












Faculty Profiles | Department of Molecular Biology




























Skip to main content










Apply
Visit
Contact
People
News
Events









Search form
Search











Princeton University






















Faculty Profiles









Filter by Faculty TypeFacultyAssociated FacultyTeaching FacultyEmeritus Faculty 



Filter by Research AreaBiochemistry, Biophysics & Structural BiologyCell Biology, Development & CancerGenetics & GenomicsMicrobiology & VirologyNeuroscience 



Filter by LocationEngineering QuadrangleFrick Chemistry LaboratoryGuyot HallHoyt Chemical LaboratoryIcahn LaboratoryMoffett LaboratoryPNISchultz LaboratoryThomas Laboratory 


Apply


Reset



 

 Faculty
 
  
 Bonnie L. Bassler 
 Thomas Laboratory       -  
   329 
 bbassler@princeton.edu 
 Cell-to-Cell Communication in Bacteria 

  
 Michael J. Berry II 
 PNI       -  
   A54 
 berry@princeton.edu 
 Neural computation in the retina 

  
 Carlos D. Brody 
 PNI       -  
   155 
 brody@princeton.edu 
 Quantitative approaches to systems neuroscience 

  
 Rebecca D. Burdine 
 Moffett Laboratory       -  
   433 
 rburdine@princeton.edu 
 Left-right patterning in the vertebrate embryo 

  
 Ileana M. Cristea 
 Thomas Laboratory       -  
   210 
 icristea@princeton.edu 
 Virology meets Proteomics: Cellular Host Defense versus Virus Immune Evasion 

  
 Danelle Devenport 
 Thomas Laboratory       -  
   247 
 danelle@princeton.edu 
 The cell biology of tissue polarity and epithelial patterning 

  
 Mohamed S. Donia 
 Guyot Hall       -  
   A5 
 donia@princeton.edu 
 Small-molecule-mediated interactions in complex microbial communities 

  
 Lynn W. Enquist 
 Schultz Laboratory       -  
   314 
 lenquist@princeton.edu 
 Neurovirology 

  
 S. Jane Flint 
 Thomas Laboratory       -  
   234 
 sjflint@princeton.edu 
 Modulation of host cell processes by adenoviral gene products 

  
 Elizabeth R. Gavis 
 Schultz Laboratory       -  
   416 
 gavis@princeton.edu 
 RNA localization and translational regulation during development in Drosophila 

  
 Zemer Gitai 
 Thomas Laboratory       -  
   355 
 zgitai@princeton.edu 
 Bacterial cell biology: fundamentals of cytoskeletal dynamics, polarity, and mitosis 

  
 Frederick M. Hughson 
 Schultz Laboratory       -  
   215 
 hughson@princeton.edu 
 Structural cell biology 

  
 Martin Jonikas 
 Thomas Laboratory       -  
   303 
 mjonikas@princeton.edu 
 Systems and Synthetic Biology of Photosynthetic Organisms 

  
 Yibin Kang 
 Thomas Laboratory       -  
   255 
 ykang@princeton.edu 
 Molecular mechanisms of cancer metastasis 

  
 Alexei V. Korennykh 
 Schultz Laboratory       -  
   216 
 akorenny@princeton.edu 
 Structural biology and mechanisms of signal transduction in stress and immune responses 

  
 Michael Levine 
 Icahn Laboratory       -  
   140 
 msl2@princeton.edu 
 How noncoding regions of the genome function to control the differential patterns of gene expression, both spatial and temporal, that define cell behavior 

  
 Adel A. Mahmoud 
 Thomas Laboratory       -  
   228 
 amahmoud@princeton.edu 
 Global health: infectious disease; burden of illness; expanding threat; vaccines and control strategies 

  
 Ricardo Mallarino 
 rmallarino@princeton.edu 
 Molecular basis of morphological change 

  
 Coleen T. Murphy 
 Icahn Laboratory       -  
   148 
 ctmurphy@princeton.edu 
 Molecular mechanisms of aging 

  
 Mala Murthy 
 PNI       -  
   252 
 mmurthy@princeton.edu 
 Neural Mechanisms Underlying Social Communication in Flies 

  
 Daniel A. Notterman 
 Thomas Laboratory       -  
   219 
 dan1@princeton.edu 
 Genetic, epigenetic, and environmental interactions with child development and health 

  
 Sabine Petry 
 Schultz Laboratory       -  
   415 
 spetry@princeton.edu 
 Molecular architecture and function of the microtubule cytoskeleton 

  
 Alexander Ploss 
 Thomas Laboratory       -  
   110 
 aploss@princeton.edu 
 Tissue engineering, human infections and diseases 

  
 Paul D. Schedl 
 Guyot Hall       -  
   4 
 pschedl@princeton.edu 
 Control of gene expression and early development in Drosophila melanogaster 

  
 Gertrud M. Schüpbach 
 Moffett Laboratory       -  
   428 
 schupbac@princeton.edu 
 Genetic and molecular analysis of oogenesis in Drosophila melanogaster 

  
 Jean E. Schwarzbauer 
 Schultz Laboratory       -  
   315 
 jschwarz@princeton.edu 
 Extracellular matrix regulation of cell functions 

  
 Thomas E. Shenk 
 Thomas Laboratory       -  
   203 
 tshenk@princeton.edu 
 Human cytomegalovirus replication and pathogenesis 

  
 Thomas J. Silhavy 
 Thomas Laboratory       -  
   310 
 tsilhavy@princeton.edu 
 Protein targeting and signal transduction 

  
 Jeffry B. Stock 
 Thomas Laboratory       -  
   253 
 jstock@princeton.edu 
 Membrane receptors and signal transduction 

  
 David W. Tank 
 PNI       -  
   157 
 dwtank@princeton.edu 
 Measurement and analysis of neural circuit dynamics 

  
 Shirley M. Tilghman 
 Icahn Laboratory       -  
   240 
 smt@princeton.edu 
 Mammalian developmental biology and science policy 

  
 Jared E. Toettcher 
 Thomas Laboratory       -  
   140 
 toettcher@princeton.edu 
 Understanding and controlling complex cell behaviors 

  
 Samuel S. Wang 
 PNI       -  
   A55 
 sswang@princeton.edu 
 Information processing and learning in mammalian brains 

  
 Eric F. Wieschaus 
 Moffett Laboratory       -  
   435 
 efw@princeton.edu 
 Embryonic development of Drosophila melanogaster

 

  
 Ned Wingreen 
 Icahn Laboratory       -  
   243 
 wingreen@princeton.edu 
 Biological modeling; intracellular networks; molecular biophysics 

  
 Martin H. Wühr  
 Icahn Laboratory       -  
   246 
 wuhr@princeton.edu 
 Develop and employ quantitative proteomics methods to obtain a systems level understanding of cellular organization 

  
 Nieng Yan 
 nyan@princeton.edu 

  
 Virginia A. Zakian 
 Thomas Laboratory       -  
   103A 
 vzakian@princeton.edu 
 DNA replication and chromosome structure in yeast; telomeres; replication fork progression 
 Associated Faculty
 
  
 Peter Andolfatto 
 Icahn Laboratory       -  
   144 
 pandolfa@princeton.edu 
 Population genetics and genomics 

  
 José L. Avalos 
 Hoyt Chemical Laboratory       -  
   101 
 javalos@princeton.edu 
 Metabolic engineering, organelle engineering, synthetic biology, structural biology, and protein engineering 

  
 Lisa M. Boulanger 
 PNI       -  
   A52 
 lboulang@princeton.edu 
 Immune proteins in the formation, function, and modification of neuronal connectivity 

  
 Clifford P. Brangwynne 
 Hoyt Chemical Laboratory       -  
   301 
 cbrangwy@princeton.edu 
 Biophysical approaches to understanding growth of RNA/protein assemblies, cells, and tissues 

  
 Mark Brynildsen 
 Hoyt Chemical Laboratory       -  
   205 
 mbrynild@Princeton.EDU 
 Bacterial persistence and host-pathogen interactions 

  
 Jannette Carey 
 Frick Chemistry Laboratory       -  
   360 
 jcarey@princeton.edu 
 Biophysical chemistry: Molecular origins of macromolecular affinity and specificity 

  
 Thomas Gregor 
 Jadwin Hall       -  
   120 
 tg2@princeton.edu 
 Quantitative approaches to systems and developmental biology 

  
 Michael H. Hecht 
 Frick Chemistry Laboratory       -  
   330 
 hecht@princeton.edu 
 Protein folding; design of novel proteins; molecular determinants of Alzheimer's disease 

  
 Ralph Kleiner 
 Frick Chemistry Laboratory       -  
   359 
 rkleiner@princeton.edu 
 Chemistry of cellular RNA 

  
 A. James Link 
 Hoyt Chemical Laboratory       -  
   207 
 ajlink@princeton.edu 
 Protein engineering and chemical biology 

  
 Carolyn (Lindy) McBride 
 Guyot Hall       -  
   M151 
 csm7@princeton.edu 
 Genes and Neural Circuits Underlying Behavioral Evolution 

  
 Tom Muir 
 Frick Chemistry Laboratory       -  
   325 
 muir@princeton.edu 
 Investigating the physiochemical basis of protein function in complex systems of biomedical interest with new chemical biology technologies 

  
 Celeste M. Nelson 
 Hoyt Chemical Laboratory       -  
   303 
 celesten@princeton.edu 
 Development of three-dimensional tissues 

  
 Joshua Rabinowitz 
 Icahn Laboratory       -  
   241 
 joshr@princeton.edu 
 Towards a holistic understanding of cellular metabolism 

  
 Mohammad R. Seyedsayamdost 
 Frick Chemistry Laboratory       -  
   333 
 mrseyed@princeton.edu 
 Discovery of new small molecules and biosynthetic pathways involved in microbial symbiotic interactions; elucidation of enzyme-catalyzed reaction mechanisms 

  
 Joshua W. Shaevitz 
 Icahn Laboratory       -  
   244 
 shaevitz@princeton.edu 
 Cellular and molecular biophysics; shape, mechanics and motility 

  
 Stanislav Y. Shvartsman 
 Icahn Laboratory       -  
   248 
 stas@princeton.edu 
 Dynamics of living tissues 

  
 Mona Singh 
 Computer Science Building       -  
   420 
 msingh@cs.princeton.edu 
 Computational molecular biology 

  
 Howard A. Stone 
 Engineering Quadrangle       -  
   D326 
 hastone@princeton.edu 
 Fluid dynamics of "complex fluids" 

  
 John Storey 
 Icahn Laboratory 
 jstorey@princeton.edu 
 Quantitative and functional genomics 

  
 Olga G. Troyanskaya 
 Computer Science Building       -  
   320 
 ogt@princeton.edu 
 Bioinformatics and genomics 

  
 Bridgett M. vonHoldt 
 Moffett Laboratory       -  
   328 
 vonholdt@princeton.edu 
 Genomics of hybrid zones and ecological epigenetics 
 Teaching Faculty
 
  
 Philip G. Felton 
 Thomas Laboratory 
 felton@princeton.edu 

  
 Heather A. Thieringer 
 Schultz Laboratory       -  
   102 
 hthierin@princeton.edu 

  
 Liz Wright 
 Thomas Laboratory       -  
   304 
 mew3@princeton.edu 
 Emeritus Faculty
 
  
 David Botstein 
 botstein@princeton.edu 
 Molecular Genetics in the Post-Genome-Sequence Era 

  
 James R. Broach 
 jbroach@princeton.edu 

  
 Edward C. Cox 
 ecox@princeton.edu 

  
 Jacques R. Fresco 
 jfresco@princeton.edu 

  
 John J. Hopfield 
 hopfield@princeton.edu 

  
 Austin  Newton 
 anewton@princeton.edu 

  
 Mark D. Rose 
 Thomas Laboratory       -  
   319 
 mdrose@princeton.edu 
 Cell biology and genetics in Saccharomyces cerevisiae 

  
 Leon Rosenberg 
 lrosenbe@princeton.edu 

  
 Lee  M. Silver 
 lsilver@princeton.edu 
 




















Thomas E. Shenk To Retire From Merck's Board Of Directors - TheStreet



































































 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 








































Thomas E. Shenk To Retire From Merck's Board Of Directors






Business Wire




Feb 8, 2012 3:00 PM EST













 


























































  Merck (NYSE:MRK), known as MSD outside the United States and Canada, announced today that Thomas E. Shenk, Ph.D., has decided to retire from its board of directors, effective today. Dr. Shenk is leaving the board to focus on the new company he is forming to commercialize discoveries made in his Princeton University laboratory in the area of antiviral therapeutics.  Dr. Shenk has been Elkins Professor in the Department of Molecular Biology at Princeton University since 1984. He served as the department's chairman from 1996 to 2004. Dr. Shenk joined Merck's board in 2001.  About Merck  Today's Merck is a global healthcare leader working to help the world be well. Merck is known as MSD outside the United States and Canada. Through our prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies, and consumer care and animal health products, we work with customers and operate in more than 140 countries to deliver innovative health solutions. We also demonstrate our commitment to increasing access to healthcare through far-reaching policies, programs and partnerships. For more information, visit www.merck.com and connect with us on Twitter, Facebook and YouTube.    



 



 










































If you liked this article you might like













FedEx Expects Financial Hit From Cyber Hack; Here's Who Else Who Could Feel Petya's Pain
FedEx joined snack-maker Mondelez among firms warning that the late-June hacks will affect their numbers.



Chris Nolter

Jul 17, 2017 1:20 PM EDT
























Dow Scores Record Close as Retail Roars Higher, Walmart Rallies
Upbeat guidance from Target inspires retail rally.



Keris Alison Lahiff

Jul 13, 2017 8:05 PM EDT
























Dow on Track for Record Close as Retail Roars Higher, Walmart Rallies
Upbeat guidance from Target inspires retail rally.



Keris Alison Lahiff

Jul 13, 2017 2:07 PM EDT
























Healthcare Stocks Sell Off, Retail Rallies on Upbeat Guidance From Target
Upbeat guidance from Target inspires retail rally.



Keris Alison Lahiff

Jul 13, 2017 10:44 AM EDT








































 











Trending


Don't Sleep on General Electric's Cheap Stock Price


Boeing Could Soar Another 100,000 Feet and Stay the Hottest Dow Jones Industrial Average Performer


Toyota Leads the List of 10 Cars You Could Own Forever


General Electric Sitting on Terrible News -- Here's What It Probably Is


Sears Just Surrendered to Amazon With Kenmore Deal











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 



























Thomas E. Shenk | Department of Molecular Biology





































Skip to main content










Apply
Visit
Contact
People
News
Events









Search form
Search











Princeton University






















Thomas E. Shenk






  
 James A. Elkins Jr. Professor in the Life Sciences 
 Contact tshenk@princeton.edu 
 609-258-5992 
 609-258-1704 
 Thomas Laboratory, 203 
 Shenk Lab 
 Faculty Assistant Ellen Brindle-Clark 
 Research Area Microbiology & Virology 
 Research Focus Human cytomegalovirus replication and pathogenesis  




ResearchSelected PublicationsBiographyHonors & Awards


 Cytomegaloviruses are members of the herpes virus family. Human cytomegalovirus (HCMV) infections are widespread and subclinical in the vast majority of cases, but the virus exhibits increased virulence in the very young and old and in immunocompromised individuals. Congenital infections cause life-long disabilities in a significant number of children. Transplant recipients, cancer patients, and AIDS patients, all of whom can exhibit decreased immune function, suffer a variety of clinical manifestations resulting from cytomegalovirus infection, including mononucleosis and pneumonia. There are also suggestions in the literature that HCMV might serve as a cofactor in certain cancers, atherosclerosis and immune senescence. The HCMV particle carries a viral genome comprised of linear double-stranded DNA that encodes more than 200 proteins, 23 microRNAs and a variety of additional non-coding RNAs. We study molecular mechanisms underlying HCMV replication and pathogenesis.When the virus infects a fibroblast, epithelial cell or endothelial cell, it actively replicates and generates infectious progeny. We have studied the HCMV life cycle by using a mixture of genetic, biochemical, proteomic and metabolomic approaches. One area of special interest to us has been the identification of mechanisms by which the virus blocks defensive responses of the host cell, an area where the HCMV pUL38 protein plays a major role. We constructed a mutant virus unable to express pUL38 and found that it failed to efficiently express all viral genes tested and infected cells died of apoptosis before the viral replication cycle was completed. Using proteomic technology we discovered that pUL38 binds to the cellular tuberous sclerosis protein complex (TSC). This is a tumor suppressor complex that interprets stress signals and modulates the activity of mTOR, which in turn controls translation, fatty acid synthesis and many other vital processes in the cell. The pUL38 protein blocks the ability of TSC to respond to upstream signals, allowing the virus to continue to utilize cellular biosynthetic systems in spite of inducing a strong stress response. We have further probed the HCMV-host cell interaction by studying how metabolism is altered by infection. This work has revealed that HCMV induces glycolysis, nucleotide synthesis, citric acid cycle flux and lipid biosynthesis. Inhibition of the committed step of fatty acid synthesis and elongation, acetyl-CoA carboxylase, blocks HCMV replication, so we performed an siRNA screen and identified a substantial number of enzymes that sponsor fatty acid and lipid biosynthesis and are needed for successful virus replication. We are now working to elucidate how these enzymes are regulated, and one approach we have employed is to knock down each of the cell-coded kinases and test how the loss of function influences HCMV replication. This approach has identified several kinases that modulate the cell metabolome following infection. Most recently, we discovered that each of the seven human sirtuins is an HCMV restriction factor. Sirtuins are NAD+-dependent protein deacetylases, and we have begun to identify cellular targets of sirtuins that are critical for their anti-viral activity.When HCMV infects a bone marrow stem cell or a monocyte, it doesn't replicate. Rather, it enters a state of quiescence termed latency. We have developed and validated two cell culture models for latency. Using these models, we have discovered that the virus transiently expresses a large number of viral products after infecting these cells, but after several days the viral genome becomes quiescent. A small number of viral proteins that continue to be expressed, including pUL138, a protein whose role in latency was first identified in our latency models. Others have shown that it controls the expression of at least one cell surface protein, and we are now following this clue by characterizing the cell surface proteome of uninfected monocytes as compared to monocytes harbouring latent HCMV. Our early results show that they are remarkably different!  



  
 Levin JM, Holtzman SH, Maraganore J, Hastings PJ, Cohen R, Dahiyat B, et al. US immigration order strikes against biotech. Nat Biotechnol. 2017  ;35(3):204-206. PubMed
BibTex
 

 Casadevall A, Shenk T. The mBio American Academy of Microbiology Submission Track in 2017. MBio. 2017  ;8(1). PubMed
BibTex
 

 Casadevall A, Bertuzzi S, Buchmeier MJ, Davis RJ, Drake H, Fang FC, et al. ASM Journals Eliminate Impact Factor Information from Journal Websites. J Clin Microbiol. 2016  ;54(9):2216-7. PubMed
BibTex
 

 Casadevall A, Bertuzzi S, Buchmeier MJ, Davis RJ, Drake H, Fang FC, et al. ASM Journals Eliminate Impact Factor Information from Journal Websites. Microbiol Mol Biol Rev. 2016  ;80(3):i-ii. PubMed
BibTex
 

 Casadevall A, Bertuzzi S, Buchmeier MJ, Davis RJ, Drake H, Fang FC, et al. ASM Journals Eliminate Impact Factor Information from Journal Websites. Clin Microbiol Rev. 2016  ;29(4):i-ii. PubMed
BibTex
 

 Casadevall A, Bertuzzi S, Buchmeier MJ, Davis RJ, Drake H, Fang FC, et al. ASM Journals Eliminate Impact Factor Information from Journal Websites. mSphere. 2016  ;1(4). PubMed
BibTex
 

 Casadevall A, Bertuzzi S, Buchmeier MJ, Davis RJ, Drake H, Fang FC, et al. ASM Journals Eliminate Impact Factor Information from Journal Websites. MBio. 2016  ;7(4). PubMed
BibTex
 

 Imperiale MJ, Shenk T, Bertuzzi S. mSphereDirect: Author-Initiated Peer Review of Manuscripts. mSphere. 2016  ;1(6). PubMed
BibTex
 

 Purdy JG, Shenk T, Rabinowitz JD. Fatty acid elongase 7 catalyzes lipidome remodeling essential for human cytomegalovirus replication. Cell Rep. 2015  ;10(8):1375-85. PubMed
BibTex
 

 Ziehr B, Lenarcic E, Vincent HA, Cecil C, Garcia B, Shenk T, et al. Human cytomegalovirus TRS1 protein associates with the 7-methylguanosine mRNA cap and facilitates translation. Proteomics. 2015  ;15(12):1983-94. PubMed
BibTex
 

 Oberstein A, Perlman DH, Shenk T, Terry LJ. Human cytomegalovirus pUL97 kinase induces global changes in the infected cell phosphoproteome. Proteomics. 2015  ;15(12):2006-22. PubMed
BibTex
 

 Casadevall A, Shenk T. The Justification for the Academy Track in mBio. MBio. 2015  ;6(4). PubMed
BibTex
 

 Casadevall A, Dermody TS, Imperiale MJ, Sandri-Goldin RM, Shenk T. Dual-Use Research of Concern (DURC) Review at American Society for Microbiology Journals. MBio. 2015  ;6(4):e01236. PubMed
BibTex
 

 Hwang J, Purdy JG, Wu K, Rabinowitz JD, Shenk T. Estrogen-related receptor α is required for efficient human cytomegalovirus replication. Proc Natl Acad Sci U S A. 2014  ;111(52):E5706-15. PubMed
BibTex
 
 



 Thomas Shenk, Ph.D., is the James A. Elkins Professor of Life Sciences in the Department of Molecular Biology at Princeton University. He is a virologist, who has investigated gene functions and pathogenesis of adenovirus, a DNA tumor virus, and, more recently, human cytomegalovirus, a member of the herpes family of viruses. Cytomegalovirus is the leading known infectious cause of birth defects, it is responsible for significant morbidity in people who become immunosuppressed, and there is suggestive evidence that it contributes to certain cancers and immune senescence. His laboratory’s current areas of focus include the use of genetic and proteomic approaches for the dissection of cytomegalovirus gene functions and the cellular response to infection, as well as the development and analysis of models for study of viral latency. Professor Shenk is a fellow of the American Academy of Microbiology and the American Academy of Arts and Sciences; and he is a member of the U.S. National Academy of Sciences and the U.S. Institute of Medicine.  He is a past president of the American Society for Virology and the American Society for Microbiology, and he served on the board of directors of Merck & Company for 11 years. He currently serves as a member of the boards of directors of the Fox Chase Cancer Center, The Hepatitis B Foundation and Origen Therapeutics.  



 2013
 
 Intellectual Property Accelerator Award, Princeton University  
 2012
 
 rthur Kornberg and Paul Berg Lifetime Achievement Award in Biomedical Sciences, Stanford Medical Center  
 













Faculty
Research Areas
Faculty Publications
Research Labs
Open Positions
Lewis-Sigler Fellows



 










Papers with the keyword Shenk Thomas E, Virus | Read by QxMD






































keyword




Get Read on your iPhone, iPad and Android

★★★★¾ 
					"The Flipboard for medical journals has arrived."
					—iMedicalApps












MENU ▼


Read






CLOSE ▲

Read


Login
Featured
Journals
Collections
Favorites




 papers
 topics


















Sign in
Sign Up






Sign in








Email

Password



Sign in






Create your account
Retrieve your password









×


Want to receive updates for this keyword?

Use Read by QxMD to access full text via your institution or open access sources.
Read also provides personalized recommendations to keep you up to date in your field.

Existing User
Sign In


New to Read
Sign Up






Shenk Thomas E, Virus
• keyword





https://www.readbyqxmd.com/read/24987098/quantitative-proteomic-discovery-of-dynamic-epigenome-changes-that-control-human-cytomegalovirus-hcmv-infection
#1

Quantitative proteomic discovery of dynamic epigenome changes that control human cytomegalovirus (HCMV) infection.
Christine M O'Connor, Peter A DiMaggio, Thomas Shenk, Benjamin A Garcia
This work represents the first comprehensive quantitative analysis of global histone post-translational modifications (PTMs) from a virus infection, namely human cytomegalovirus (HCMV) infection. We used a nanoLC-MS/MS platform to identify and quantify the dynamic histone H3 and H4 PTMs expressed during HCMV replication in primary fibroblasts. Specifically, we examined the changes in histone PTMs over a 96 h time course to sample the immediate early (IE), early (E), and late (L) stages of viral infection. Several changes in histone H3 and H4 PTMs were observed, including a marked increase in H3K79me2 and H3K27me3K36me2, and a decrease in H4K16ac, highlighting likely epigenetic strategies of transcriptional activation and silencing during HCMV lytic infection...

24987098
September 2014: Molecular & Cellular Proteomics: MCP




https://www.readbyqxmd.com/read/22915800/human-cytomegalovirus-pul78-g-protein-coupled-receptor-homologue-is-required-for-timely-cell-entry-in-epithelial-cells-but-not-fibroblasts
#2

Human cytomegalovirus pUL78 G protein-coupled receptor homologue is required for timely cell entry in epithelial cells but not fibroblasts.
Christine M O'Connor, Thomas Shenk
Human cytomegalovirus (HCMV) encodes four putative G protein-coupled receptors, including pUL78, whose rodent orthologues are known to be important for replication and spread in their hosts. To investigate the mechanism by which pUL78 contributes to viral replication and pathogenesis, we generated a derivative of the TB40/E clinical isolate of HCMV that is unable to express the receptor. Consistent with previous findings using laboratory strains of the virus, the mutant replicated normally in fibroblasts. Although laboratory strains are restricted to growth in fibroblasts, clinical isolates grow in many cell types, including epithelial and endothelial cells, in which the pUL78-deficient TB40/E derivative exhibited a growth defect...

22915800
November 2012: Journal of Virology




https://www.readbyqxmd.com/read/21779165/divergent-effects-of-human-cytomegalovirus-and-herpes-simplex-virus-1-on-cellular-metabolism
#3

Divergent effects of human cytomegalovirus and herpes simplex virus-1 on cellular metabolism.
Livia Vastag, Emre Koyuncu, Sarah L Grady, Thomas E Shenk, Joshua D Rabinowitz
Viruses rely on the metabolic network of the host cell to provide energy and macromolecular precursors to fuel viral replication. Here we used mass spectrometry to examine the impact of two related herpesviruses, human cytomegalovirus (HCMV) and herpes simplex virus type-1 (HSV-1), on the metabolism of fibroblast and epithelial host cells. Each virus triggered strong metabolic changes that were conserved across different host cell types. The metabolic effects of the two viruses were, however, largely distinct...

21779165
July 2011: PLoS Pathogens




https://www.readbyqxmd.com/read/21307184/human-cytomegalovirus-pus27-g-protein-coupled-receptor-homologue-is-required-for-efficient-spread-by-the-extracellular-route-but-not-for-direct-cell-to-cell-spread
#4

Human cytomegalovirus pUS27 G protein-coupled receptor homologue is required for efficient spread by the extracellular route but not for direct cell-to-cell spread.
Christine M O'Connor, Thomas Shenk
Human cytomegalovirus (HCMV) encodes multiple G protein-coupled receptor (GPCR) homologues, including pUS27, pUS28, pUL33, and pUL78. To explore the function of pUS27, we constructed pUS27-deficient derivates of two clinical isolates of HCMV. BFX-GFPstopUS27 is a FIX variant with a single base pair change in the US27 open reading frame, generating a stop codon that ablates accumulation of the GPCR homologue, and TB40/E-mCherrydlUS27 lacks the entire US27 coding region. BFX-GFPstopUS27 generated 10-fold less extracellular progeny in fibroblasts, and TB40/E-mCherrydlUS27 exhibited a similar defect in endothelial cells...

21307184
April 2011: Journal of Virology




https://www.readbyqxmd.com/read/21041645/experimental-human-cytomegalovirus-latency-in-cd14-monocytes
#5

Experimental human cytomegalovirus latency in CD14+ monocytes.
Danna Hargett, Thomas E Shenk
CD14(+) monocytes are a reservoir for latent human cytomegalovirus, and virus replication is reactivated during their differentiation to macrophages or dendritic cells. It has not been clear whether the virus can establish latency upon direct infection of monocytes or whether it must first become quiescent in a progenitor cell that subsequently differentiates to generate a monocyte. We report that infection of primary human monocytes with a clinical strain of human cytomegalovirus exhibits the hallmarks of latency...

21041645
November 16, 2010: Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America




https://www.readbyqxmd.com/read/20133758/human-cytomegalovirus-ul69-protein-facilitates-translation-by-associating-with-the-mrna-cap-binding-complex-and-excluding-4ebp1
#6

Human cytomegalovirus UL69 protein facilitates translation by associating with the mRNA cap-binding complex and excluding 4EBP1.
Mariko Aoyagi, Miguel Gaspar, Thomas E Shenk
4EBP1 is phosphorylated by the mTORC1 kinase. When mTORC1 activity is inhibited, hypophosphorylated 4EBP1 binds and sequesters eIF4E, a component of the mRNA cap-binding complex, and blocks translation. As a consequence, mTORC1 activity is needed to maintain active translation. The human cytomegalovirus pUL38 protein preserves mTORC1 activity, keeping most of the E4BP1 in the infected cell in a hyperphosphorylated, inactive state. Here we report that a second viral protein, pUL69, also antagonizes the activity of 4EBP1, but by a separate mechanism...

20133758
February 9, 2010: Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America




https://www.readbyqxmd.com/read/19064925/efficient-replication-of-rhesus-cytomegalovirus-variants-in-multiple-rhesus-and-human-cell-types
#7

Efficient replication of rhesus cytomegalovirus variants in multiple rhesus and human cell types.
Anders E Lilja, Thomas Shenk
Rhesus cytomegalovirus infection of rhesus macaques has emerged as a model for human cytomegalovirus pathogenesis. The UL128-UL131 locus of the human virus is a primary determinant for viral entry into epithelial cells, an important cell type during cytomegalovirus infection. Rhesus cytomegalovirus strain 68-1 spreads slowly when grown in cultured rhesus epithelial cells, and it does not code for ORFs corresponding to UL128 and the second exon of UL130. We repaired the UL128-UL131 locus of strain 68-1, using rhesus cytomegalovirus strain 180...

19064925
December 16, 2008: Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America




https://www.readbyqxmd.com/read/18094178/functional-genetic-analysis-of-rhesus-cytomegalovirus-rh01-is-an-epithelial-cell-tropism-factor
#8

Functional genetic analysis of rhesus cytomegalovirus: Rh01 is an epithelial cell tropism factor.
Anders E Lilja, W L William Chang, Peter A Barry, S Patricia Becerra, Thomas E Shenk
Rhesus cytomegalovirus (RhCMV) is an emerging model for human cytomegalovirus (HCMV) pathogenesis that facilitates experimental CMV infection of a natural primate host closely related to humans. We have generated a library of RhCMV mutants with lesions in genes whose HCMV orthologues have been characterized as nonessential for replication in human fibroblasts, and we characterized their replication in rhesus fibroblasts and epithelial cells. The RhCMV mutants grew well in fibroblasts, as predicted by earlier studies with HCMV...

18094178
March 2008: Journal of Virology




https://www.readbyqxmd.com/read/17194214/an-hiv-feedback-resistor-auto-regulatory-circuit-deactivator-and-noise-buffer
#9

An HIV feedback resistor: auto-regulatory circuit deactivator and noise buffer.
Leor S Weinberger, Thomas Shenk
Animal viruses (e.g., lentiviruses and herpesviruses) use transcriptional positive feedback (i.e., transactivation) to regulate their gene expression. But positive-feedback circuits are inherently unstable when turned off, which presents a particular dilemma for latent viruses that lack transcriptional repressor motifs. Here we show that a dissipative feedback resistor, composed of enzymatic interconversion of the transactivator, converts transactivation circuits into excitable systems that generate transient pulses of expression, which decay to zero...

17194214
January 2007: PLoS Biology




https://www.readbyqxmd.com/read/17105807/murine-cytomegalovirus-encodes-a-stable-intron-that-facilitates-persistent-replication-in-the-mouse
#10

Murine cytomegalovirus encodes a stable intron that facilitates persistent replication in the mouse.
Caroline A Kulesza, Thomas Shenk
The human cytomegalovirus immediate-early 5-kb RNA previously has been shown to be a stable intron that is not required for efficient replication of the virus in cultured fibroblasts. Here we describe a murine cytomegalovirus 7.2-kb ortholog of the human cytomegalovirus 5-kb RNA. The 5' end of the 7.2-kb transcript maps to a consensus splice-donor site that is conserved among all cytomegaloviruses. We constructed mutant viruses lacking the entire 7.2-kb coding domain, the splice-donor site predicted to function in the generation of the intron or a hairpin predicted to stabilize the intron...

17105807
November 28, 2006: Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America




https://www.readbyqxmd.com/read/15452216/identification-of-proteins-in-human-cytomegalovirus-hcmv-particles-the-hcmv-proteome
#11

Identification of proteins in human cytomegalovirus (HCMV) particles: the HCMV proteome.
Susan M Varnum, Daniel N Streblow, Matthew E Monroe, Patricia Smith, Kenneth J Auberry, Ljiljana Pasa-Tolic, Dai Wang, David G Camp, Karin Rodland, Steven Wiley, William Britt, Thomas Shenk, Richard D Smith, Jay A Nelson
Human cytomegalovirus (HCMV), a member of the herpesvirus family, is a large complex enveloped virus composed of both viral and cellular gene products. While the sequence of the HCMV genome has been known for over a decade, the full set of viral and cellular proteins that compose the HCMV virion are unknown. To approach this problem we have utilized gel-free two-dimensional capillary liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry (MS/MS) and Fourier transform ion cyclotron resonance MS to identify and determine the relative abundances of viral and cellular proteins in purified HCMV AD169 virions and dense bodies...

15452216
October 2004: Journal of Virology




https://www.readbyqxmd.com/read/15367587/human-cytomegalovirus-trs1-protein-is-required-for-efficient-assembly-of-dna-containing-capsids
#12

Human cytomegalovirus TRS1 protein is required for efficient assembly of DNA-containing capsids.
Joan E Adamo, Jörg Schröer, Thomas Shenk
The human cytomegalovirus tegument protein, pTRS1, appears to function at several discrete stages of the virus replication cycle. We previously demonstrated that pTRS1 acts during the late phase of infection to facilitate the production of infectious virions. We now have more precisely identified the late pTRS1 function by further study of a mutant virus lacking the TRS1 region, ADsubTRS1. We observed a significant reduction in the production of capsids, especially DNA-containing C-capsids, in mutant virus-infected cells...

15367587
October 2004: Journal of Virology




https://www.readbyqxmd.com/read/14657367/coding-potential-of-laboratory-and-clinical-strains-of-human-cytomegalovirus
#13

Coding potential of laboratory and clinical strains of human cytomegalovirus.
Eain Murphy, Dong Yu, Jane Grimwood, Jeremy Schmutz, Mark Dickson, Michael A Jarvis, Gabriele Hahn, Jay A Nelson, Richard M Myers, Thomas E Shenk
Six strains of human cytomegalovirus have been sequenced, including two laboratory strains (AD169 and Towne) that have been extensively passaged in fibroblasts and four clinical isolates that have been passaged to a limited extent in the laboratory (Toledo, FIX, PH, and TR). All of the sequenced viral genomes have been cloned as infectious bacterial artificial chromosomes. A total of 252 ORFs with the potential to encode proteins have been identified that are conserved in all four clinical isolates of the virus...

14657367
December 9, 2003: Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America




https://www.readbyqxmd.com/read/14593199/reevaluation-of-human-cytomegalovirus-coding-potential
#14

Reevaluation of human cytomegalovirus coding potential.
Eain Murphy, Isidore Rigoutsos, Tetsuo Shibuya, Thomas E Shenk
The Bio-Dictionary-based Gene Finder was used to reassess the coding potential of the AD169 laboratory strain of human cytomegalovirus and sequences in the Toledo strain that are missing in the laboratory strain of the virus. The gene-finder algorithm assesses the potential of an ORF to encode a protein based on matches to a database of amino acid patterns derived from a large collection of proteins. The algorithm was used to score all human cytomegalovirus ORFs with the potential to encode polypeptides >/=50 aa in length...

14593199
November 11, 2003: Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America




https://www.readbyqxmd.com/read/11867761/inhibition-of-cyclooxygenase-2-blocks-human-cytomegalovirus-replication
#15

Inhibition of cyclooxygenase 2 blocks human cytomegalovirus replication.
Hua Zhu, Jian-Ping Cong, Deborah Yu, Wade A Bresnahan, Thomas E Shenk
Cyclooxygenase 2 (COX-2) mRNA, protein, and activity are transiently induced after infection of human fibroblasts with human cytomegalovirus. Prostaglandin E(2), the product of COX-2 activity, is transiently increased by a factor of >50 in cultures of virus-infected fibroblasts. Both specific (BMS-279652, 279654, and 279655) and nonspecific (indomethacin) COX-2 inhibitors can abrogate the virus-mediated induction of prostaglandin E(2) accumulation. Levels of COX-2 inhibitors that completely block the induction of COX-2 activity, but do not compromise cell viability, reduce the yield of human cytomegalovirus in human fibroblasts by a factor of >100...

11867761
March 19, 2002: Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America




https://www.readbyqxmd.com/read/11867756/construction-of-a-rationally-designed-human-cytomegalovirus-variant-encoding-a-temperature-sensitive-immediate-early-2-protein
#16

Construction of a rationally designed human cytomegalovirus variant encoding a temperature-sensitive immediate-early 2 protein.
Julie A Heider, Wade A Bresnahan, Thomas E Shenk
We generated a set of cysteine-to-glycine mutations and screened them to identify a temperature-sensitive allele of the human cytomegalovirus UL122 gene, which encodes the immediate-early 2 transcriptional activating protein. The mutant allele contains a single base pair substitution at amino acid 510. In transcription activation assays, the mutant protein activated the simian virus 40 early and human cytomegalovirus UL112 promoters at 32.5 degrees C but not at 39.5 degrees C. We constructed a mutant virus, BTNtsUL122, in which the wild-type UL122 locus is substituted with the mutant allele...

11867756
March 5, 2002: Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America




https://www.readbyqxmd.com/read/11752183/characterization-of-a-human-cytomegalovirus-with-phosphorylation-site-mutations-in-the-immediate-early-2-protein
#17

Characterization of a human cytomegalovirus with phosphorylation site mutations in the immediate-early 2 protein.
Julie A Heider, Yongjun Yu, Thomas Shenk, James C Alwine
A human cytomegalovirus mutant (TNsubIE2P) was constructed with alanine substitutions of four residues (T27, S144, T233, and S234) previously shown to be phosphorylated in the immediate-early 2 (IE2) protein. This mutant grew as well as the wild type at both low and high multiplicities of infection. The mutant activated the major immediate-early, UL4, and UL44 promoters to similar levels, and with similar kinetics, as wild-type virus. However, the TNsubIE2P mutant virus transactivated an endogenous simian virus 40 early promoter 4 h earlier and to higher levels than the wild-type virus in infected human fibroblasts...

11752183
January 2002: Journal of Virology




https://www.readbyqxmd.com/read/11752177/murine-cytomegalovirus-m02-gene-family-protects-against-natural-killer-cell-mediated-immune-surveillance
#18

Murine cytomegalovirus m02 gene family protects against natural killer cell-mediated immune surveillance.
Sofia A Oliveira, Se-Ho Park, Peter Lee, Albert Bendelac, Thomas E Shenk
The murine cytomegalovirus m02 gene family encodes putative type I membrane glycoproteins named m02 through m16. A subset of these genes were fused to an epitope tag and cloned into an expression vector. In transfected and murine cytomegalovirus-infected cells, m02, m04, m05, m06, m07, m09, m10, and m12 localized to cytoplasmic structures near the nucleus, whereas m08 and m13 localized to a filamentous structure surrounding the nucleus. Substitution mutants lacking the m02 gene (SMsubm02) or the entire m02 gene family (SMsubm02-16) grew like their wild-type parent in cultured cells...

11752177
January 2002: Journal of Virology




https://www.readbyqxmd.com/read/10074157/early-region-1-transforming-functions-are-dispensable-for-mammary-tumorigenesis-by-human-adenovirus-type-9
#19

Early region 1 transforming functions are dispensable for mammary tumorigenesis by human adenovirus type 9.
D L Thomas, S Shin, B H Jiang, H Vogel, M A Ross, M Kaplitt, T E Shenk, R T Javier
Some human adenoviruses are tumorigenic in rodents. Subgroup A and B human adenoviruses generally induce sarcomas in both male and female animals, and the gene products encoded within viral early region 1 (E1 region) are both necessary and sufficient for this tumorigenicity. In contrast, subgroup D human adenovirus type 9 (Ad9) induces estrogen-dependent mammary tumors in female rats and requires the E4 region-encoded ORF1 oncoprotein for its tumorigenicity. Considering the established importance of the viral E1 region for tumorigenesis by adenoviruses, we investigated whether this viral transcription unit is also necessary for Ad9 to generate mammary tumors...

10074157
April 1999: Journal of Virology


1
Fetch more papers »
Fetching more papers... 



Sign up
Read by QxMD. Sign in or create an account to discover new knowledge that matter to you.






Read by QxMD is copyright © 2017 QxMD Software Inc. All rights reserved. By using this service, you agree to our terms of use and privacy policy.













 Read
						


























close




Read



					For a better experience,
					use the Read by QxMD app
				

OPEN APP



GO TO APP STORE



NOT NOW









×


Search Tips

Use Boolean operators: AND/OR 

				diabetic AND foot
				
				diabetes OR diabetic
			
Exclude a word using the 'minus' sign

				Virchow -triad
			
Use Parentheses

				water AND (cup OR glass)
			
Add an asterisk (*) at end of a word to include word stems

				Neuro* will search for Neurology, Neuroscientist, Neurological, and so on
			
Use quotes to search for an exact phrase

				"primary prevention of cancer" 
				(heart or cardiac or cardio*) AND arrest -"American Heart Association"
			






Thomas Shenk - Wikipedia





















 






Thomas Shenk

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search






This article includes a list of references, related reading or external links, but its sources remain unclear because it lacks inline citations. Please help to improve this article by introducing more precise citations. (February 2013) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


Thomas E. Shenk is the James A. Elkins Jr. Professor in the Life Sciences in the department of Molecular Biology at Princeton University. Although his publications have contributed to the fields of biochemistry, cell biology, genetics, genomics, microbiology and virology, his present research interest involves the cytomegalovirus. Aside from academic involvement, Dr. Shenk currently sits on the board of directors of Merck & Co. and the Fox Chase Cancer Center.
External links[edit]

Current research at Princeton University
Faculty profile at Princeton University




 
This article about an American biochemist is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.


v
t
e









 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Thomas_Shenk&oldid=707744554"					
Categories: American biologistsLiving peopleMembers of the United States National Academy of SciencesAmerican biochemistsAmerican biochemist stubsHidden categories: Articles lacking in-text citations from February 2013All articles lacking in-text citationsAll stub articles 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 1 March 2016, at 15:14.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 








Thomas E. Shenk Ph.D.: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 21, 2017 1:01 PM ET
Pharmaceuticals

Company Overview of FORGE Life Science, LLC



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Thomas E. Shenk Ph.D.Founder and Director, FORGE Life Science, LLCAgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 10 Board Members in 10 different organizations across 12 different industries.See Board Relationships70--
Background

		Dr. Thomas E. Shenk, also known as Tom, Ph.D., Co-founded PMV Pharmaceutcals, Inc. in 2013. Dr. Shenk is the Founder at Novalon and FORGE Life Science, LLC. He is a Scientific Founder of DNX, Inc., Cadus Pharmaceutical Corporation and Merlin Pharmaceutical Corporation. Dr. Shenk served as an Advisor of The Sage Group, Inc. Dr. Shenk serves as Editor-in-Chief at The Journal of Virology. He served as the President of American Society for Microbiology and Virology. He served ... as an Investigator of Howard Hughes Medical Institute from 1989 to 1999. He is a world-renowned expert in virology and gene therapy and has over 20 years of experience in the biopharmaceutical field. He serves as the Chairman of Scientific Advisory Board at Karo Bio USA, Inc. He has been a Director of Hepatitis B Foundation since February 29, 2012 and CV Therapeutics Inc. since December 16, 2004. He serves as Chairman of the Board and Member of Scientific Advisory Board of MeiraGTx Limited. He serves as a Director of Fox Chase Cancer Center, FORGE Life Science, LLC, Origen Therapeutics Inc., Cadus Pharmaceutical Corporation and Karo Bio USA Inc. He serves as a Member of Scientific Advisory Board of PMV Pharmaceutcals, Inc. He has been a Director at Vical Incorporated., since December 18, 2015. He serves as a Trustee of Merck Company Foundation, The. He served as a Director of Merck & Co., Inc. from 2001 to February 8, 2012. He served as a Director of Somatix Therapy Corp. in conjunction with Somatix's acquisition of Merlin Pharmaceutical Corporation ("Merlin") since February 1995. He served as the Chairman of General Advisory Board at Signum Biosciences, Inc. He served as the Chairman of Department of Molecular Biology at Princeton University since 1996. He served as a Member of Scientific Advisory Board at Cell Genesys Inc., since 1997 and served as its Director since August 2001. He served as a Director of Gilead Palo Alto Inc. since December 16, 2012. He is the James A. Elkins Professor of Life Sciences in the Department of Molecular Biology at Princeton University. Dr. Shenk has been a Director of Kadmon Holdings, Inc. since 2014 and serves as its member of Scientific Advisory Board since December 2013. He serves as a Member of the National Academy of Sciences, the Institute of Medicine, the American Academy of Arts and Sciences and the American Academy of Microbiology. He has done extensive work with adenovirus. He has published more than 225 scientific papers in various journals and has authored multiple patents in the area of transcriptional regulation, molecular oncology and virology. He was trained as a Postdoctoral Fellow in Molecular Biology at Nobel laureate Paul Berg at Stanford Medical Center, Stanford University. He has received numerous career honors and awards. Dr. Shenk has B.S. in Biology from the University of Detroit and Ph.D. in Microbiology from Rutgers University.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
3805 Old Easton RoadDoylestown, Pennsylvania 18902United StatesPhone: 267-893-6755Fax: 215-489-4920
Board Members Memberships
Chairman of Scientific Advisory Board and DirectorKaro Bio USA, Inc.DirectorFox Chase Cancer CenterTrusteeThe Merck Company FoundationDirectorOrigen Therapeutics, Inc.Founder and DirectorFORGE Life Science, LLCChairman of the Board and Member of Scientific Advisory BoardMeiraGTx Limited2012-PresentDirectorHepatitis B Foundation2014-PresentDirector and Member of Scientific Advisory BoardKadmon Holdings, Inc.2015-PresentDirectorVical Incorporated
Education
PhD Rutgers, The State University of New JerseyBS University Of Detroit Mercy
Other Affiliations
Cell Genesys, Inc.Gilead Palo Alto, Inc.Karo Bio USA, Inc.Somatix Therapy Corp.Vical IncorporatedMerck & Co., Inc.Rutgers, The State University of New JerseyUniversity Of Detroit MercyFox Chase Cancer CenterThe Merck Company FoundationThe Sage Group, Inc.Origen Therapeutics, Inc.Signum Biosciences, Inc.Kadmon Holdings, Inc.Hepatitis B FoundationPMV Pharmaceuticals, Inc.MeiraGTx Limited


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact FORGE Life Science, LLC, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Thomas E Shenk - Washington, DC | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Thomas E Shenk in Washington, DC


Thomas E Shenk

                                                Intelius found that Thomas E Shenk  is  a male from Washington, DC.  We have connected them to
                3 addresses,
                2 phones,
                and 0 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Thom  Shenk


Get Report Now

Thomas Has Lived In

Washington, DC
Arlington, VA







Thomas E Shenk



GenderMale



Professional Status
President at Rolfing Insight



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Thomas? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Thomas, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Thomas E Shenk
Get a Criminal Check on Thomas E Shenk
Get a Public Record Report on Thomas E Shenk
Get a People Search Report on Thomas E Shenk


Thomas E Shenk's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Thomas E Shenk has lived as well as Thomas E Shenk's phone numbers and email addresses.




Thomas E Shenk Has Lived in 2 States
Washington D.C. Address for Thomas E Shenk


200 I*********** A** S* 

Washington, DC


Has Lived In

Washington, DC
Arlington, VA


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Thomas E Shenk

(253) ***-**** - Arlington, VA 
(202) ***-**** - Washington, DC 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Thomas E Shenk

t****k@***.gov
t**********k@***.org
t**************k@***.mil


Get Email Report




Thomas E Shenk's Professional Information
Information regarding Thomas E Shenk's professional history.  Find out previous places Thomas E Shenk has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Thomas E Shenk Has Worked at 5 Places
Company: Rolfing Insight
               Title: President
Company: American Society for Training and Development
               Title: President
Thomas E Shenk's Experience
Title: President
               Company: Rolfing Insight
Job Details

Title: President
               Company: American Society for Training and Development
Job Details
               The American Society for Microbiology, headquartered in Washington, D.C., is the largest single life science association, with 42,000 members worldwide. The ASM's mission is to gain a better understanding of basic life processes and to promote the application of this knowledge for improved health and economic and environmental well-being.
Additional Professional Information on Thomas E Shenk

 See Thomas E Shenk's LinkedIn Profile



Thomas E Shenk's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Thomas E Shenk


Thomas E Shenk's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Thomas E Shenk's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Thomas Shenk
Username Matches

                  ThomasShenk
                  ShenkThomas
                  Thomas.Shenk
                  Shenk.Thomas
                  Thomas_Shenk
                  Shenk_Thomas
                  Thomas-Shenk
                  Shenk-Thomas
                  TShenk
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
T Shenk







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.













	Vical - Vical Appoints Dr. Thomas Shenk to Board of Directors














































About Us

OverviewCorporate GovernanceBoard of Directors

Board Committees

ManagementCareers

Technology

DNA Technology

Poloxamer Delivery System

Vaxfectin® AdjuvantPublications

Products

PipelineASP0113 Therapeutic CMV VaccineCyMVectin™ Prophylactic CMV VaccineVCL-HB01 Therapeutic HSV-2 VaccineVL-2397 AntifungalOther Products

Apex®-IHNDengue VaccineONCEPT®



Clinical Trials

Overview & Active Programs

Investors

OverviewStock InformationNews ReleasesEvents & PresentationsSEC Filings

Contact Us

Contact InfoDirections to VicalCareers








 


NASDAQ | VICL:
2.69

 +0.04











Investors














Overview





Stock Information





News Releases






Events & Presentations






SEC Filings










OverviewStock InformationNews ReleasesEvents & PresentationsSEC Filings









Home / Investors / News Releases / News Release Details












Vical Appoints Dr. Thomas Shenk to Board of Directors
12/21/2015



Download this News Release 






SAN DIEGO, Dec.  21, 2015  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Vical Incorporated (Nasdaq:VICL), a biotechnology company developing vaccines and therapeutics for prevention and treatment of infectious diseases, today announced that Thomas E. Shenk, Ph.D. will join Vical’s Board of Directors. Dr. Shenk, currently the James A. Elkins Professor in the Life Sciences at Princeton University, is a pre-eminent virologist and leading expert on human cytomegalovirus. His appointment to the Board was effective December 18, 2015, and Stephen A. Sherwin, M.D., stepped down at that time.
“We are extremely pleased to have Tom join us on the Board, as this significantly enhances our infectious disease expertise,” said Vijay Samant, President and Chief Executive Officer of Vical. “His understanding of CMV is virtually unparalleled and will be critically important to us as we continue to advance our ASP0113 CMV vaccine program with Astellas. During 2016, we anticipate that Astellas will have top line data from the Phase 2 trial in kidney transplant patients and complete enrollment in the Phase 3 trial in hematopoietic stem cell transplant recipients, which is expected to read out during 2017.” Dr. Shenk’s research has focused on gene functions and pathogenesis of adenovirus, a DNA tumor virus, and, more recently, human cytomegalovirus. His laboratory’s current areas of focus include the use of genetic and proteomic approaches for the dissection of cytomegalovirus gene functions and the cellular response to infection, as well as the development and analysis of models for study of viral latency. Dr. Shenk is a fellow of the American Academy of Microbiology and the American Academy of Arts and Sciences. He is also a member of the U.S. National Academy of Sciences and the U.S. National Academy of Medicine. He is a past president of the American Society for Virology and the American Society for Microbiology, and he served on the board of directors of Merck & Company for 11 years. He currently serves on several boards, including the Forge Life Science, Kadmon Corporation and MeiraGTx.      Samant continued, “The Board and I are are also grateful to Steve for his contributions to Vical. His scientific and business acumen and industry experience have been extremely valuable, and were particularly vital when oncology was a focus in our portfolio.” About Vical Vical develops biopharmaceutical products for the prevention and treatment of chronic or life-threatening infectious diseases, based on its patented DNA delivery technologies and other therapeutic approaches. Additional information on Vical is available at www.vical.com. Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected. Forward-looking statements include anticipated developments in collaborative programs, including the timing of data for clinical trials. Risks and uncertainties include whether Vical or others will continue development of  ASP0113; whether any product candidates will be shown to be safe and efficacious in clinical trials; whether Vical is able to continue its collaborative arrangements or enter into new ones; the timing of clinical trials; whether Vical or its collaborative partners will seek or gain approval to market any product candidates; and additional risks set forth in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These forward-looking statements represent the Company's judgment as of the date of this release. The Company disclaims, however, any intent or obligation to update these forward-looking statements.
Contact: Andrew Hopkins
  (858) 646-1127
  Website:  www.vical.com


Source: Vical Incorporated



















About Us

OverviewCorporate GovernanceBoard of Directors

Board Committees

ManagementCareers

Technology

DNA Technology

Poloxamer Delivery System

Vaxfectin® AdjuvantPublications

Products

PipelineASP0113 Therapeutic CMV VaccineCyMVectin™ Prophylactic CMV VaccineVCL-HB01 Therapeutic HSV-2 VaccineVL-2397 AntifungalOther Products

Apex®-IHNDengue VaccineONCEPT®



Clinical Trials

Overview & Active Programs

Investors

OverviewStock InformationNews ReleasesEvents & PresentationsSEC Filings

Contact Us

Contact InfoDirections to VicalCareers









CONNECT WITH US


RSS Feeds Email Alerts LinkedIn Slideshare StockTwits Twitter YouTube 




 © 2017 Vical Inc.
    



Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Site Map




P. 858 646 1100
10390 Pacific Center Court, San Diego, California 92121
    



        Designed by Mentus



Powered By Q4 Inc. 4.5.0.5


        This link to a non-Vical website is provided as a resource. Vical assumes no responsibility for content not provided by Vical, or for practices or standards of any non-Vical websites.
    














Thomas E. Shenk | DeBord Snyder Funeral Home & Crematory









































































 Through four generations we have been committed to creating meaningful services for the families of the Lancaster area. Call 24 hours: (717) 394-4097

You are here: Home / Obituaries / Thomas E. ShenkThomas E. Shenk
On January 25, 2017,  Thomas E. Shenk peacefully left this earthly plane to ascend back to the stars. He fought a courageous battle with cancer with his amazing strength, dignity, and will to live.
He leaves behind his loving wife Celeste of 27 years.
In his travels throughout his short but full life he made so many friends, too numerous to count. He traveled the United States, Canada and Ireland. He lived in Venezuela, Florida and Philadelphia. His favorite vacation spot was Sea Isle City NJ every September.  He loved the Lobster House in Cape May and shopping in Stone Harbor for Tommy Bahama Clothing.
Earlier in life he attended McCaskey High. He then worked road construction with McMinns Asphalt then  went into car sales, selling Hondas in Florida, Philadelphia and Jones of Lancaster and Toyota and Mazda.  Tom then had his own pressure washing business, Under Pressure Inc. for 26 years until his retirement in 2015 due to his illness.
Tom and Celeste had an enduring love for Maine Coon Cats. They raised several and leaves behind six who will miss him dearly. He also had a love for cars and bragged how he owned 36 cars in his lifetime. His last obsession was BMW’s; you never knew when he was coming home with a new one.
Other than his wife and animals he leaves behind his baby brother Bobby and his wife Heather of Palm Harbor Florida,  his sister Shirley and her husband Todd of Reading  PA.  and many  nieces and nephews and one great nephew. He is preceded in death by his parents Robert and Dolly Shenk and a sister Sally.
“Tom, you were everything to me. You provided for everyone and people just gravitated to you because of your strength, your advice, and your hospitality. You were quite the entertainer in your Eagles and Packers Sports Bar in the basement. You followed and idolized the late great Vince Lombardi, studying what it takes to be number one. You were a leader not a follower and lived your life your way as Frank Sinatra.
Fly upward my love for I will meet you on the other side someday along with our beautiful cats, family and friends. Until then I love you forever, your shining star Celeste.
I would like to thank the staff and oncologists at Keystone Cancer along with Hospice and nurses at Lancaster Regional Hospital for the wonderful care and support for us both.
To honor Tom’s life, please make a donation to your local animal shelter.
Please join Celeste, to casually celebrate Tom’s life on Sunday February 12, 2017 from 2 to 6 p.m. at Four Seasons Country Club, Landisville Pa.
Offer Condolence for the family of Thomas E. Shenk Print Obituary & Condolences








Condolence Messages




Bomb and Mindy 
January 28, 2017 at 4:21 pm 

Celeste, So sorry to hear of the passing of Tom.  We are hoping you will find comfort and peace at this difficult time  My mother  also sends her condolences.  We will be thinking of you until we see you Feb. 12.

Reply






Karen (Weaver) Shenk 
January 29, 2017 at 8:47 am 

Celeste,
So very sorry for the loss of your husband.  Please know that my thoughts and prayers are with you at this time.

Reply






Ray Hottenstein, the Greenfield Restaurant 
January 30, 2017 at 8:20 am 

To Celeste,
Please accept our deepest sympathy and condolences for your loss of Tom. What a big personality he was and we enjoyed! Our contact was business over the 25 or so years of time and it was a short time too. I will miss the political discussions and the laughs we had as he kept our systems clean. I hope he had a peaceful journey.

Reply






Garry Hess 
January 31, 2017 at 8:06 am 

Celeste,
We are very sorry to hear of Tom’s passing.   
Garry and Margie

Reply






Robin kann (micks) 
February 7, 2017 at 10:33 am 

Celeste, it’s robin from micks. I just found out about Tom! I’m so sorry for your loss

Reply


 
Leave Your Condolence Cancel reply 
				Please share your message of condolence with the family, It will be visible to the public but your email address will not be published. Required fieldsCondolenceName * 
Email * 
 

 

Tell A Friend




Your Name*

Your Email*

Their Name*

Their Email*

MessageNameThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.

 









Obituary Notification Service

Enter your email address if you would like to be notified when a new obituary notice is posted:

 








Proud Members Of:




 

Directions
Orange Street Location


Lancaster, PA & Area Weather


141 East Orange Street, PA 17602
July 21, 2017, 1:01 pm


Cloudy88°F

sunrise: 5:54 am
sunset: 8:29 pm





 
 Marietta Avenue Location


Connect With Us Online
FacebookGoogle+RSSTwitterYouTube
Obituary Notification Service

Enter your email address if you would like to be notified when a new obituary notice is posted:

 









Click Here to Download Our Forms



























Human Cytomegalovirus G Protein-Coupled Receptors - Thomas Shenk
 
    







































Toggle navigation








   
Home
Search
Services
Blog
Contact
About


















Human Cytomegalovirus G Protein-Coupled Receptors

Shenk, Thomas E.   
                Princeton University, Princeton, NJ, United States


























  See 146 grants from Thomas Shenk

  See 6547 grants from Princeton University




Abstract
Funding
Institution
Related projects
Publications
Comments




 Recent in Grantomics:

University of California San Francisco vs. funders. Who wins? Read more...
How should you pick the next fundable research topic? Read more...




 Recently viewed grants:

Maintenance of Models of Human Hemophilia and VWD
Optimization of S1P3 antagonists for fibrotic disease
RNases and RNA Metabolism in Bacteria
Anatomical Origins of Somatosensory Cortical Magnification in the Star-nosed Mole
The BEACON Coalition's DFC Project




 Recently added grants:

Retinal neuronal signaling in early diabetes
Pathogenesis and CRISPR/Cas9 Correction of TCF4 Expansion in Fuchs Dystrophy
Inducing NK cells to remember and fight cancer
Childhood CV Risk and Adult CVD Outcomes: an International Long-term Follow-up
Childhood Origins of CHD Disparities: Neural & Immune Pathways









 
              Abstract




Human cytomegalovirus is the prototypical member of the beta-herpes virus family. Epidemiological studies have shown that human cytomegalovirus infection is widespread. In healthy individuals infection is generally asymptomatic, but the virus can cause serious disease in people with immature or compromised immune systems. It is the leading infectious disease cause of birth defects and a life-threatening adventitious agent in transplant recipients. The long-term objective of this research program is to elucidate the function of human cytomegalovirus genes that regulate the interaction of the virus with its host cell and thereby control viral replication and pathogenesis. This proposal is designed to contribute to the understanding of several of the G protein-coupled receptors encoded by HCMV. One of the receptors to be studied is the product of the US28 gene. Preliminary studies have shown that a mutant human cytomegalovirus lacking the US28 coding region exhibits an accelerated pattern of gene expression after infection of G0 fibroblasts; early and late mRNAs accumulate long before they are detected in wild-type virus-infected fibroblasts. In the absence of the US28 receptor, the time-dependent cascade of immediate-early, early and late gene expression observed in wild-type virus infections is disrupted. The first specific aim seeks to characterize the effects of HCMV-coded pUS28 on the transcriptional cascade within multiple infected cell types and explore the mechanism of pUS28 action. The second G protein-coupled receptor to be studied is the product of the UL78 gene. The murine cytomegalovirus homologue of this gene is packaged into virions, and, after the receptor is delivered to cells by fusion of the virion envelope with the plasma membrane, it facilitates activation of the viral m123 immediate-early gene. In the second specific aim human cytomegalovirus mutants that do not express the UL78 product will be characterized in multiple cell types to explore the function of that receptor. This project will include analysis of a laboratory strain (AD169) and two clinical isolates (VR1814, FIX; and PH) of human cytomegalovirus. Viral replication will be studied in fibroblasts, the cell commonly used to propagate HCMV; aortic endothelial and smooth muscle cells, which are relevant to the possible role of HCMV in atherosclerosis; retinal pigmented epithelial cells, which are infected in viral retinitis; and macrophages, which facilitate virus spread.




 
              Funding Agency







AgencyNational Institute of Health (NIH)
InstituteNational Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID)
TypeResearch Project (R01) 
Project #1R01AI063335-01 
Application #6859163
Study SectionExperimental Virology Study Section (EVR) 
Program OfficerBeisel, Christopher E 




Project Start2005-01-01
Project End2009-12-31
Budget Start2005-01-01
Budget End2005-12-31
Support Year1
Fiscal Year2005
Total Cost$316,000
Indirect Cost







 
              Institution







NamePrinceton University 
DepartmentBiochemistry
TypeSchools of Arts and Sciences
DUNS #002484665




CityPrinceton
StateNJ
CountryUnited States
Zip Code08544







 
              Related projects














NIH 2009R01 AI
Human Cytomegalovirus G Protein-Coupled ReceptorsShenk, Thomas E. / Princeton University
$293,932


NIH 2008R01 AI
Human Cytomegalovirus G Protein-Coupled ReceptorsShenk, Thomas E. / Princeton University
$293,932


NIH 2007R01 AI
Human Cytomegalovirus G Protein-Coupled ReceptorsShenk, Thomas E. / Princeton University
$299,625


NIH 2006R01 AI
Human Cytomegalovirus G Protein-Coupled ReceptorsShenk, Thomas E. / Princeton University
$308,574


NIH 2005R01 AI
Human Cytomegalovirus G Protein-Coupled ReceptorsShenk, Thomas E. / Princeton University
$316,000







 
              Publications








        O'Connor, Christine M;  Shenk, Thomas (2012) Human cytomegalovirus pUL78 G protein-coupled receptor homologue is required for timely cell entry in epithelial cells but not fibroblasts. J Virol 86:11425-33
      



        O'Connor, Christine M;  Shenk, Thomas (2011) Human cytomegalovirus pUS27 G protein-coupled receptor homologue is required for efficient spread by the extracellular route but not for direct cell-to-cell spread. J Virol 85:3700-7
      








 
              Comments




  Be the first to comment on Thomas Shenk's grant













            Share this grant: 
              : 
              : 
            





Search 



















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















thomas e shenk - WOW.com - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation

















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images




Reference


Reference










We Found Thomas Shenk | peoplelooker.com



Ad
 ·
www.peoplelooker.com/​Thomas Shenk



1) Thomas Shenk's Phone 2) Address 3) Age & More. Search Free!





Uncover Potential Relatives



Photos & Videos



Historical Deeds




Location History



Email Address



Monitor Social Info





Thomas Shenk's History - Thomas Shenk's Past Available Online.



Ad
 ·
Records.TruthFinder.com



Thomas Shenk's Past Available Online. Simply Search a Name and State.





Search Records Now



Best Background Check



Find Out the Truth




Learn More



Best People Search



Search Arrest Records




Web Results

Thomas E. Shenk, Ph.D. - Department of Molecular Biology

molbio.princeton.edu/faculty/molbio-faculty/130-shenk


Thomas E. Shenk. Thomas Laboratory - 203. ... Associated Faculty. Peter Andolfatto. ... 119 Lewis Thomas Laboratory Washington Road


Thomas E. Shenk | Department of Molecular Biology

https://molbio.princeton.edu/people/thomas-e-shenk


Thomas Shenk, Ph.D., is the James A. Elkins Professor of Life Sciences in the Department of Molecular Biology at Princeton University. He is a virologist, who has ...


Thomas E. Shenk Ph.D.: Executive Profile & Biography ...

https://www.bloomberg.com/research/stocks/private/person.asp?...


Dr. Thomas E. Shenk, also known as Tom, Ph.D., Co-founded PMV Pharmaceutcals, Inc. in 2013. Dr. Shenk is the Founder at Novalon and FORGE Life Science, LLC. He is a ...


Thomas Shenk - Wikipedia

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thomas_Shenk


Thomas E. Shenk is the James A. Elkins Jr. Professor in the Life Sciences in the department of Molecular Biology at Princeton University. Although his publications ...


Thomas E. Shenk | DeBord Snyder Funeral Home & Crematory

www.debordsnyder.com/thomas-e-shenk


On January 25, 2017, Thomas E. Shenk peacefully left this earthly plane to ascend back to the stars. He fought a courageous battle with cancer with his am


Thomas Shenk | Whitepages

www.whitepages.com/name/Thomas-Shenk


View phone, address history, email, public records for the 43 people named Thomas Shenk. Whitepages is the most trusted directory.


Thomas E. Shenk - NNDB

www.nndb.com/people/522/000169015


Thomas E. Shenk. Princeton Molecular Biologist. Gender: Male Race or Ethnicity: White Occupation: Biologist. Nationality: United States Executive summary: Princeton ...


Thomas E. Shenk | Obituaries | lancasteronline.com

lancasteronline.com/obituaries/thomas-e-shenk/article_8024b8f8-fe...


On January 25, 2017, Thomas E. Shenk peacefully left this earthly plane to ascend back to the stars. He fought a courageous battle with cancer with his amazing ...


Thomas Shenk Obituary - Lancaster, Pennsylvania - Tributes.com

www.tributes.com/obituary/show/Thomas-E.-Shenk-104401334


Death record and obituary for Thomas E. Shenk from Lancaster, Pennsylvania.


Thomas Shenk | Center for Health and Wellbeing

https://chw.princeton.edu/people/thomas-shenk


Thomas E. Shenk, PHD, is the James A. Elkins Professor of Life Sciences in the Department of Molecular Biology at Princeton University. He is a virologist, who has ...










We Found Thomas Shenk | peoplelooker.com



Ad
 ·
www.peoplelooker.com/​Thomas Shenk



1) Thomas Shenk's Phone 2) Address 3) Age & More. Search Free!





Uncover Potential Relatives



Photos & Videos



Historical Deeds




Location History



Email Address



Monitor Social Info





Thomas Shenk's History - Thomas Shenk's Past Available Online.



Ad
 ·
Records.TruthFinder.com



Thomas Shenk's Past Available Online. Simply Search a Name and State.





Search Records Now



Best Background Check



Find Out the Truth




Learn More



Best People Search



Search Arrest Records



12345Next






Answers







Thomas Shenk



Thomas E. Shenk is the James A. Elkins Jr. Professor in the Life Sciences in the department of Molecular Biology at Princeton University. Although his...

more






E. Thomas



E. Thomas is an Italian fabric mill established in Brusimpiano in 1922 by Ernesto Thomas. The mill's fabrics include a range of blends combining wool...

more






USS Thomas E. Fraser



USS Thomas E. Fraser (DD-736/DM-24) was a destroyer minelayer in the United States Navy. She was named for Commander Thomas E. Fraser (1901–1942)....

more



















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | About our Ads
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Part of the AOL Search Network.








