    Jason Shiver | amplify snack brands, inc | ZoomInfo.com

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Jason Shiver: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 3:29 PM ET
Food Products

Company Overview of Amplify Snack Brands, Inc.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Jason   Shiver  Executive Advisor, Amplify Snack Brands, Inc.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 0 Board Members in 0 different organizations across 1 different industries.44$990,710As of Fiscal Year 2016
Background

		Mr. Jason Shiver has been North America President and Executive Vice President at Amplify Snack Brands, Inc. since October 6, 2016. prior to that, Mr. Shiver served as the Executive Vice President of Sales & Marketing at Amplify Snack Brands, Inc. from December 2014 to October 6, 2016 and as its Senior Vice President of Sales from July 2014 December 2015. Mr. Shiver served as Vice President of Sales at SkinnyPop from May 2013 to July 2014. From April 2012 to December ... 2013, he served as General Manager and Senior Vice President of Sales for Rickland Orchards, LLC, a yogurt snack company. From February 2008 to March 2012, Mr. Shiver served as the Senior Vice President of Sales and Marketing at Glutino USA, Inc., a gluten-free snack food company, which was acquired by Boulder Brands, Inc., a diversified food company. From May 2003 to January 2008, Mr. Shiver held several roles at Atkins Nutritionals, Inc., the leader in low-carb foods and beverages, including Vice President of Sales. From September 2001 to May 2003, he was a Southeast Regional Sales Manager at Acirca, Inc., an organic foods and beverages company. From August 2000 to September 2001, he was a National Account Manager at Arizona Beverages USA LLC. Mr. Shiver holds a Bachelor of Science in Marketing from University of South Florida.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
500 West 5th StreetAustin, Texas 78701United StatesPhone: 512-600-9893Fax: 512-640-8757
Board Members Memberships
				There is no Board Members Memberships data available.
				Education
BS University of South Florida
Other Affiliations
University of South Florida


Annual Compensation
Salary$300,000Total Annual Compensation$300,000
Stocks Options
All Other Compensation$13,800Unexercisable Options$150,000Total Number of Options$150,000
Total Compensation
Total Annual Cash Compensation$454,200Total Short Term Compensation$300,000Other Long Term Compensation$13,800Total Calculated Compensation$990,710




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONNamePosition/CompanyCompensationJohn C. Miller Chief Executive Officer, President and DirectorDenny's Corporation$844.6KRichard J. Dahl Chairman and Interim Chief Executive OfficerDineEquity, Inc.--Molly A. Hemmeter Chief Executive Officer, President and DirectorLandec Corporation$426.0KJ. Michael Townsley President, CEO & DirectorBob Evans Farms, Inc.$400.0KMichael H. Keown Chief Executive Officer, President and DirectorFarmer Bros. Co.$1.2MCompensation as of Fiscal Year 2016.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Amplify Snack Brands, Inc., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Jason Michael Shiver - New Port Richey, FL | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Jason Michael Shiver in New Port Richey, FL


Jason Michael Shiver

                                                                           Intelius found that Jason Michael Shiver  is  a male between 40 and 50 years old from New Port Richey, FL.  We have connected them to
                18 addresses,
                11 phones,
                and 5 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Age

Jason Michael Shiver is in his 40s

Jason Has Lived In

New Port Richey, FL
Fairfield, NJ
Crystal Beach, FL

Jason's Relatives

Kristen Shiver
Linda Patterson
Levis Shiver
Robert Shiver







Jason Michael Shiver



Zodiac SignSagittarius



GenderMale



Professional Status
Vice President of Sales at Atkins Nutritionals, Inc.



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Jason? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Jason, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Jason Michael Shiver
Get a Criminal Check on Jason Michael Shiver
Get a Public Record Report on Jason Michael Shiver
Get a People Search Report on Jason Michael Shiver


Jason Michael Shiver's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Jason Michael Shiver has lived as well as Jason Michael Shiver's phone numbers and email addresses.




Jason Michael Shiver Has Lived in 5 States
Florida Address for Jason Michael Shiver


1725 N****** T****** D* 

New Port Richey, FL


Has Lived In

New Port Richey, FL
Fairfield, NJ


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Jason Michael Shiver

(727) ***-**** - New Port Richey, FL 
(727) ***-**** - New Port Richey, FL 
() ***-**** - Austin, TX 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Jason Michael Shiver



Get Email Report




Jason Michael Shiver's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about Jason Michael Shiver's academic history.  Find out which schools Jason Michael Shiver attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees Jason Michael Shiver received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Jason Michael Shiver Has Attended 1 School
University of South Florida Jason Michael Shiver has a B.S. in Marketing               


Jason Michael Shiver's Professional Information
Information regarding Jason Michael Shiver's professional history.  Find out previous places Jason Michael Shiver has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Jason Michael Shiver Has Worked at 5 Places
Company: Atkins Nutritionals, Inc.
               Title: Vice President of Sales
Company: Amplify Snack Brands, Inc
               Title: Executive Vice President of Sales and Marketing
Jason Michael Shiver's Experience
Title: Vice President of Sales
               Company: Atkins Nutritionals, Inc.
Job Details
               Atkins Nutritionals Inc. is a leading player in the multi-billion dollar weight control nutrition category and offers a powerful lifetime approach to weight loss and weight management. The Atkins Nutritional Approach™ focuses on a healthy diet with reduced levels of refined carbohydrates and refined sugars and encourages the consumption of lean protein, fibre, fruits, vegetables and good fats. Backed by research and consumer success stories, this approach allows the body to burn more fat and work more efficiently while helping people feel less hungry, more satisfied and more energetic. We manufacture and sell a variety of nutrition bars and shakes designed around the nutrition principles of the Atkins Diet. The Atkins line of products appeals to a broad audience of men and women who want to achieve their weight management goals and enjoy a healthier lifestyle. Our products are available throughout Canada, the United States and internationally.
Title: Executive Vice President of Sales and Marketing
               Company: Amplify Snack Brands, Inc
Job Details
               Headquartered in Austin, Texas, Amplify Snack Brands is a high growth snack food company focused on developing and marketing products that appeal to consumers' growing preference for Better-For-You (BFY) snacks. Our brands SkinnyPop, Tyrrells, Paqui and Oatmega embody our BFY mission of "snacking without compromise" and have amassed a loyal customer base across a wide range of food distribution channels in the United States, United Kingdom, Canada, Europe and Australia.
Additional Professional Information on Jason Michael Shiver

 See Jason Michael Shiver's LinkedIn Profile



Jason Michael Shiver's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Jason Michael Shiver


Jason Michael Shiver's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Jason Michael Shiver's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Jason Shiver
Username Matches

                  JasonShiver
                  ShiverJason
                  Jason.Shiver
                  Shiver.Jason
                  Jason_Shiver
                  Shiver_Jason
                  Jason-Shiver
                  Shiver-Jason
                  JShiver
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
J Shiver







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.














Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















Where to Buy | JĀSÖN - Natural Pioneer since 1959



































Google+




JĀSÖN 
THE JĀSÖN STORYBODY LOVING PRODUCTSNEWSROOMWHERE TO BUY

FACE

Crèmes

Gentle Basics™

C-Effects™

Makeup Remover

Scrub



BODY

Soap & Bath

Body Wash

Foaming Shower Oils

Hand Soap



Skin Care

Hand & Body Lotions



Therapy Oils & Gels

Skin Oil

Gel



Deodorant

Stick

Dry Spray



Shave Therapy

Shaving Lotion

Shave Oil





HAIR

Hair Care

Shampoos

Conditioners

Styling



Therapy Hair Care

Thin To Thick®

Normalizing Tea Tree

Dandruff Relief®





ORAL

Fluoride-Free Toothpaste (Paste & Gel)

Fluoride Toothpaste (Gel)

Mouthwash

Simply Coconut™



SUN

SPF

Quit Bugging Me!®



MEN

KIDS

Kids Only!



GLUTEN FREE



Signup for Newsletter

Facebook
Instagram



Search this site: 

















HomeWhere to Buy 
Where to Buy Your browser does not support iFrames.





  






JĀSÖN - Natural Pioneer since 1959

US

CA
JP
EN




Facebook
FAQ
Glossary
Sitemap
Privacy Policy
Contact Us












Jason Aungst Shiver from FL Police Arrest Report ID 1364871


 








 







Police Arrest Reports


Home
Search Statistics
Recent
Arrests
Login
Available on the App Store




















Select State
Nationwide
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming
 












Home



Florida



Pasco


Jason Aungst Shiver

 









Police Report for Jason Aungst Shiver
Police Arrests Record ID: 1364871





GET MORE
								INFO







Suspect First Name
											JASON

Suspect Last Name
											SHIVER

Suspect Middle Name
											AUNGST







Aliases
											







Date of Birth
											02-15-1972 00:00:00

Arrest Date
											02-27-2006 03:00:00

Age
											41 

Sex
											Male

Race
											White

Ethnicity
											







Height
											6-01 

Weight
											175 

Hair
											Brown 

Eye
											Brown 

Place of Birth
											Florida







Address
											4650  20TH STREET 

State
											Florida







Total Bond
											5000

Booking Date
											2006-02-27 04:45:42

Location
											







Summary
											
												Pasco County Law Enforcement arrested 41 -year-old Jason Aungst Shiver on February 27, 2006. The charge against Shiver is GRAND THEFT . He weighs 175  with brown  hair and brown  eyes;   Shiver and all others arrested are presumed innocent until proven guilty. To get more information about this arrest, contact one of the local police agencies below: Pasco County Law Enforcement.											




 







Statute code/Charge
											GRAND THEFT 

Level
											







Charge: GRAND THEFT 													 
Degree: 													 
Level: 

Bond: 5000 
Court Type: 

Charging Agency: 

Arresting Agency: 






Get Full Report
*Average report length is 21 pages







Who is Jason Aungst Shiver?
Jason Shiver is a 41 -year-old Male.


When was Jason Shiver arrested?
According to Pasco County Law Enforcement, Jason was arrested on February 27, 2006.


What was Jason Aungst Shiver arrested for?
Shiver Jason was arrested on charges of GRAND THEFT .


Is this a mug shot of Jason Shiver?
This mug shot of Jason is provided by Pasco County Law Enforcement


Are any other mug shots of Jason Aungst Shiver available?
Additional mug shots of Shiver Jason may be available from Pasco County Law Enforcement.


How tall is Jason Shiver?
Jason is 6-01  tall.


How much does Jason weigh?
Jason Shiver weighs 175  lbs.


What color is Jason's hair?
Jason's hair is brown .


What is Jason's eye color?
Shiver Jason's eyes are brown .




DISCLAIMER: Arrest records of
						Jason Aungst Shiver are public documents for informational purposes only.
						All suspects are considered innocent until proven guilty, and publication here does not indicate
						that Jason Aungst Shiver has committed a criminal offense.
						This information should not be used to determine Jason Aungst Shiver's eligibility for credit,
						employment, housing or other business transactions.
						Contact the law enforcement officials in Florida for further information
						on Jason Aungst Shiver's legal status.


If you have more information about Jason Aungst Shiver, please share below 



*Use the contact form to speak with a representative


Recently Arrested in Pasco, Florida


Thyron Smith									


William Carpenter									


Mark Edward Stevens									


Jennifer R Watkins									


James Carlos Morgan									


Gary Joseph Hartmann									


Amanda Marie Olson									


Jimmie Jackson									


William Joseph Ohrmund									


Robert Allan Anderson									


Edwin Ballester Jimenez									


Justin Case Lebarron									


Lewis James Davis									


Doreen Ann Darby									


Jeffrey Blaine Salyers									


Corinne Michelle Novak									


Kevin Roy Kinney									


Robert Edwin Rague									


Maurice Brandon Blacher									


Michael Lewis Gabbard									


Terry Odell Morris									


Luke Aaron Howell									


David James Crawford									


Kathryn Kelly Mortimer									


























New Events — Shiver Art



































                
                  Shiver Art
                
              











New Events








Events - 事件






Pan Gallery



Artists are known for going above and beyond in an effort to live their dream.  But local Tampa artist Jason Shiver has taken it to the extreme.  Living in Shanghai China for the past year, Shiver has used his artistic ability to implement Disney Imagineers design plans and help insure the quality building of Disney’s newest park, Shanghai Disneyland. Being a part of this epic undertaking has had its’ own creative inspirations.  Embedded in a sea of cultural creativity, Shiver has embraced the Shanghainese way of life and in what little free time he had, created a new work which was accepted into a two-city Disney art show in Shanghai and Anaheim CA.  Not stopping there, his body of work also caught the eye of Tokyo Pan Gallery, whose connections to Shanghai, Hong Kong and Tokyo have changed the game for this long-standing Florida artist.  Scheduled for the beginning of 2017, Shiver has been invited to share a select body of his work, which transcends all cultures and captures the celebration of nature universally revered.   These works shall be on display for three months with potential for visiting additional cities throughout China and Japan.-VIEW EVENTS-All images used with permission from Moira Shiver and Jason Shiver.
















Shiver 



















































































                 
We are Shiver


A Miami-based software development company focused on the design and development
of video games and video game production.

 


WE’RE ON A MISSION.
Our goal is to create the world’s best games and build a great company while we’re at it.

 



WE KNOW GAMES.
Shiver leadership has led some of the industry’s largest companies and helped shape some of its most successful franchises, including Madden, FIFA, Call of Duty, Guitar Hero, and Zynga’s Ville games.

                  
Our Team







John Schappert

 


John Schappert is Chief Executive Officer of Shiver. John’s career spans over twenty years in the video game industry – as a developer and operating executive. He started his career as a Programmer on such hits as John Madden Football for the Super NES. He founded Tiburon Entertainment in 1994, which was acquired by Electronic Arts in 1998. At EA, John served in various executive positions ranging from Vice President to Chief Operating Officer. John has also served as a Corporate Vice President at Microsoft corporation, overseeing the Xbox LIVE and software businesses. Most recently, John served as the Chief Operating Officer of Zynga, overseeing product development and daily operations.

 







Jason Andersen

 


Jason Andersen co-founded Shiver Entertainment and serves as Vice President of Technology, where he spends much of his time writing some of the world’s best mobile code. Jason co-founded Tiburon Entertainment and founded developer Budcat Creations, which was acquired by Activision. He has worked on some of the industry’s largest franchises including Madden NFL, NHL, Guitar Hero, and, everyone’s favorite, Clay Fighter for the Super NES.

 Living in miami                       



Welcome to sunny Miami, Florida! Get used to summer all year long in this cosmopolitan city with international flair. One of the world’s most popular vacation spots, Miami offers something for everyone.
Family-friendly, affordable Miami is a great place to live, work, and play. Boasting some of the country’s best schools, affordable housing, and nicest weather – it’s hard to find a better place to raise a family. The cost of living in Miami is amongst the most reasonable in the country, with no state income tax and an average home price of $227,000. Enjoy parks, beaches, and true outdoor living all year long in this city by the sea.
Live it up and hit the trendy nightlife of South Beach, bejeweled by the eye candy of the Art Deco district. Experience a new world with the bustle of Calle Ocho and the highly-caffeinated energy of Little Havana. Relax in the plush hotels of Miami Beach, and the historic hideaways of Coral Gables. Seemingly endless shopping opportunities abound in modern, sprawling malls, and the quiet, personal attention offered by the family-owned shops of Coconut Grove.
Miami is a sportsman’s paradise – hit the crystal blue waters for deep-sea fishing, scuba diving, or water-skiing. Stay on land for top-notch golf and tennis. More interested in watching others do the work? Cheer on the Miami Marlins in baseball’s newest stadium, see the World Champion Miami Heat continue their winning streak in the NBA, catch the Miami Dolphins on the gridiron, or root for the Florida Panthers on the ice.
There’s also boat shows, auto racing, and golf tournaments. Want to catch some culture? Miami has art festivals and outdoor food & wine extravaganzas. Looking to get away? Miami has an international airport and the world’s busiest cruise port. The Miami area offers all of this – and so much more!

 Careers                 
Join Shiver!


Join Miami’s newest video game start-up led by some of the most successful veterans in the industry. Shiver offers you the opportunity to join our fast, passionate and collaborative team. If you are looking to make a big impact in a growing game studio, then we want to talk to you!

 PERKS

Stock options
Robust medical, dental, and vision benefits package for you and your family
401(k) program
Substantial paid time off and company holidays

 

Steps from Metro Rail and Metro Bus public transit
Year round sunshine – though we can’t take credit for that one!

Submit Resume





































About Us Video — Shiver Art



































                
                  Shiver Art
                
              











About Us Video








TRANSCENDENCECLICK HERE TO SKIP THE VIDEO AND GO DIRECTLY TO THE HOME PAGE 

Donate










Transcendence T-Shirts-  AVAILABLE NOW



 Jason Shiver - Artist and Sculptor  


 











