







 Vlad Shmunis Builds RingCentral To Disrupt $143 Billion Unified Communications Market
















msn  back to msn home

money










web search














Sign in








Change language & content:

América Latina (español)
Argentina (español)
Australia (English)
België (Nederlands)
Belgique (français)
Brasil (português)
Canada (English)
Canada (français)
Chile (español)
Colombia (español)
Danmark (Dansk)
Deutschland (Deutsch)
España (español)
France (français)
India (English)
Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia)
Ireland (English)
Italia (italiano)
Malaysia (English)
México (español)
Nederland (Nederlands)
New Zealand (English)
Norge (norsk, bokmål)
Österreich (Deutsch)
Perú (español)
Philippines (English)
Polska (polski)
Portugal (Português)
Schweiz (Deutsch)
Singapore (English)
South Africa (English)
Suisse (français)
Suomi (suomi)
Sverige (svenska)
Türkiye (Türkçe)
United Arab Emirates (English)
United Kingdom (English)
United States (English)
United States (español)
Venezuela (español)
Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt)
Ελλάδα (ελληνικά)
Россия (Pусский)
ישראל (עברית)‏
الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏)
المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏)
مصر (العربية‏)
ไทย (ไทย)
한국 (한국어)
中华人民共和国 (简体中文)
台灣 (繁體中文)
日本 (日本語)
香港特别行政區 (繁體中文)



Switch to Latino (Español)



 Feedback



Help



















AdChoices




 

 Vlad Shmunis Builds RingCentral To Disrupt $143 Billion Unified Communications Market












Forbes



Bruce Rogers, Forbes Staff

6/16/2017






SHARE




SHARE




TWEET




SHARE




EMAIL















6 stocks that have raised their dividends for 60 straight years or more









America's 50 worst cities to live in






© Vlad Schmunis, Founder and CEO, RingCentral
 Vlad Schmunis, Founder and CEO, RingCentral
A Series of Forbes Insights Profiles of Thought Leaders Changing the Business Landscape: Vladimir Shmunis, Founder and CEO, RingCentral.











Popular Searches 






Amazon.com Inc
AMZN



▼

1,021.28




-23.26
-2.23%









Starbucks Corp
SBUX



▼

53.56




-6.04
-10.13%









Intel Corp
INTC



▲

35.19




+0.22
+0.61%









Wells Fargo & Co
WFC



▼

53.28




-1.43
-2.61%









The unified communications software and services space remains a growth category as companies of all sizes move their on premises telephone service to the cloud. The global market is expected to reach $143 billion by 2024 according to Grand View Research.Vladimir Shmunis is well aware of those statistics.  He’s the founder and CEO of RingCentral and he’s been at this for a while.“We are the largest UCaaS pure-play provider in the world today. We’ll do close to $500 million in revenues this year. We are on record with the investment community that we are targeting to reach $1 billion revenue in three years – by 2020. So we think we are within a major disruption that is global in nature. This disruption is irreversible. Namely, the fact that business communications solutions are leaving the traditional way of being on-premise to moving into the cloud,” says Shmunis.The publicly-traded, Belmont, CA-headquartered company positions itself as provider of cloud unified communications and collaboration solutions that are more flexible and cost-effective than legacy on-premise systems for today’s mobile and distributed workforces. RingCentral allows modern workers to be connected anywhere and on any device through voice, video, team messaging, collaboration, SMS, conferencing, online meetings, contact center, and fax.  The company counts some 350,000 organizations worldwide as customers.RingCentral is the second go around with business communications solutions for Shmunis.  “Both were done mostly out of ignorance (laughing). And the ignorance part was – and I’m only half-joking here – is I never understood and I don’t understand to this day why communication products needs to be done in a) using a hardware box and b) in a closed-ended manner. So to me from day one, and in my case day one goes back about 25 years, the part that didn’t compute for me personally was why can’t I have a software system which is running on conventional computing devices and that empowers people to communicate the way that they want as opposed to the way that the system wants?”In fact, Shmunis started a company called Ring Zero Systems 25 years ago to set out to do just that long before the Cloud existed. “My background is by the way technical – software engineering – so I, at that time, had no business background whatsoever which was matched by my lack of funds. So the only thing we had to rely on was technology itself.”   Nonetheless, the company became the number one supplier of desktop communication software to the PC OEM channel. The software would come pre-bundled on the system and was one of the early players in voice-enabled PCs. “We built a nice little franchise on that. We shipped tens of millions of units through the OEM channel,” says Shmunis.  He later sold that company to Motorola in ’98 for an undisclosed sum, but purported to be somewhere in the teen millions.   But Shmunis felt the time was right to sell for other reasons.The Price of PCs were dropping precipitously from the hay days of $3,000 to $5,000 models to hundreds of dollars. The margins were shrinking and along with it Ring Zero’s revenue potential. “I saw the writing on the wall. Motorola was a customer at the time and we had good relations. They had their ideas what to do so we ended up doing the deal and it worked out for everyone,” says Shmunis. 





The World's Richest Agree: This Will Impact Everything


See The Tech


 Sponsored by The Motley Fool



In 1999, he took what he learned from the Ring Zero experience, started anew with RingCentral, but with a new recurring revenue, subscription model where he felt he was better in control of his destiny.“The idea was to do recurrent revenue. Sure, go through the channel, but most importantly go straight to the end user.” He had a little bit more money from the sale, but was still writing checks to float the business as the dot com bubble burst.Yet the business continued to grow organically and it wasn’t until 2006 that the company took on institutional funding from Sequoia and Khosler Ventures with $12 million in funding that serve to accelerate RingCentral’s growth.  The company went from $5 million to close to $500 million in sales in eleven years.Shmunis is used to making his own way in the world. He was born in the Ukraine when it was part of the old Soviet Union. His parents immigrated to the U.S. in the seventies and wound up in San Francisco.  Vlad and his younger sister went to public high schools in the city and he later graduated from San Francisco State University with a degree in computer science, followed by his master’s degree from the same school. He began working as an engineer out of school at a small startup in Silicon Valley. “I fairly quickly figured out that as far as a software developer I was okay. I wouldn’t say world class. But I was pretty good at understanding what customers wanted and what engineers could feasibly deliver and moved into the technical management ranks fairly early in life.”After working for a few years in a corporate setting, he realized he didn’t envision a future for himself there. “I really didn’t see myself as part of the traditional corporate world at that time. So my next best thing to do would be work on my own. I like things to move faster and I don’t have a lot of patience for politics and corporate bull,” says Shmunis.  Far from the stereotyped care-free, Silicon Valley start-up entrepreneur, Shmunis was 30 then when he left the corporate world to start Ring Zero and already had a family to support.  “I explained it to my wife, if I’m going to be unhappy anyway let me be unhappy with myself as opposed to with my boss.”“Once we started gaining traction and the product started taking shape and customers started lining up that’s where we go ‘okay well maybe it wasn’t such a bad decision’.”Hard to disagree. As of this writing, Ring Central’s stock price is up 70%  year-to-date  and Synergy Research Group has recognized RingCentral as the #1 worldwide market share leader in both revenue and subscriber seats for Unified Communications as a Service (UCaaS).





Go to MSN Home


Go to MSN Money




MSN has temporarily removed commenting on our websites while we explore better ways for you to engage in discussion on the issues you care about.












AdChoices










AdChoices












AdChoices




 
 More From Forbes








Treasury To Close myRA Retirement Program, Abandoning Low-Income Savers


 Forbes








Billionaire Laurene Powell Jobs Acquires A Majority Stake In The Atlantic


 Forbes








Another Disaster For Wells Fargo: Troubled Bank Admits Selling Unnecessary Auto Insurance


 Forbes













                    Forbes
                


                       View the full site
                    










                Feedback
            







Found the story interesting?
Like us on Facebook to see similar stories


I'm already a fan, don't show this again






Send Feedback
Provide Feedback
Report a Problem


We appreciate your input!



Select a category:

I'm having problems with Top Destinations
I'm having issues searching
I'm having problems with Featured Apps
I see an error in the content
Other



How we can improve?





Please give an overall site rating:









Submit
Close


Privacy Statement


Help


Help & Support



 



























 



Earnings Call Transcripts | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO» 








Earnings Transcripts


  Sectors 


All
Most Popular

Basic Materials
Conglomerates
Consumer Goods
Financial
Healthcare
Industrial Goods
Services
Technology
Utilities










US Ecology's (ECOL) CEO Jeffrey Feeler on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ECOL•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  3:25 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




MTU Aero Engines' (MTUAF) CEO Reiner Winkler on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MTUAF•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  3:17 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Alon USA Partners' (ALDW) CEO Alan Moret on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ALDW•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  3:11 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




American Axle & Manufacturing's (AXL) CEO David Dauch on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


AXL•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  3:07 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Tenneco (TEN) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


TEN•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  3:07 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Covanta's (CVA) CEO Stephen Jones on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CVA•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  3:04 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Weatherford International Plc (WFT) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


WFT•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  3:01 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Aflac Incorporated's (AFL) CEO Dan Amos on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


AFL•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  2:59 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Rockwell Collins (COL) Q3 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


COL•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  2:59 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Comfort Systems' (FIX) CEO Brian Lane on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


FIX•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  2:56 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Hilltop Holdings' (HTH) CEO Jeremy Ford on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HTH•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  2:52 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




AptarGroup's (ATR) CEO Stephan Tanda on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ATR•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  2:50 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Pebblebrook Hotel Trust's (PEB) CEO Jon Bortz on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


PEB•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  2:45 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Universal Truckload Services' (UACL) CEO Jeff Rogers on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


UACL•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  2:44 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Eldorado Gold's (EGO) CEO George Burns on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


EGO•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  2:41 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•2 Comments 



Arthur J Gallagher's (AJG) CEO Patrick Gallagher on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


AJG•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  2:41 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Saia (SAIA) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


SAIA•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  2:41 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Capital Product's (CPLP) CEO Jerry Kalogiratos on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CPLP•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  2:39 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




First Quantum Minerals (FQVLF) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


FQVLF•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  2:39 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Eastman Chemical's (EMN) CEO Mark Costa on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


EMN•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  2:36 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Colfax (CFX) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CFX•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  2:35 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Barclays PLC's (BCS) CEO Jes Staley on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


BCS•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  2:30 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Monotype Imaging Holdings' (TYPE) CEO Scott Landers on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


TYPE•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  2:23 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




NewLink Genetics' (NLNK) CEO Charles Link, Jr. on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


NLNK•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  2:11 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Fortis' (FTS) CEO Barry Perry on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


FTS•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  2:10 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Moog's (MOG.A) CEO John Scannell on Q3 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MOG.A•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  2:09 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Bombardier's (BDRBF) CEO Alain Bellemare on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


BDRBF•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  2:02 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




AV Homes' (AVHI) CEO Roger Cregg on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


AVHI•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  2:02 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Yamana Gold's (AUY) CEO Peter Marrone on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


AUY•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  1:57 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Acadia Healthcare (ACHC) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ACHC•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  1:55 PM

        •
SA Transcripts





123456...4454Next Page





Search Transcripts






You can use: AND,NOT, OR,* *(exact phrase)













 
    Vlad Shmunis | RingCentral Inc | ZoomInfo.com

Vladimir G. Shmunis: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 3:29 PM ET
Software

Company Overview of RingCentral, Inc.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Vladimir G. Shmunis  Co-Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, RingCentral, Inc.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 1 Board Members in 1 different organizations across 1 different industries.See Board Relationships56$4,288,496As of Fiscal Year 2016
Background

		Mr. Vladimir G. Shmunis, also known as Vlad, co-founded Ringcentral, Inc., in 1991 and has been its Chairman and Chief Executive Officer since 1999. Mr. Shmunis served as the President of Ringcentral, Inc. until June 13, 2013. He has more than 20 years of systems architecture and telecommunications experience to RingCentral. Prior to Ring Zero Systems, Inc., he held engineering development and technical management positions at Hewlett-Packard, Convergent Technologies. ... He served as a Director for Software Development of Ampex corporation, where he spearheaded development of a pioneering embedded object-oriented kernel. Mr. Shmunis has been instrumental in RingCentral's growth from inception to profitable industry leader with international recognition, its sale to Motorola, as well as the subsequent management buyout. Mr. Shmunis earned both his BSCS and an MSCS Degrees from SFSU and also attended Berkeley's Executive MBA program.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
20 Davis DriveBelmont, California 94002United StatesPhone: 650-472-4100Fax: 650-472-4100
Board Members Memberships
Co-Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive OfficerRingCentral, Inc.
Education
MBA University of California BerkeleyMS San Francisco State UniversityBS San Francisco State University
Other Affiliations
University of California BerkeleySan Francisco State University


Annual Compensation
Salary$522,917Total Annual Compensation$522,917
Stocks Options
Restricted Stock Awards$3,199,995Exercised Options$20,000Exercised Options Value$395,870Exercisable Options$1,524,166Exercisable Options Value$21,660,412Unexercisable Options$262,500Unexercisable Options Value$910,875Total Value of Options$22,967,157Total Number of Options$1,806,666
Total Compensation
Total Annual Cash Compensation$1,088,501Total Short Term Compensation$522,917Other Long Term Compensation$3,199,995Total Calculated Compensation$4,288,496




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONNamePosition/CompanyCompensationMichael  Tessler Co-Founder, President, CEO & Executive DirectorBroadSoft, Inc.$522.2KDonald  Joos Chief Executive Officer, President and DirectorShoreTel, Inc.$440.0KVikram  Verma CEO & Director8x8, Inc.$490.0KAlan B. Masarek Chief Executive Officer & DirectorVonage Holdings Corp.$857.7KJeff  Lawson Co-Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive OfficerTwilio Inc.$133.7KCompensation as of Fiscal Year 2016.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact RingCentral, Inc., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


























RingCentral's (RNG) CEO Vladimir Shmunis on Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»RingCentral's (RNG) CEO Vladimir Shmunis on Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call TranscriptApr.26.17 | About: RingCentral, Inc. (RNG) RingCentral, Inc. (NYSE:RNG)
Q1 2017 Results Earnings Conference Call
April 25, 2017, 04:30 PM ET
Executives
Clyde Hosein - CFO and EVP
Vladimir Shmunis - Co-Founder, Chairman and CEO
David Sipes - COO
Mitesh Dhruv - SVP, Finance and Strategy
Analysts
Bhavan Suri - William Blair & Co. LLC
John DiFucci - Jefferies LLC
George Sutton - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC
Nikolay Beliov - Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Terry Tillman - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.
Meta Marshall - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC
Sterling Auty - J.P. Morgan Securities LLC
Michael Latimore - Northland Capital Markets
Heather Bellini - Goldman Sachs
Will Power - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.
Jonathan Kees - Summit Redstone Partners LLC
Kash Rangan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Operator
Greetings, and welcome to the RingCentral's First Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.
It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Clyde Hosein, Chief Financial Officer for RingCentral. Thank you, Mr. Hosein. You may begin.
Clyde Hosein
Thank you. Good afternoon and welcome to RingCentral's first quarter 2017 earnings conference call. Joining me on the call today are Vlad Shmunis, Founder, Chairman and CEO; David Sipes, Chief Operating Officer; and Mitesh Dhruv, Senior Vice President, Finance and Strategy.
Our format today will include prepared remarks by Vlad, David, and Mitesh, followed by Q&A. The purpose of our call today is to provide you with information on our first quarter performance as well as to provide our financial outlook for the second quarter and full year 2017.
Some of our discussions and responses to your questions may contain forward-looking statements. These will include statements on our expected financial results for the second quarter and full year of 2017 and our expected annual revenues several years out.
In addition, these will include our future plans, prospects and opportunities, trends in the business communication market, our expectations regarding our continuing success in the mid-market and enterprise segments, and our increasing momentum with our channel partners.
We'll also be making forward-looking statements about our competitive position, the expected benefits of our investments in technology, our open platform and integrations, our products, including contact center and our collaboration communication solution Glip and our Global Office and RingCentral Europe Solutions, our growth strategies, current and future market position, and expected growth.
These statements are subject to risk and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from our forward-looking statements and projections for a variety of reasons, including but not limited to, general economic and market conditions; the effect of competition and technological change, the success of our marketing, sales and retention efforts, and customer demand for an acceptance of our products and rev services.
A discussion of the risk and uncertainties related to our business is contained in our filings with our Securities and Exchange Commission and is incorporated by reference in today's discussion. We disclaim any obligation to update information contained in our forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
I encourage you to visit our Investor Relations website at ir.ringcentral.com to access our earnings release and slide presentation, our non-GAAP to GAAP reconciliations, our periodic SEC reports, a webcast replay of today's call, and to learn more about RingCentral.
For certain forward-looking guidance, a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial guidance to the corresponding GAAP measure is not available as discussed in detail on our Investor Relations website. For your convenience, copies of our script are available on our website.

Before I turn the call over to Vlad, I wanted to let of a transition we announced today. We announce that I will be transitioning to the CFO role to Mitesh Dhruv, effective on the signing of the next 10-Q. I will remain with the company until end of May and provide support to the RingCentral team.
I have been with RingCentral for about four years, joining just before the IPO. It has been a tremendous experience. We have grown revenue from about $120 million to over $400 million, have substantially increased the size of customers we address and are now winning multiple enterprise customers.
We are profitable, have now generated five consecutive quarters of free cash flow and have a strong balance sheet with no debt. I have accomplished all the things I wanted to when I joined four years ago, including the successful RingCentral IPO and presence of the public company.
Mitesh has been at RingCentral even before me, and we have worked together for the last four years. During this time, I have given him increasing responsibilities to manage all the finance functions, including FD&A, controllership, tax, treasury, and more recently, an increased role in Investor Relations.
With this succession planning, he is ready to assume the CFO role with a seamless transition. This transition fits really well with my personal plans. I plan to spend time with my family and I will continue to be a big supporter of RingCentral.
With that, I will turn the call over to Vlad, followed by Dave Sipes and Mitesh. I will be available during the Q&A portion of this call.
With that, let me turn the call over to Vlad.
Vladimir Shmunis
Thank you, Clyde. Before I give an update on Q1, I want to acknowledge Clyde for all his contributions. Clyde played an important role in our journey from IPO to over $400 million in revenues. And I want to thank Clyde for the excellent job he did in transition planning and developing our next generation finance leadership.
Now, on to Q1. Q1 was a great start to the year. Our software subscription revenue growth accelerated to 30%, up from 28% last quarter. Total revenue grew to $112 million, up 29% year-over-year.
Our results were driven by our success in all segments and especially in the mid-market and enterprise as well as increasing momentum with our channel partners.
Legacy, on-premise, vendors' businesses in our industry are mostly shrinking. Cloud is winning and we're winning in the cloud. We're the largest, fastest-growing pure-play cloud provider for business communication solutions. Last quarter, we believe our win rate further increased in the mid-market and enterprise.
Our channel business continues to accelerate as enterprises are increasing their adoption of cloud communications solutions. With these tailwinds, we believe we are further widening the separation between us and our cloud competitors.
For a little more color, I like to talk about the following three areas. One, overall industry perspective; two, summary of our Q1 performance; and three, our continual rapid pace of innovation.
We recently participated in Enterprise Connect, the leading trade conference in our industry. It was remarkable how clear it was that the future is cloud. Three years ago, at Enterprise Connect, cloud was just a discussion topic. Even as recently as last year, cloud was still not the clear winner.
However, this year, cloud was front and center and the move to the cloud seemed to be a foregone conclusion. Even the legacy vendors have recognized that cloud is winning. The legacy PBX vendors are mostly no longer promoting their purely on-premise offerings.
Instead, they're trying to push a hybrid or hosted systems approach. But, these are still at their core, expensive legacy solutions, which continued to suffer from lack of innovation, closed architectures, and poor on-boarding and user experience.

Larger enterprises are increasingly looking to the cloud to better serve their global workforces, integrate their communication stacks with other lines of business applications and consolidate multiple display systems and vendors into a single solution. Legacy or legacy-based hosted systems simply cannot effectively meet these challenges.
We are seeing channel partners rapidly getting more comfortable leading with our UCaaS solutions. The strong demand from our channel partners is particularly coming from those who in the past used to lead with legacy solutions such as Avaya.
To better satisfy demand generated by the channel, we have recently introduced RingCentral Europe. This new offering now enables us and our channel partners to serve needs of businesses headquartered in 13 European countries.
These market shifts are reflected in our Q1 results. In Q1, our mid-market and enterprise segment grew 86% year-over-year and is now an over $150 million recurring revenue business.
Our enterprise sales team had another record quarter. I am happy to say that in Q1, usually a seasonally slow quarter for large deals; we closed six deals with TCV north of $1 million, up from five in Q4.
One of these wins was at Hyatt Hotels Corporation. Hyatt will be replacing legacy Avaya system at their headquarters with RingCentral Office. Dave will later provide you more color on Hyatt and some other key wins.
In Q1, new business from channel partners showed impressive growth of over 100% year-over-year and over 20% quarter-over-quarter. A number of our large enterprise deals came through our channel partnerships.
Moving forward, we expect to continue expanding our momentum by extending our clear technology and product competitive leadership. We continue to make product enhancements to address the increasing needs of mid-market and enterprise customers. We also continue to out-invest our nearest cloud competitor by over two times in R&D.
Our unique differentiators remain the seamless integration of enterprise communications and team collaboration, open platform, global footprint, and our relentless focus on usability and mobility.
With our strong growth, expanding enterprise demand, rapidly evolving partner eco-system and continual innovation leadership, I feel confident that we will achieve our $1 billion revenue goal by the end of 2020.
Now, for some additional color, I will pass the call over to our COO, Dave Sipes.
David Sipes
Thank you, Vlad. I want to also thank Clyde for his support and leadership over the years. I wish you all the best. I will now give more color on our Q1 performance. Our strong performance in Q1 illustrated the market inflection we're seeing across all segments and especially, in the midmarket and enterprise. The combination of our industry-leading integrated solution, global and open platform, and a rapidly expanding partner channel continues to distance us from the competition.
Our integrated open platform includes enterprise voice, video, contact center, team messaging, collaboration, and conferencing. With these capabilities, our cloud solution is not just a replacement for legacy voice-only PBX systems.
In many of our deals, we're also displacing a wide range of discrete legacy communication tools. As a matter of fact, in a number of wins, we're replacing multiple products and services such as Avaya and Cisco PBX and contact centers, WebEx web meetings, and Slack team messaging.
Our pipeline for mid-market and enterprise customers continues to show strong growth as demonstrated by our six seven-figure deals in the quarter. A key winning differentiator is our integrated collaborative communications capability.
Vlad mentioned Hyatt earlier as one of our seven-figure wins. This is a replacement of legacy on-premise Avaya system, initially at Hyatt’s headquarters. Multiple vendors competed for this business, including our closest cloud competitors.

Hyatt chose us because our solution seamlessly integrates voice, video, team messaging, and collaboration. In the future, Hyatt plans to standardize its communications solutions across its mobile and distributed workforce.
Another example of a seven-figure TCV enterprise win that was driven by our unique collaborative communications capability was an 1,800-user win from a specialty communications provider. This account is going to be deployed globally including in the U.K., Brazil, Germany, and South Africa.
Additionally, the customer is also deploying over 200 RingCentral contact center seats. In the process, we're replacing multiple legacy systems that are currently providing discrete voice, video, and collaboration solutions.
Another key differentiator enabling us to win larger deals is our open platform. This provides our ISV partners and enterprise customers the ability to easily integrate communications data and services into their applications.
This has proven pivotal in several large customer wins including an 1,100-user win at N3, a global sales execution and demand generation firm. For productivity improvements, N3 is utilizing Microsoft Dynamics integration with RingCentral Office to customize their business workflows. In addition to our open platform, N3 chose RingCentral based on our proven global capabilities.
The ability to deliver collaborative communication solutions to enterprises globally is a unique advantage of our platform over legacy systems. Another example of a Global Office win this quarter is Ultratech, a leading supplier of semiconductor manufacturing equipment.
In addition to its U.S. headquarters, this customer has employees in Brazil, Costa Rica, Ireland, the U.K., and Singapore. As a matter of fact, we now have over 700 enterprises on our Global Office platform, up from around 600 last quarter.
Contact Center also continued to be a strong growth vector for us, and now accounts for about 15% of our mid-market and enterprise new business, up from 4% a year ago. RingCentral Contact Center is integrated with RingCentral Office collaborative communications capabilities for a strongly differentiated competitive offering.
We continue to see strong and improving acceptance of our solutions by channel partners. This is helping us efficiently grow our enterprise business, as these partners are enabling us to reach more enterprise customers, faster, and with higher win rates.
This quarter, five of our six seven-figure deals were won with channel partner involvement. As we continue to ramp up more channel partners, we expect this to continue to be a key driver of scalable growth in mid-market and enterprise.
We're also seeing good traction from Google. For example, during the quarter, we won a 650-user deal with a New York based global independent advertising network. This customer chose RingCentral Office based on its tight integration with Google Cloud’s G-Suite. We also added 15 new Google partners in Q1 for a total now of about 40.
In summary, Q1 was a fantastic quarter, with continued industry-leading growth. Many investors have asked how our mid-market and enterprise revenues compare if we were to cast it as customers with over $100,000 MRR that some other vendors use. By that measure, our mid-market and enterprise business is now approximately $150 million and grew over 70% year-over-year.
It’s no longer a question if enterprises will switch to the cloud; it’s only a question of how quickly. And RingCentral is best positioned to benefit from this trend, given our world class go-to-market, technology platform and accelerating pace of innovation.
I will now hand it over to Mitesh. Congratulations Mitesh.
Mitesh Dhruv
Thanks, Dave. Good afternoon everyone. Before I start, I want thank you Clyde for your mentorship over the years. It’s been a pleasure working for you. I joined RingCentral prior to our IPO and it’s a privilege to step up to the CFO role. We see many years of strong and profitable growth ahead for RingCentral and I look forward to working with all of you over the coming quarters and years.

Before I begin with the results, I want to ask that you refer to the slide deck posted on our Investor Relations website, which will help summarize the key points in our call today, as well as provide some supplemental information.
Unless otherwise indicated, all measures that follow are non-GAAP with year-over-year comparisons. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP results was provided with our earnings press release issued earlier today, and in the slide deck posted on our IR website.
Q1 was yet another strong quarter for RingCentral. We delivered total revenue ahead of the high end of our guidance range, along with year-over-year improvements in operating margin and earnings per share.
Q1 was underscored by 30% software subscription revenue growth and non-GAAP software subscription gross margin of over 81%, amongst the best-in-class SaaS companies.
More important, we saw strong momentum in our mid-market and enterprise execution. Our mid-market and enterprise segments are now over a $115 million business, grew 86% and represented around 45% of our new sales for RingCentral Office.
Total annualized exit monthly recurring subscriptions, or ARR, grew to approximately $451 million, up 32% year-over-year and up 9% sequentially. ARR for RingCentral Office grew to approximately $373 million, up 39% year-over-year and up 9% sequentially.
I should note that the quarter was aided by a number of factors including Avaya’s bankruptcy news, un-forecasted new business from AT&T, albeit, at a diminishing contribution, and better monetization of our customer base. As a result, we expect Q2 ARR to grow more normalized at 6% to 7% sequentially, in line with our last year's growth, although at a much higher level of revenue.
The indirect channel contributed 27% of ARR in Q1. As we continue to grow and diversify our indirect channel, an increasing percentage of our indirect channel bookings is coming from our channel partners, which are our non-carrier partners. In fact, channel partners had a record bookings quarter and now represents more than 60% of the total indirect bookings.
In Q1, over 40% of our new Office business came from existing customers. Overall, this demonstrates customer satisfaction with the RingCentral platform along with tailwinds from land and expand with larger customers as we consistently expand up market.
Office net monthly subscription dollar retention was once again over 100% across the installed base. Software subscription revenue in Q1 was $103.7 million, up 30% year-over-year and up 6% sequentially.
Other revenues were $8.1 million bringing total revenue for the first quarter to $111.8 million, up from $86.5 million in Q1 a year ago, representing 29% year-over-year growth.
We reverted to the direct sales model for the hardware business which generated a two-point tailwind to our total revenue growth in Q1. This had no impact to our subscription growth rate.
Our software subscription gross margin was over 81% during Q1, consistent with last quarter and represents over a point of improvement year-over-year, once again demonstrating the leverage from our multi-tenant SaaS model.
Gross margin from other revenues was 13% in the quarter. Other gross margins reflect the change to the direct sales model in our hardware business. On a sustained basis, we expect Gross margin from other revenues to be between 10 and 15%. As a reminder, the other revenues line includes phones, professional services, and revenues from rental phones.
Total gross margin was 76.4%, up about 60 basis points year-over-year. On a comparative basis, adjusting for the change to direct hardware sales, total gross margin would have been up 180 basis points year-over-year.
Sales and marketing expenses were about $55 million for the quarter or 49% of revenues. This was up from 46% in the first quarter a year ago and flat from 49% last quarter. These expenses include investments we are making in the enterprise segment which remains a significant opportunity for us with meaningfully higher lifetime values.

Our long-term unit economics continue to be attractive. For each dollar invested in sales and marketing, we continue to see $9 of revenue and $7 of gross profit over the projected life of an Office customer. For mid-market, we continue to see $12 of revenue and for our enterprise customers; we continue to see $15 of revenue over the projected life.
R&D expenses were $15 million for the quarter or 13% of revenues, down from 15% in both Q1 a year ago and from last quarter.
G&A expenses were $13 million for the quarter or 12% of revenues, down from 14% in Q1 a year ago and up from 11% last quarter.
Our operating profit was $2.2 million resulting in an operating margin of 1.9% versus our guidance range of 1.8% to 2.2%. This is up from 1.5% in Q1 a year ago. Sequentially the operating margin is down 20 basis points from Q4 driven by one point of headwind from seasonal effects such as reset of payroll taxes.
Net income improved to $2.1 million, compared to $1 million in Q1 of last year and $2 million last quarter. Earnings per share was $0.03, at the high end of our Q1 guidance range of $0.01 to $0.03. Share count was 80 million fully diluted shares.
On a GAAP basis, our Q1 net loss was $7.3 million or a loss of $0.10 per share. The difference between our GAAP and non-GAAP results was $9.4 million or $0.13 per share. This is primarily driven by $0.12 of stock-based compensation, while $0.01 was due to amortization of intangibles and other items related to the Glip acquisition.
We ended Q1 with cash and short-term investments of $150 million, compared to $160 million at the end of Q4. The decline in our cash balance reflects a $15 million repayment of our entire debt.
Deferred revenue was $49 million, an increase from $45 million in Q4 and $39 million a year ago. For the quarter, cash flow from operations was $9 million compared to $7 million for Q4 and $5 million in the same period a year ago.
Free cash flow was $1.9 million in Q1. Free cash flow included a one-time working capital headwind due to a switch to direct hardware sales, which was offset by higher deferred revenue, stronger collections, and other improvements in working capital.
Before I move on to the guidance, I would point out that our AT&T new business peaked in Q2 of last year and optically is a tough compare looking ahead to Q2 of this year. We expect the growth rates to normalize in the second half as channel partners increase their contribution to the indirect channel. This is reflected in our full year guidance.
Now, for our outlook for the second quarter and full-year 2017. For the second quarter, we expect software subscription revenue of $109 million plus or minus $0.5 million dollars, which represents an annual growth of 27%.
We expect total revenue of $117 million to $119 million, which represents an annual growth of 27% to 30%. On a comparative basis adjusted to the direct sales model, growth would have been three points lower.
We expect non-GAAP operating margin of 2% to 2.5%. We expect non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.03, plus or minus $0.01, based on 81 million fully diluted shares. The difference between our Q2 GAAP and non-GAAP EPS is expected to be approximately $0.14, including $0.13 of stock-based compensation and $0.01 of amortization of intangibles and other items related to the Glip acquisition. This excludes any effects from currency re-measurement, which is difficult to forecast.
For the full year 2017, we are raising our software subscription revenue guidance to $450 million to $456 million, or an annual growth of 26% to 28%, up from our prior guidance of $447 million to $454 million.
We are raising our total revenue guidance to $486 million to $494 million, which implies year-over-year growth of 28% to 30%. This is up from our previous guidance of $484 million to $492 million.

On a comparative basis, adjusted to the direct sales model, growth would be about three points lower.
We expect non-GAAP operating margin of 2.5% to 3%, consistent with the guidance we provided last quarter. We are raising our non-GAAP earnings per share guidance to $0.14 to $0.18, up from $0.13 to $0.17 previously.
The difference between our 2017 GAAP and non-GAAP EPS is expected to be approximately $0.55, including $0.53 of stock-based compensation and $0.02 of amortization of intangibles and other items related to the Glip acquisition.
This excludes any effects of currency re-measurement, which is difficult to forecast. We expect fully diluted shares to be 81 million. We expect free cash flow for the year of approximately $8 million to $12 million, up from $5 million to $10 million previously.
In summary, Q1 was another great quarter that marks a strong start to the year. With that, I'll turn the call over to the operator for Q&A.
Question-and-Answer Session
Operator
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, at this time, we will be conducting a question-and-answer session [Operator Instructions]
Our first question comes from the line of Bhavan Suri. Please proceed with your question. One moment. Bhavan Suri, please proceed with your question.
Bhavan Suri
Great. Can you hear me okay?
Operator
Yes, we can.
Bhavan Suri
Perfect. Nice job guys. Thanks for taking my question. Clyde, good luck and all the best and then Mitesh, congratulations. It'd be good to work with you a little more closely. My first question is really to Vlad or David, you talked about improving win rates, you've talked about various reasons for some of the big deals. When you look at the partners and the larger mid-size and enterprise segments, you've touched on the Google integration, you've touched on Glip, is there some commonality in why you're winning these deals will be the competition? Is it just Glip, is it about a more frequent features that's requested, is it Google, is it sales force integration? Is there something specific there and then I have a quick follow-up?
Vladimir Shmunis
Yes, Bhavan, Vlad here. Thanks for the congrats. And yes great question. Look it's really the combination of things. It's really hard to say that it's just Glip or just the open platform or just the global footprint.
What we see really are enterprise customers really wanting to go for the best-in-class solutions, which fairly should include all of these and also it has to be usable and it has to be easy to onboard and administer.
And this is where we excel, this is why made the investments we have both into our product technology and the infrastructure, and it's paying very nice dividends now as you can see.
Bhavan Suri
For Clyde or Mitesh, you guys have sort of brought up that $1 billion run rate number, reiterate that in fact, I think I just want to touch on just what would the margin be when you hit that $1 billion? What should we think currently 2.5% operating margin? What does that look like sort of in that 2020 timeframe when you hit the $1 billion run rate?
Mitesh Dhruv
Sure Bhavan, I'll take it, it's Mitesh. And thanks for the debut question. It'll be a special question forever. So, it's a good question, right. We get this question a lot from all the top investors. So, it really depends. It depends on the growth rate at that time and how fast we are growing.
As you know, Bhavan, there is an inherent trade-off in the SaaS model between our long-term growth and short-term profitability. And we tend to optimize for profitable growth and long-term unit economics.
So, given the opportunity we have right now to invest in future profitable growth and attractive unit economics, you saw for every dollar we invest, we get about $9 of lifetime revenue back. We would tend to optimize for growth and show some leverage and basically capture this unbounded market we have ahead of us. And you can -- you saw the recent momentum Vlad and Dave highlighted with the Hyatt win and whatnot. So, I think the preference would be to grow profitably.

Now, over time, if these investments stop generating the same ROI we're seeing, we can just dial back the sales and marketing investments because it's really a variable cost, it's a tight dial we have and we deliver higher profitability.
With all that said, to give you a guide post at a $1 billion, you can think about a combination or a Rule of 40, which is a combination of our growth plus free cash flow margin to be [Indiscernible] towards 40, which is what the best-in-class companies are doing and you can expect us to either meet or beat the Rule of 40 at a $1 billion.
Operator
Our next question comes from the line of John DiFucci with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question 
John DiFucci
Thank you. First of all, Clyde, it's really has been a pleasure and I assume you're getting the RV all powered up and definitely do not be a stranger and also congrats to Mitesh.
My question -- my first question is really for, I think for Dave and Vlad. And there's two interesting things happening here and they've been happening, but this quarter it sort of accentuated. And that's both the strength in mid-market and mostly enterprise and then also partner stream. I'm just curious how related those are. Are partners driving more of your enterprise sales or is that more directed this time?
David Sipes
Yes, this is David. So, the partner strength is really helping in the enterprise and mid-market segments and creating introductions. We have also made significant investments in the enterprise teams, both in growing our enterprise team and the leadership there, as well as getting leaders in every region in country and growing out our professional services.
So, there is really a combination between those investments we're making in enterprise as well as the partners that we've made strong relationships with are gaining brand recognition with and are helping bring deals in that segment also. We see both directly sourced and channel source deals growing significantly for us.
John DiFucci
Okay. David, so I guess maybe a related question. It sounds like both are sort of happening now. And I guess is, with Avaya and some of the issues with Avaya and you mentioned that a very large deal with -- that was a previous Avaya customer. Is it the timing -- are customers now just larger customers more comfortable consuming Unified Communications as a service.
So, the timing of the issues with Avaya, is that just sort of playing to your hand and as you know and [Indiscernible] as you mentioned and we know that you sort of built it, built it not only product but also the go-to-market strategy and is this something -- are we seeing somewhat of an inflection right now? Are we in the midst of that or is this just sort of a gradual thing and this is sort of the first quarter and maybe that's really see a quarter of that kind of benefit. Just trying to gauge that.
David Sipes
Yes, no, no. Good question. There's definitely a mind shift, especially customers that maybe on platform that hasn't been invested in significantly and isn't delivering integrated collaborative communications, that we're able to bring with the very rapid rate of innovation.
So, those customers are seeing the market shift. They are requesting to look at cloud solutions. And you see that with people moving off of the Avaya platform, we mentioned Hyatt is one of those. And I think that's something that is happening today and is going to continue to progress.
John DiFucci
Okay, great. That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator
Our next question comes from the line of George Sutton with Craig-Hallum. Please proceed with your question.
George Sutton
Thank you. Mitesh, my congratulations and Clyde, best of luck. My first question relates to the collaborative side of the business and with Glip now live and running and we're seeing sort of competitive threats, if you will, or at least competitive entrants from a variety of different places.

Can you kind of give us an update in terms of -- or you made this acquisition at a brilliant time well before others had come out with a lot of these products. Where are we now? Are you happy? Is this exactly where you want to be competitively? Are there other things we might see on the collaboration side?
Vladimir Shmunis
Hi George. Vlad here. So, yes, I'll take this one. So, yes, another very good question. Look, if the question is, are we satisfied with what we have? Of course, not. That would be -- that would mean end of progress and we're not there yet.
We do feel that we made this very strategic acquisition at the right time. It did give us a very nice head start in coming out what is ultimately our vision, which is a fully integrated collaborative communications solution. We are coming at it from a different angle from some of the other leaders in the collaborative space.
In fact we've cracked the harder problem to solve, which is enterprise grade global voice and text communications. So the PBX replacement in the cloud, as you know, we are the clear leader in that and the gap is only widening.
So, this put us in a very interesting and favorable position of now adding the collaborative elements, text messaging, file sharing, task management, calendar. But the end result, we feel we have a fairly nice mold here, which has to do with integration and specifically integration leveraging all of our enterprise communications assets. So, that's just because not been repeated and we don't frankly see anyone on the horizon that's gaining ground on us with [Indiscernible].
George Sutton
Okay, great. With my follow-up, I'd like to get a little deeper on the Avaya side. So, you did mentioned that relatively to the Hyatt takeaway that was Avaya we are aware of others that you also took away. I'm just curious are we at the tip of the iceberg from your perspective? Is this something that a year from now we'll be looking back and saying that drove a material portion of your opportunities? Or can you just put it in a little bit more perspective?
David Sipes
This is David. And we did talk about Hyatt as one example and of course, there are many, many more examples that were experienced of moving people off of that platform. And right now, I think it's still early days in that and there is -- they obviously have historically a significant market share in legacy.
And those customers as they migrate to the cloud, I think this is expediting their migration to the cloud and expediting their investigation into that. So, we are seeing some increased activity because of that, but I think the size of the opportunity is so significant, it will play out over a fair timeframe.
George Sutton
Okay, perfect. Thanks guys.
Operator
Our next question comes from the line of Nikolay Beliov with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Nikolay Beliov
Hi, thanks for taking my question and a follow-up. First of all, congrats on the nice performance. Clyde, it's been great working with you and congrats to Mitesh. My question is to Clyde and Mitesh, when you look at sales and marketing and your overall structure -- margin structure, gross margins as a target, R&D as a target, G&A getting into that direction, sales and marketing clearly is the biggest variable here. When should we expect to get to see leverage here? Is it a function of you guys going down enterprise investments at some point? Or you just wanted to get your thoughts on the puts and takes?
Mitesh Dhruv
Sure. Thanks Nikolay. If you look at the leverage, the question is leverage and sales and marketing. And so the way to look at sales and marketing is again, it's a function of a tradeoff between growth and leverage. And as you know, we are maniacally focused on ROI and investing in every profitable dollar we can, which is what I said in the earlier questions, but let me double-click a little bit on the sales and marketing side.

So, if you look at it another way -- if you look at our installed base, we have a very large installed base, which is very, very profitable. If you look at our SMB segment, this segment requires very little overhead. All the R&D investment is actually getting funneled to mid-market and enterprise investments.
And if you look at even the sales and marketing itself, there is -- the investments are getting over indexed to the upmarket. So, if you look at the recurring operating profit of the SMB business, its north of 30%.
Now, the question becomes, what do you do with the 30%? You can either flow it to the bottom-line and print 30% operating margin or self-direct investments to grab even further share of the market. And what we're trying to do right now is grab an even bigger share of the market and self-directing all those leverage points from SMB into mid-market and enterprise. And I think over time, you will see leverage in the business model from time to come.
Nikolay Beliov
That's very helpful. And Mitesh just double click on that. At your Analyst Day in November, you shared a little detail of what you think your business is going to be at $1 billion in revenues. And I think the small, medium enterprise business mix was 35%, 45%, 20%.
And you said with same companies like Salesforce, maybe its one-third age. Based on your enterprise traction over the last 18 months and is it building up the Salesforce and the marketing opening up, do you see that maybe that 20% number for the enterprise that's in the mix actually might be a little bit conservative?
Mitesh Dhruv
Sure. So, early days, as I think George mentioned, it could be tip of the iceberg and we are at the very early innings of a huge long-term opportunity. So, right now, we are seeing incremental proof points in the enterprise, which give us more confidence versus our Analyst Day. So, could that 20% be a third? Absolutely, it could be. So, I feel that it's a journey and you'll keep on seeing us deliver more and more proof points in this enterprise segment going forward.
Nikolay Beliov
Got it. Thank you.
Operator
Our next question comes from the line of Terry Tillman with Raymond James. Please proceed with your question.
Terry Tillman
Hey, good afternoon gentlemen. Can you hear me okay?
Mitesh Dhruv
Yes, we can.
Terry Tillman
Well, it's big news on a variety of fronts. Congrats Mitesh and I'm going to miss you Clyde. Hi Vlad, hi David. Hopefully I haven’t missed anybody there. On the cash flow, it's actually nice to see nice progress there on slide 18 and it looks like you've increased the ranges or I guess the midpoint would move higher based on updated guidance on both OCF and free cash flow. I jumped on this call a little late, so maybe you already touched on this, but I'm just curious, what would be the delta? What's driving the improved cash flow expectations?
Mitesh Dhruv
Sure, Terry, I'll take that. It is a combination of things, wherein if you look at the first quarter, deferred revenue came in higher than our expectations. And that's because we are seeing an uptick from customers who are prepaying, and on an annual basis, that's point number one.
We had a really good quarter in terms of streamlining our ARR efforts and collections, that's point number two. And just overall working capital management makes us feel incrementally more comfortable to inch up the guidance.
Terry Tillman
Got it, okay. And I guess another question just relates to you had kind of a long-term plan here and roadmap to get -- monetize the enterprise market, but obviously some kind of events outside of your spear of influence have happened with competitors.
And I'm just curious that the earlier question about sales and marketing and when we see some leverage. But I'm just curious because of some of these opportunistic situations, could you talk about what you're doing with the enterprise sales force. I mean I have a sense of how big it is, but if I looked at Avaya, I mean, its 100 per sales rep. So, have you accelerated some of the hiring or even maybe potential opportunities to bring on some talent from some of these legacy vendors? Could you all talk on that?

Vladimir Shmunis
Hey Terry, Vlad. What I'll -- I apologize, if this comes across this too snide, but usually there is a balance between or a choice between investing in the product and just investing in the sales force. And we're going to add or making the product that kind of wants to sell itself.
So, with that in mind, we clearly do have a growing sales force. It is a fairly small compared to Avaya's and Dave will provide maybe a little bit more color here. But in general, we do have coverage domestically in every region. It's same coverage, but it is coverage. And we are -- philosophically, we are investing just ahead of revenue. So, you should expect some growth there. Dave, if you can maybe add some color.
David Sipes
Yes, and as we've -- I think answer on several points of what you talked about is yes. There's gaining and market momentum both from the customer perspective, from the channel perspective, as well as we've typically taken a measured approach to expanding into new segments, but we're seeing very encouraging results in the enterprise segment and are continuing to grow the teams very quickly.
And we've been able to bring in significant leadership of with industry experience as well as software experience. And so all of that has helped expand that significantly and the shape of that team is -- I'm very enthused about where we're at with that team.
Operator
Our next question comes from the line of Meta Marshall with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Meta Marshall
Hey, thanks guys and congrats on the quarter and all the new positions. Turning to the contact center, you spoke to mid-market adoption kind of rising to 15% from 4% a year ago. And just wanted to know is that a better sales motion? Are you just seeing more customers, kind of, wanting that product.
And then on the second question, just on Hyatt, if you could just speak to how long that sales cycle was and kind of the timeline to roll out or a potential expansion opportunity would be helpful? Thanks.
Mitesh Dhruv
Sure. On the adoption of the contact center and I think it was the first part of your question, and we have had increased adoption as we continued to gain traction in the enterprise and mid-market segments.
We are seeing a interest in customers of coupling those products of the enterprise communication system with the contact center. And we've made significant investments both in the integration of the product as well as the team enablement of our sales teams.
As for Hyatt, our typical enterprise deals can be a six to 12 months sales cycle. And with Hyatt as with many of our large enterprise deals, we'll typically see a transition to our services as quickly as two to three months from booking a deal when we're looking at a limited number of locations with doing that transition. And that's what we should expect here.
Meta Marshall
Thank you.
Operator
Our next question comes from the line of Sterling Auty with J.P. Morgan. Please proceed with your question.
Sterling Auty
Yes, thanks guys. Mitesh congratulations. Clyde, enjoy the next phase. But Clyde, I do want to start because I know I'm going to get the question. Is this truly it or are you retiring or is there going to be another career after this? What should investors be looking for? And if that's the case, what drove the timing, I know you gave some insight in your prepared remarks, but any additional color would be helpful.
Clyde Hosein
So, sure thing, Sterling. I'll miss this place. I'll miss the team that's on the call with me today and all of the employees at RingCentral. I'll miss the product because it's a terrific product and I've been passionate about it over the years. What drove the timing Sterling is, and I'll be candid with folks as I always been, my wife retired earlier this year. My daughter is -- my younger daughter is in the high school. And so you couldn't get a better opportunity to spend some time with them. And I think if you look back and talk to a lot of folks, they look back in the life and say take the quality time to spend with family. So, that's part one.

But other part of, as we described earlier, Mitesh and I have worked together for the longest while since I've been here. Mitesh is ready to take over. So, those -- intersection of those two things gave me the opportunity to spend time with family and I know some investors takes and says that's usually, euphemism, that's real. I'm actually going -- I'm driving a big bus, a 60,000-pound bus, starting in June across the country. It sounds like an old man, but I'll enjoy it.
I don't think I'm retiring, but I have no idea when I'm going to come back. If I enjoy the ride, I'll spend up to a year. My wife has a different over or under when I'll get bored, so people who know me will be. But in any event, Sterling, I'll be rooting heavily for RingCentral in the sidelines. I'll be available to the team if they need me, but they get to call me when I'm not driving the big bus. Hope that helps.
Sterling Auty
That's it. That's perfect. And put me on the list with John or people that are jealous of that situation. And then just one follow-up question. So, we've had all of the talk and noise about AT&T as a channel partner et cetera, et cetera, but what I'm curious about is obviously with the channel program that you have and some of the changes that you made, there's other areas that are really stepping up to probably produce more than what they had been previously given the structure, I just want to make sure I'm clear what are those pockets of areas within the channel and the partner programs that are really getting the chance to step up and contribute more?
David Sipes
This is where we're getting traction. The question is where we're getting traction on the channel side? Is that what you--?
Sterling Auty
Yes, so if we go back to last quarter and talk of AT&T and different changes around how they're viewing their go-to-market with you. It would seem like given the growth that means other partners are probably contributing at a faster rate than what they did a year ago. Where are those areas that are getting incrementally stronger, if AT&T is maybe just kind of treading water at this point?
David Sipes
Yes, absolutely. So, we've talked a lot about the channel partners and how they're contributing to our mid-market and enterprise success. And in there, we have different types of partners. So, we talked about signing 20 last year.
When we talk about national partners or partners with employed salespeople, you talked about people like CDW or Carousel or SHI. When you talk about Master Agent that we've had success with, or organizations like Intelisys or Ingram Micro. And then we've also talked about like the Google partners, which are their own set of partners.
We talked about [Indiscernible] and CTS, last quarter, when we signed a new person in that premise this quarter. So, I think there is a lot of different pockets that we are having success in, in our indirect channels and flowing the entire category to continue to grow and diversify significantly.
Mitesh Dhruv
And just -- I'll just add one small color to, on the financial side to what Dave said is if you look at the bookings from the indirect channel. The channel partners now contributed about 60% of the new bookings came from those pockets Dave mentioned.
So, you can see the change of guard, or shift in the guard from the carrier partners we had earlier to the new channel partners Dave mentioned I think and this momentum is just here to stay.
Operator
Our next question comes from the line of Mike Latimore with Northland Capital. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Latimore
Great. Thanks. Great quarter and congratulations Mitesh and nice work over here, Clyde and if your bus makes it through Atlanta, let me know. [Indiscernible]
Clyde Hosein
You got it. That's the Golf clubs pit under the bus. So, we'll be happy to do that.

Michael Latimore
Excellent. Just I think Mitesh you mentioned a couple of things that enhanced sequential growth in the quarter. One other thing you mentioned was just sort of better monetization of the customer base I believe. Can you just elaborate a little bit on what you meant by that?
Mitesh Dhruv
Sure, sure, Mike. So, as you know, we continue to add features and we've been expanding our value proposition of all our products. And also if you look at the brand awareness that has only gone up over the years in the marketplace. So, we have had an opportunity to better capture the value and so we did, and that we've baked into our guidance going forward.
Michael Latimore
Okay. Got it. Thanks. And then just on the sales cycles. Can you talk a little bit about -- has there been a change in the sales cycle in the mid-market and separately the enterprise segment versus say a year ago?
Mitesh Dhruv
I think what we see is in those segments you're looking at when you're in early on a deal, a six to 12 months sales cycle. We do -- when we brought in by partners, we have often can come in, in the middle of that cycle and have an even much more accelerated close in that. So, I think you see that with partner segment today.
But I do think those sales cycles will kind of continue to be about that length. It's a very considered purchase by these customers, but it's something that even in hotly contested deals like Hyatt, we're able to demonstrate the power of our product and be successful.
Operator
Our next question comes from the line of Heather Bellini with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Heather Bellini
Hey guys. Just a couple of questions for you. One, I wanted to know on the follow-up to the Morgan Stanley question about Avaya was one or Hyatt I think particularly with Avaya. I was just wondering if you could share with us the sales cycle, what you think the typical sales cycles will be for those Avaya replacements to still differ from the enterprise sales cycle you laid out.
And then secondly, just if you could share with us you mentioned in your prepared remarks that you're investing in areas where the enterprise customers you're talking to, want to see innovation and see development. Can you share with us specifically what are some of those areas that they're asking for? That's it. Thanks.
Mitesh Dhruv
Yes. So, I think, again, the question was sale cycle on enterprise and Hyatt. We talked about six to 12 months, Hyatt was right in that, it's actually closer to the six month on that one, probably more like eight months on that deal. And it was -- we got through an RFP and there was -- everyone responded, but we quickly got down selected and selected overall and we look at several months' transition as they move onto our service.
And the second part is what our enterprise customers asking us for product enhancement and capabilities. And we see that -- we're making significant investments in the open platform aspect of our product and the globalization of our Global Office product are critical as well as the tight integration that we've announced at Enterprise Connect with our enterprise collaborative communications, bringing the team messaging and enterprise communications together. So, all three -- all of those areas are very critical and our expansion into the enterprise segment and our differentiation in the market.
Operator
Our next question comes from the line of Will Power with Robert W. Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Will Power
Great. Thanks. And Clyde and Mitesh, I echo with the previous comments, I guess a couple of questions or follow-ups, maybe just quickly somewhat obligatory. Coming back to AT&T, I think in the prepared remarks you indicated you did win some new business in the quarter that benefited the ARR, but that you weren't expecting new business in Q2 if I understood. And I guess I'm just wondering is that's just the same conservatism you had or is there new messaging from AT&T and that relationship, any real change there?

And then secondly, just as I think about the global opportunity, the RingCentral Global Office you went from 600 to 700 customers, I guess, on that platform. Is that principally U.S. based companies with offices in Europe. And if so, how should we think about the opportunity to really expand distribution in Europe and outside the U.S. and over what timeframe?
Mitesh Dhruv
Sure, I'll take the first one and I'll let Dave take the second one. So, on AT&T, we did see some business from AT&T in the quarter in Q1, albeit at a very meaningfully lower levels from a year ago. So, in terms of the forecast, we're not changing anything. We are assuming the same thing, which is no net new ads from AT&T and normalized churn from the AT&T business. So, no change there.
I will say that if you look at our full year guidance, despite those -- if you look at the total headwinds that contribute from AT&T, it's about three to four points of headwinds from AT&T, resulting from that. So, anyways, our guidance reflects all those things, but no change to philosophy there.
David Sipes
And on the Global Office, that has been a very strongly received product offering and we've continued to expand the number of countries we're covering. So, you'll find from all directions. So, from U.S. organizations, we talked about, Ultratech being on Global Office and having been a semiconductor tools manufacture, having operations globally, and in Asia.
As key we had a customer in the U.K. Paramedic Science that expanded Global Office, it's actually back into the U.S. and into Canada. You see examples like that as well as we see those organizations having Global Office users across Western Europe and APAC and Latin America. And that all led to part of our interest in launching our European offering, which allows us to do direct sales into those countries.
So, I think you'll be seeing more of Global Office going in new directions as we bring on new organizations outside of the core countries we sold to historically and bringing all their users globally on to our product.
Operator
Our next question comes from the line of Jonathan Kees with Summit Red Stone. Please proceed with your question.
Jonathan Kees
Great. Thanks for taking my question. And I'll add to the kind words for Mitesh and for Clyde. My two questions really are focused on pricing. I'm just curious what the pricing environment is like. You talked about, for example, at the Hyatt, you competed against other pure cloud competitors, they kind of offered the same total cost of ownership savings versus at-premise provider.
And you talked about some of your differentiators in terms of with team messaging and contact center. How much -- what was the pricing environment in those situations?
Mitesh Dhruv
Yes. So, our customers -- one, they're looking to get off a legacy product and they're seeing the advantages that they're getting by being cloud with mobility, usability, the global capabilities of rapid innovation. So, I think it's less about how it compares to that.
And when you look to move to the cloud, obviously, these large organizations, we provide different pricing for larger enterprise organization. But the ability to sell across multiple solutions and replace discrete on-premise solutions or even cloud solutions, whether that's meetings, contact center and Unified Communications allows for the customers to have extremely strong ROI in replacing those systems. And so that's what we're benefiting from as well as our ability to continue to deliver rapid innovation like our collaboration solution across all our users.
Jonathan Kees
That makes sense. And maybe I wasn't too clear on my question there. I guess, first is your pure cloud competitors who can offer the same total cost of ownership, cost savings across multiple products, contact centers, UC that kind of stuff. Are you seeing a more competitive environment? And are you seeing pricing being the initiative on top of product differentiators?

And then really my second follow-up question was are you being a pricing leader by chance? I know this is for your channel harmony program that you're awarding 100% commissions to your channel partners and you've seen that you are in unique compared to others in industry. Is that just a indirectly of providing pricing discount to your partners and to your customers?
Vladimir Shmunis
Yes, Vlad here. So, I guess, let me take that. So, look, I'm not so sure that we agree with the statement our competitors have the same product to offer, they do not. We already went through some of the main differentiators. Again to recap, we're talking to the world's best global footprint. We're talking to the world's only fully integrated collaborative communications solutions, and we're talking to the world's only open platform, all under one umbrella, okay.
And these are objective, not subjective differentiators. Subjectively to the emphasis on mobility, user experience, all of the things, just for example, will make Apple great, okay. So, we do see power of the product getting today for us. We do not perceive ourselves as price leaders. Certainly we need to price competitively, but there have been numerous occasions where people try to win against us on price alone.
And generally it doesn't work. I need to remind everyone, what we have is a mission-critical application. If business communications goes down, even for a few minutes, that has tangible business impact. And what we haven't done much on this goal, for example, is we haven't talked about our uptime and the SLAs that we're able to provide and backup and millions of customer reference examples that we can now cite against our competitors.
Some of them interestingly enough are not just our satisfied customers that we won, but also competitive takeaways where people have been able to experience some of our direct competitors and at this point are now happy and referenceable with central customers. That goes a very long way.
Operator
We have time for one last question. Our last question comes from the line of Kash Rangan from Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Kash Rangan
Hey guys. Hey Mitesh, congratulations, it's been great to watch your career progress over the last 12 years and look forward to staying tuned over the next several, several dozens of years. And Clyde, congrats to you on training a superstar, not too often do we find public company CFO is training the replacement as effectively as you did and achieve the seamless transition. So, congrats to you, Clyde.
And I have to ask a question about the business and I was blown away by the number of seven-figure transactions you did. And I'm curious to see these seven-figure transactions were wall-to-wall RingCentral implementations or are you testing the waters with some kind of deployment? And if that goes well, you're surely positioned to win repeat business and therefore, trying to understand how much more penetration do you have left in your seven-figure accounts? That's it for me. Thank you.
David Sipes
Yes. Thanks, Kash, this is David. And thanks for the recognition on the seven-figure deals. And it shows kind of consistent and increasing performance two quarters in a row now.
In -- so we get -- we'll get some of those deals will be the entire organization, but as we continue to penetrate into the very largest organization, some of those deals are just a starting point even though they're initially contracted for a very large amount.
And I think when you look at our amount of new business that we're getting from our installed base is at 40%, which is a very healthy and slightly increasing number over time.
So, this opportunity will continue to develop and to grow as we take examples like Hyatt, where our initial sale is into headquarters. It's obviously a much larger global organization beyond that. So, there's going to be many, many more opportunities for expansion within some of these enterprise accounts.

Operator
I'd like to hand the call back over to management for closing comments.
Vladimir Shmunis
Well, I'd like to start-off by, again, thanking Clyde for his outstanding contribution. He was the CFO that took us public. Under Clyde's leadership, I believe we've compiled a perfect record of beating and raising every quarter. And honestly, we probably will not have been here without Clyde.
Having said that, he is less so far his contribution he has been in providing outstanding mentorship and training for Mitesh. So, I feel very, very comfortable that we will have a seamless transition, which is especially important for us as we are closing in on our $1 billion revenue target and are now beginning to think of life beyond $1 billion.
So, with that, we feel good where we stand competitively. We had a very good quarter. We feel good about quarters to come. We've done our best to highlight some of the seasonal effects that may take place.
But generally, we feel we're on solid ground now. It's great to now be recognized by the investor community, a little bit better than we used to be. And we hope for a lot more together. So, thank you very much and thanks for wonderful and supportive questions.
Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day.
Copyright policy: All transcripts on this site are the copyright of Seeking Alpha. However, we view them as an important resource for bloggers and journalists, and are excited to contribute to the democratization of financial information on the Internet. (Until now investors have had to pay thousands of dollars in subscription fees for transcripts.) So our reproduction policy is as follows: You may quote up to 400 words of any transcript on the condition that you attribute the transcript to Seeking Alpha and either link to the original transcript or to www.SeekingAlpha.com. All other use is prohibited.
THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HERE IS A TEXTUAL REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL, CONFERENCE PRESENTATION OR OTHER AUDIO PRESENTATION, AND WHILE EFFORTS ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE AUDIO PRESENTATIONS. IN NO WAY DOES SEEKING ALPHA ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S AUDIO PRESENTATION ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.
If you have any additional questions about our online transcripts, please contact us at: transcripts@seekingalpha.com. Thank you!
About this article:ExpandTagged: Technology, Business Software & Services, TranscriptsError in this transcript? Let us know.Contact us to add your company to our coverage or use transcripts in your business.Learn more about Seeking Alpha transcripts here.Follow SA Transcripts and get email alertsSearch TranscriptThis transcriptFindAll transcriptsFindCompare To:All RNG TranscriptsOther Companies in this sector





Earnings Call Transcripts | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO» 








Earnings Transcripts


  Sectors 


All
Most Popular

Basic Materials
Conglomerates
Consumer Goods
Financial
Healthcare
Industrial Goods
Services
Technology
Utilities










US Ecology's (ECOL) CEO Jeffrey Feeler on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ECOL•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  3:25 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




MTU Aero Engines' (MTUAF) CEO Reiner Winkler on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MTUAF•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  3:17 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Alon USA Partners' (ALDW) CEO Alan Moret on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ALDW•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  3:11 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




American Axle & Manufacturing's (AXL) CEO David Dauch on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


AXL•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  3:07 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Tenneco (TEN) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


TEN•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  3:07 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Covanta's (CVA) CEO Stephen Jones on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CVA•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  3:04 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Weatherford International Plc (WFT) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


WFT•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  3:01 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Aflac Incorporated's (AFL) CEO Dan Amos on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


AFL•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  2:59 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Rockwell Collins (COL) Q3 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


COL•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  2:59 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Comfort Systems' (FIX) CEO Brian Lane on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


FIX•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  2:56 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Hilltop Holdings' (HTH) CEO Jeremy Ford on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HTH•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  2:52 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




AptarGroup's (ATR) CEO Stephan Tanda on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ATR•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  2:50 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Pebblebrook Hotel Trust's (PEB) CEO Jon Bortz on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


PEB•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  2:45 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Universal Truckload Services' (UACL) CEO Jeff Rogers on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


UACL•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  2:44 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Eldorado Gold's (EGO) CEO George Burns on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


EGO•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  2:41 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•2 Comments 



Arthur J Gallagher's (AJG) CEO Patrick Gallagher on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


AJG•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  2:41 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Saia (SAIA) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


SAIA•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  2:41 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Capital Product's (CPLP) CEO Jerry Kalogiratos on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CPLP•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  2:39 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




First Quantum Minerals (FQVLF) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


FQVLF•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  2:39 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Eastman Chemical's (EMN) CEO Mark Costa on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


EMN•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  2:36 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Colfax (CFX) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CFX•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  2:35 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Barclays PLC's (BCS) CEO Jes Staley on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


BCS•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  2:30 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Monotype Imaging Holdings' (TYPE) CEO Scott Landers on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


TYPE•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  2:23 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




NewLink Genetics' (NLNK) CEO Charles Link, Jr. on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


NLNK•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  2:11 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Fortis' (FTS) CEO Barry Perry on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


FTS•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  2:10 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Moog's (MOG.A) CEO John Scannell on Q3 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MOG.A•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  2:09 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Bombardier's (BDRBF) CEO Alain Bellemare on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


BDRBF•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  2:02 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




AV Homes' (AVHI) CEO Roger Cregg on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


AVHI•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  2:02 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Yamana Gold's (AUY) CEO Peter Marrone on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


AUY•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  1:57 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Acadia Healthcare (ACHC) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ACHC•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  1:55 PM

        •
SA Transcripts





123456...4454Next Page





Search Transcripts






You can use: AND,NOT, OR,* *(exact phrase)













 


Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version












Technology Stocks | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Technology StocksRedfin IPO Offers Investors Growth In An Industry Ripe For DisruptionRDFN• Today, 3:26 PM • Michael W ByrneAfter The Smoke Clears - Future Of AmazonAMZN• Today, 3:07 PM • Gary Bourgeault•5 CommentsIntel - Transformation Is On TrackINTC• Today, 2:33 PM • The Value Investor•2 CommentsIntel's Rope-A-Dope StrategyAMD, INTC• Today, 2:29 PM • Mark Hibben•32 CommentsWhy You Should Forget Q2 And Think About Amazon Long TermAMZN• Today, 2:21 PM • Michael A. Ball•12 CommentsWhy Alphabet Stock Fell Despite Beating EPS EstimatesGOOG, GOOGL• Today, 1:54 PM • Markos Kaminis•2 CommentsLowering Apple's Price Target Ahead Of EarningsAAPL• Today, 1:45 PM • Alex Cho•19 CommentsIntel Delivers Strong Earnings, But There Are ConcernsINTC• Today, 1:25 PM • Technology Investing•7 CommentsRedfin Is Scheduled For A Promising IPORDFN• Today, 1:16 PM • Nicholas Durante•5 CommentsSAP: The Right Choices Lead To The Right OutcomesEditors' Pick • SAP• Today, 12:46 PM • Bert Hochfeld•2 CommentsIntel Invests In $30.7 Million Big Switch Networks Expansion RoundINTC• Today, 12:39 PM • Donovan Jones•1 CommentOrange 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesORAN• Today, 12:35 PM • SA TranscriptsAmazon Q2: 3 Red Flags And 1 Potentially Broken Investment ThesisAMZN• Today, 12:32 PM • SIC Investment Research Inc.•14 CommentsAT&T's New Debt - Not What You'd ExpectT• Today, 12:18 PM • Jonathan Weber•10 CommentsReorganization Of Nortel Inversora Finally Set To Unlock Value For Shareholders, Additional Upside From Telecom/Cablevision MergerNTL• Today, 12:10 PM • PineStreetAT&T: A Standup Double Of A QuarterT• Today, 12:00 PM • PendragonY•10 CommentsAMD: The Sky Is Falling, The Sky Is FallingAMD• Today, 11:47 AM • Austin Craig•69 CommentsVerizon Is Flying HigherVZ• Today, 11:42 AM • Josh Arnold•4 CommentsEllie Mae's Quarterly Miss, An Inflection Point?ELLI• Today, 11:35 AM • Shareholders Unite•4 CommentsIt's A Fresh Start: The Transition Story Of BlackBerryBBRY• Today, 11:01 AM • Roy Wang•25 CommentsProximus Group 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesBGAOF• Today, 10:59 AM • SA TranscriptsVerizon: New Quarter, Same ConcernsVZ• Today, 10:54 AM • Robert Riesen•11 CommentsAmazon's 'Horrible Quarter'AMZN• Today, 10:48 AM • Detroit Bear•33 CommentsAmazon.Com: The Clear Case For Regulatory ActionAMZN• Today, 10:37 AM • Paulo Santos•100 CommentsThe American Foxconn Dream: Wisconsin Shells Out $3 Billion To Hon Hai Precision IndustryEditors' Pick • HNHAF• Today, 9:54 AM • Ramon Vredeling•9 CommentsIron Mountain Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesIRM• Today, 9:51 AM • SA TranscriptsPresident Trump's Chief Strategist Wants To DeFANG Facebook And GoogleFB, GOOG, GOOGL• Today, 9:32 AM • David Pinsen•46 CommentsVerizon's Q2 2017 Earnings: Impressive Financial Results But Concerns RemainVZ• Today, 8:53 AM • WG Investment Research•5 CommentsNETGEAR's Q2 Good Enough To Support A Higher MultipleEditors' Pick • NTGR• Today, 8:15 AM • Vince Martin•2 CommentsAT&T: Black Swan Buyers May Signal Major Market SelloffT• Today, 8:01 AM • David Alton Clark•31 CommentsNot Confident Of Your Retirement? You're Not AloneT• Today, 8:00 AM • George Schneider•23 CommentsAmazon Is A Trade Not An InvestmentAMZN• Today, 5:37 AM • Forrest Wilson•55 CommentsSafran SA 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesSAFRF• Today, 3:07 AM • SA TranscriptsLogitech: Irrational Sell-Off Has Created A Dip Buying OpportunityLOGI• Today, 1:46 AM • Hudson River Capital Research•7 CommentsCypress: As Good As It GetsCY• Today, 1:35 AM • Out of Ignorance•7 CommentsA Bear's Trade On Cisco For 5.6% IncomeCSCO• Yesterday, 9:00 PM • Eric Basmajian•28 CommentsRogers Communications - The Telecom Riding The Market Like There Is No TomorrowRCI• Yesterday, 8:18 PM • The Dividend Guy•2 CommentsFlex Ltd.. 2018 Q1 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesFLEX• Yesterday, 8:01 PM • SA Transcripts•1 CommentThe Sage Group To Acquire Intacct For Financial Management SolutionsSGGEF• Yesterday, 7:46 PM • Donovan JonesGigamon, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesGIMO• Yesterday, 7:42 PM • SA TranscriptsAMD: The Price Is Still SillyAMD• Yesterday, 7:24 PM • Michael Wiggins De Oliveira•150 CommentsAmazon: Ugly Q3 Guidance Easily PredictedAMZN• Yesterday, 7:18 PM • Stone Fox Capital•81 CommentsInphi: Accelerating In The High-Speed LaneIPHI• Yesterday, 7:10 PM • Atanas Baldzhiyski•2 CommentsNational Instruments Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesNATI• Yesterday, 7:08 PM • SA TranscriptsIBM Will Fail Where Microsoft ThrivesMSFT, IBM• Yesterday, 6:37 PM • The Dividend Guy•25 CommentsForecasting Apple's Q3 Using Apple GuidanceAAPL• Yesterday, 6:37 PM • Scott Nickerson•13 CommentsThis Is Not Your Grandfather's AT&TEditors' Pick • T• Yesterday, 6:23 PM • Chuck Carnevale•75 CommentsAmazon: First Look And AWS ThoughtsAMZN• Yesterday, 6:21 PM • D.M. Martins Research•44 CommentsVeon: Launching A New ProductVEON• Yesterday, 5:22 PM • KMP Ideas•1 CommentA10 Networks, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesATEN• Yesterday, 4:58 PM • SA TranscriptsAT&T Remains Strong For Income InvestorsT• Yesterday, 4:58 PM • Aisha Rahman•23 Comments8X8 Inc 2018 Q1 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesEGHT• Yesterday, 4:50 PM • SA TranscriptsXiaomi Comeback Marches On, But Will It Last?XI• Yesterday, 4:24 PM • Doug YoungLooking Deeper Into AMD's EarningsAMD• Yesterday, 4:22 PM • Technology Investing•96 CommentsApple A Buy For The Total Return InvestorAAPL• Yesterday, 4:13 PM • William Stamm•5 CommentsAT&T And Time Warner:  Strong AT&T Earnings Enhance The Case For The Combined EntityT• Yesterday, 3:22 PM • Comanche Peak Investments•13 CommentsIchor Systems: An Unknown GemICHR• Yesterday, 3:16 PM • Jeremy Rowe•8 CommentsMicrosoft Riding High On The CloudMSFT• Yesterday, 3:13 PM • Sramana Mitra•4 CommentsFacebook Joins The Half A Trillion ClubFB• Yesterday, 3:01 PM • Bespoke Investment Group•18 CommentsApple: Analysis Of Its New Long-Term DebtAAPL• Yesterday, 2:33 PM • Samuel Eneh•8 CommentsTexas Instruments: The Auto Segment Is StrongTXN• Yesterday, 2:30 PM • Roman Luzgin•5 CommentsIntel Earnings Preview: Q2 Results Come Out After Market CloseINTC• Yesterday, 2:09 PM • JJ Kinahan•4 CommentsActivision Earnings PredictionATVI• Yesterday, 2:08 PM • Earnings Forecast Focus•13 CommentsFacebook - Very Strong Quarter For This GARP PlayFB• Yesterday, 2:08 PM • The Value Investor•9 CommentsWhy Imagination Technologies Might Be A Perfect Acquisition For NvidiaNVDA• Yesterday, 2:00 PM • Motek Moyen•46 CommentsIs Twitter Suffering From A Trump Hangover: Have Mass Boycotts Begun?TWTR• Yesterday, 1:54 PM • Paul Franke•35 CommentsTwitter: Lacking The Network Effect The Market WantsTWTR• Yesterday, 1:11 PM • Stone Fox Capital•16 CommentsAMD Earnings TakeawaysAMD• Yesterday, 1:06 PM • Earnings Forecast Focus•43 CommentsActivist Investor Is Catalyst To Unlock Significant Value At Edgewater TechnologyEditors' Pick • EDGW• Yesterday, 1:05 PM • Jim RoumellLiquidity Services Is Out Of Favor, Overlooked, Misunderstood And UndervaluedEditors' Pick • LQDT• Yesterday, 12:55 PM • Jim Roumell•4 CommentsE-Commerce Giant Amazon Reports Q2 Earnings Today After Market CloseAMZN• Yesterday, 12:50 PM • JJ Kinahan•20 CommentsGoogle Home Has Competitive Strengths In Fast Growing Smart Speaker MarketGOOG, GOOGL• Yesterday, 12:50 PM • LD Investments•19 CommentsTwitter: Testing Investors' PatienceTWTR• Yesterday, 12:43 PM • D.M. Martins Research•8 CommentsTwitter Q2 Earnings: The Ship Is GroundedTWTR• Yesterday, 12:21 PM • Amigobulls•5 CommentsMomo: An Investment To Consider?MOMO• Yesterday, 12:11 PM • William Pruzinsky•5 Comments123456...1163Next Page





Technology Stocks | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Technology StocksRedfin IPO Offers Investors Growth In An Industry Ripe For DisruptionRDFN• Today, 3:26 PM • Michael W ByrneAfter The Smoke Clears - Future Of AmazonAMZN• Today, 3:07 PM • Gary Bourgeault•5 CommentsIntel - Transformation Is On TrackINTC• Today, 2:33 PM • The Value Investor•2 CommentsIntel's Rope-A-Dope StrategyAMD, INTC• Today, 2:29 PM • Mark Hibben•32 CommentsWhy You Should Forget Q2 And Think About Amazon Long TermAMZN• Today, 2:21 PM • Michael A. Ball•12 CommentsWhy Alphabet Stock Fell Despite Beating EPS EstimatesGOOG, GOOGL• Today, 1:54 PM • Markos Kaminis•2 CommentsLowering Apple's Price Target Ahead Of EarningsAAPL• Today, 1:45 PM • Alex Cho•19 CommentsIntel Delivers Strong Earnings, But There Are ConcernsINTC• Today, 1:25 PM • Technology Investing•7 CommentsRedfin Is Scheduled For A Promising IPORDFN• Today, 1:16 PM • Nicholas Durante•5 CommentsSAP: The Right Choices Lead To The Right OutcomesEditors' Pick • SAP• Today, 12:46 PM • Bert Hochfeld•2 CommentsIntel Invests In $30.7 Million Big Switch Networks Expansion RoundINTC• Today, 12:39 PM • Donovan Jones•1 CommentOrange 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesORAN• Today, 12:35 PM • SA TranscriptsAmazon Q2: 3 Red Flags And 1 Potentially Broken Investment ThesisAMZN• Today, 12:32 PM • SIC Investment Research Inc.•14 CommentsAT&T's New Debt - Not What You'd ExpectT• Today, 12:18 PM • Jonathan Weber•10 CommentsReorganization Of Nortel Inversora Finally Set To Unlock Value For Shareholders, Additional Upside From Telecom/Cablevision MergerNTL• Today, 12:10 PM • PineStreetAT&T: A Standup Double Of A QuarterT• Today, 12:00 PM • PendragonY•10 CommentsAMD: The Sky Is Falling, The Sky Is FallingAMD• Today, 11:47 AM • Austin Craig•69 CommentsVerizon Is Flying HigherVZ• Today, 11:42 AM • Josh Arnold•4 CommentsEllie Mae's Quarterly Miss, An Inflection Point?ELLI• Today, 11:35 AM • Shareholders Unite•4 CommentsIt's A Fresh Start: The Transition Story Of BlackBerryBBRY• Today, 11:01 AM • Roy Wang•25 CommentsProximus Group 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesBGAOF• Today, 10:59 AM • SA TranscriptsVerizon: New Quarter, Same ConcernsVZ• Today, 10:54 AM • Robert Riesen•11 CommentsAmazon's 'Horrible Quarter'AMZN• Today, 10:48 AM • Detroit Bear•33 CommentsAmazon.Com: The Clear Case For Regulatory ActionAMZN• Today, 10:37 AM • Paulo Santos•100 CommentsThe American Foxconn Dream: Wisconsin Shells Out $3 Billion To Hon Hai Precision IndustryEditors' Pick • HNHAF• Today, 9:54 AM • Ramon Vredeling•9 CommentsIron Mountain Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesIRM• Today, 9:51 AM • SA TranscriptsPresident Trump's Chief Strategist Wants To DeFANG Facebook And GoogleFB, GOOG, GOOGL• Today, 9:32 AM • David Pinsen•46 CommentsVerizon's Q2 2017 Earnings: Impressive Financial Results But Concerns RemainVZ• Today, 8:53 AM • WG Investment Research•5 CommentsNETGEAR's Q2 Good Enough To Support A Higher MultipleEditors' Pick • NTGR• Today, 8:15 AM • Vince Martin•2 CommentsAT&T: Black Swan Buyers May Signal Major Market SelloffT• Today, 8:01 AM • David Alton Clark•31 CommentsNot Confident Of Your Retirement? You're Not AloneT• Today, 8:00 AM • George Schneider•23 CommentsAmazon Is A Trade Not An InvestmentAMZN• Today, 5:37 AM • Forrest Wilson•55 CommentsSafran SA 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesSAFRF• Today, 3:07 AM • SA TranscriptsLogitech: Irrational Sell-Off Has Created A Dip Buying OpportunityLOGI• Today, 1:46 AM • Hudson River Capital Research•7 CommentsCypress: As Good As It GetsCY• Today, 1:35 AM • Out of Ignorance•7 CommentsA Bear's Trade On Cisco For 5.6% IncomeCSCO• Yesterday, 9:00 PM • Eric Basmajian•28 CommentsRogers Communications - The Telecom Riding The Market Like There Is No TomorrowRCI• Yesterday, 8:18 PM • The Dividend Guy•2 CommentsFlex Ltd.. 2018 Q1 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesFLEX• Yesterday, 8:01 PM • SA Transcripts•1 CommentThe Sage Group To Acquire Intacct For Financial Management SolutionsSGGEF• Yesterday, 7:46 PM • Donovan JonesGigamon, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesGIMO• Yesterday, 7:42 PM • SA TranscriptsAMD: The Price Is Still SillyAMD• Yesterday, 7:24 PM • Michael Wiggins De Oliveira•150 CommentsAmazon: Ugly Q3 Guidance Easily PredictedAMZN• Yesterday, 7:18 PM • Stone Fox Capital•81 CommentsInphi: Accelerating In The High-Speed LaneIPHI• Yesterday, 7:10 PM • Atanas Baldzhiyski•2 CommentsNational Instruments Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesNATI• Yesterday, 7:08 PM • SA TranscriptsIBM Will Fail Where Microsoft ThrivesMSFT, IBM• Yesterday, 6:37 PM • The Dividend Guy•25 CommentsForecasting Apple's Q3 Using Apple GuidanceAAPL• Yesterday, 6:37 PM • Scott Nickerson•13 CommentsThis Is Not Your Grandfather's AT&TEditors' Pick • T• Yesterday, 6:23 PM • Chuck Carnevale•75 CommentsAmazon: First Look And AWS ThoughtsAMZN• Yesterday, 6:21 PM • D.M. Martins Research•44 CommentsVeon: Launching A New ProductVEON• Yesterday, 5:22 PM • KMP Ideas•1 CommentA10 Networks, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesATEN• Yesterday, 4:58 PM • SA TranscriptsAT&T Remains Strong For Income InvestorsT• Yesterday, 4:58 PM • Aisha Rahman•23 Comments8X8 Inc 2018 Q1 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesEGHT• Yesterday, 4:50 PM • SA TranscriptsXiaomi Comeback Marches On, But Will It Last?XI• Yesterday, 4:24 PM • Doug YoungLooking Deeper Into AMD's EarningsAMD• Yesterday, 4:22 PM • Technology Investing•96 CommentsApple A Buy For The Total Return InvestorAAPL• Yesterday, 4:13 PM • William Stamm•5 CommentsAT&T And Time Warner:  Strong AT&T Earnings Enhance The Case For The Combined EntityT• Yesterday, 3:22 PM • Comanche Peak Investments•13 CommentsIchor Systems: An Unknown GemICHR• Yesterday, 3:16 PM • Jeremy Rowe•8 CommentsMicrosoft Riding High On The CloudMSFT• Yesterday, 3:13 PM • Sramana Mitra•4 CommentsFacebook Joins The Half A Trillion ClubFB• Yesterday, 3:01 PM • Bespoke Investment Group•18 CommentsApple: Analysis Of Its New Long-Term DebtAAPL• Yesterday, 2:33 PM • Samuel Eneh•8 CommentsTexas Instruments: The Auto Segment Is StrongTXN• Yesterday, 2:30 PM • Roman Luzgin•5 CommentsIntel Earnings Preview: Q2 Results Come Out After Market CloseINTC• Yesterday, 2:09 PM • JJ Kinahan•4 CommentsActivision Earnings PredictionATVI• Yesterday, 2:08 PM • Earnings Forecast Focus•13 CommentsFacebook - Very Strong Quarter For This GARP PlayFB• Yesterday, 2:08 PM • The Value Investor•9 CommentsWhy Imagination Technologies Might Be A Perfect Acquisition For NvidiaNVDA• Yesterday, 2:00 PM • Motek Moyen•46 CommentsIs Twitter Suffering From A Trump Hangover: Have Mass Boycotts Begun?TWTR• Yesterday, 1:54 PM • Paul Franke•35 CommentsTwitter: Lacking The Network Effect The Market WantsTWTR• Yesterday, 1:11 PM • Stone Fox Capital•16 CommentsAMD Earnings TakeawaysAMD• Yesterday, 1:06 PM • Earnings Forecast Focus•43 CommentsActivist Investor Is Catalyst To Unlock Significant Value At Edgewater TechnologyEditors' Pick • EDGW• Yesterday, 1:05 PM • Jim RoumellLiquidity Services Is Out Of Favor, Overlooked, Misunderstood And UndervaluedEditors' Pick • LQDT• Yesterday, 12:55 PM • Jim Roumell•4 CommentsE-Commerce Giant Amazon Reports Q2 Earnings Today After Market CloseAMZN• Yesterday, 12:50 PM • JJ Kinahan•20 CommentsGoogle Home Has Competitive Strengths In Fast Growing Smart Speaker MarketGOOG, GOOGL• Yesterday, 12:50 PM • LD Investments•19 CommentsTwitter: Testing Investors' PatienceTWTR• Yesterday, 12:43 PM • D.M. Martins Research•8 CommentsTwitter Q2 Earnings: The Ship Is GroundedTWTR• Yesterday, 12:21 PM • Amigobulls•5 CommentsMomo: An Investment To Consider?MOMO• Yesterday, 12:11 PM • William Pruzinsky•5 Comments123456...1163Next Page





RingCentral, Inc. (RNG) CEO Vladimir Shmunis on Q1 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»RingCentral, Inc. (RNG) CEO Vladimir Shmunis on Q1 2016 Results - Earnings Call TranscriptApr.28.16 | About: RingCentral, Inc. (RNG) RingCentral, Inc. (NYSE:RNG)
Q1 2016 Earnings Call
April 27, 2016 4:30 PM ET
Executives
Darren Yip – Director of Investor Relations
Vladimir Shmunis – Founder, Chairman, and Chief Executive Officer
Clyde Hosein – Chief Financial Officer
Analysts
Bhavan Suri – William Blair
Terry Tillman – Raymond James
Nikolay Beliov – Bank of America
Mike Latimore – Northland Capital Market
John Difucci – Jeffries
Daniel Greenfield – Oppenheimer and Company
Sterling Auty – J.P. Morgan
Jonathan Kees – Summit Research
Kash Rangan – BOA Merrill Lynch
Operator
Greetings and welcome to RingCentral First Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question and answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.
I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Darren Yip, Director of Investor Relations for RingCentral. Thank you. Mr. Yip, you may begin.
Darren Yip
Thank you. Good afternoon and welcome to RingCentral's first quarter 2016 earnings conference call. I'm Darren Yip, RingCentral's Director of Investor Relations. Joining me today are Vlad Shmunis, Founder, Chairman, and CEO; and Clyde Hosein, Chief Financial Officer.
Our format today will include prepared remarks by Vlad and Clyde followed by Q&A. The primary purpose of today's call is to provide you with information regarding our performance for the first quarter 2016 along with our financial outlook for our second quarter and full-year 2016.
Some of our discussions and responses to your questions may contain forward-looking statements, including statements regarding our expected financial results for the second quarter and full-year of 2016. Our future plans, prospects and opportunities, trends in the business communications market, our expectations regarding our expansion internationally and up-market, our partner relationships with our indirect channel including players and bars, the expected benefit of our integrated partnership, open platform, the Glip and Contact Center products, and our Global Office solution, our new phone distribution model, and our and our growth strategies, current and future market position, and expected growth.
These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from our forward-looking statements and projections for a variety of reasons, including but not limited to general economic, and market conditions, the effects of competition and technological change; the success of our marketing, sales and retention efforts; and customer demand for an acceptance of our products and services.
A discussion of the risks and uncertainties related to our business is contained in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is incorporated by reference into today's discussion. We disclaim any obligation to update information contained in our forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise.
I encourage you to visit our Investor Relations website at ir.ringcentral.com to access our earnings press release and slide presentation, our non-GAAP to GAAP reconciliation, our periodic SEC reports, a webcast replay of today's call, and to learn more about RingCentral.
With that, let me turn the call over to Vlad.
Vladimir Shmunis
Thank you, Darren. The first quarter was a great start to 2016 for RingCentral. We delivered strong top line growth combined with continued margin expansion. Average ARR or RingCentral Office grew 45% year-over-year. RingCentral Office is about a $272 million recurrence revenue business and represents over 95% of our net new business.
Underpinning the growth of Office were key three drivers. First we're successfully executing [indiscernible] market. Second, we had the strongest quarter in our indirect channel and third we are beginning to see initiation traction in multinational enterprises with our Global Office division.

The cloud communications market has reached strategic point. After several years of the gradual shift to the cloud we believe the debate between on premise and cloud is finally over with the evidence that the balance first steps to the ground. On-prem is finally acknowledging the shift. They are trying to give it their business model to accommodate the crowd. As the event begins to talk more about cloud it is of interest that derives confidence continues to ride. Likely the competitors can talk about the future that is two to three years away. RingCentral is already here with the platform that is market rating and focused with no direction in our mid-market. It's hit an inflexion point for RingCentral since last year with title stand coming up meaningfully.
For the first two quarters our mid-market ROI has exceeded that of more business. In order words it' now is more cost efficient for us long term to acquire a customer with over 50 employees than as in the past. This is a momentum and will expect till April with our enterprise account down the line. On the interest side our adaptic to the new business model but every cloud solution is will hold it. This validates the specific point that I mentioned earlier, which is an outstanding quarter with us generating significant new business in Q1. The overall total addressable markets remained confused, under penetrated. Gartner estimates that close to a $1 billion was spent on on-premise based telephony over the last four years. On-premise solutions primarily were [indiscernible]. The stamp where the market is much larger. It includes other areas of the specification including messaging, collaboration, contact center and VVA and other capability.
Additionally our unique open platform enabled integration to custom workload and other best of this offer. Under this by our unwavering commitment to technology leadership the other three main growth drivers does not change. These are one, expenses of market. Two, international reach and three, strong execution with our channel partner.
In the first quarter we are continuing to see good progress in all of these areas. The progress are marked. As I mentioned expansion of markets continue to show great progress in Q1 in the fiscal first due to market segments the successful expansion into large enterprises has driven annual revenue price well over 100. This segment now account for about 35% of RingCentral Office bookings up from about 30% last year. Also I am proud to announce that we have now doubled customer with over seven figured contemplated.
All this has combined led to ARR growth for this segment to be over 100% year-over-year for the eighth consecutive quarter and this on a much large base. ROI for customers with 32,000 employees is a best across all our direct selling sector. This is one industry will continue expanding up margin resulting in high quality revenue with attractive return. This also gives us extra confidence in our enterprise segment namely with customers with over 1,000 computer. We believe this segment will follow a similar path and we are positioning ourselves to continue.
In Q1 our sales team had its best ever quarter thus introducing this concept. For example, Europe as you know, we will now be expanding our footprint there to include our global office feasibility as well as our competitor. The install base continues to grow and provide an insulated more predictable ready to grow more than start of the group gain from existing customer, we expect the land and expand opportunities to continue to increase as we install the upmarket adoptions.
We also continue to expand longer term contract, greater than two-thirds of net new Office bookings potential customers opting for annual or multi-year agreement, as a result more than half of our Office install base is now under contract.

Second, expanding our international region, during Q1 we announced an expanded international footprint with our Global Office product, this is a very important growth driver and key differentiator in the enterprise segment connecting multiple on-premise legacy system compounded by multiple geographies is very complex and expensive. This also result in full user and administrator experience. Results of Global Office stop this pain point. It provides [indiscernible] and local in-country experience while being globally connected together on a single cloud communication provider. This sculptor give good momentum with the boot into multinational enterprises. In the short period of just three months installing out our Global Office project overriding that by hundred multinational companies on Global Office.
One such example is that a leading provider of Enterprise-Ready build the platform. Total works looking for the solution quickly extend its present in different geographies while not overburdening the IT staff. We won the deal by providing very abroad a local user experience while being globally connected together. In addition, we also displaced their existing competent provider with our cloud solution that is closely integrated with [indiscernible]. Similarly, we recently won a 2,000 user deployment with ARC Document Solutions. ARC is a global technology company focused on document and information management. With over 180 locations around the world, ARC was looking for a single, reliable global solution to cover their needs.
The third key growth driver I referred was our strong partner relationship with indirect channel that includes carriers and parts. Leveraging partners to provide more feasibility that indirect channel contributed approximately 25% of earnings in Q1 up from 29% year ago. With AT&A, BT and TELUS we remain the only pure-play SaaS business communications company with multiple major carriers reselling our solution.
In the third quarter we continue to expand this out from our carrier partner. In spite of Q1 being typically a seasonally slow carriers we see a sequential increase in our carrier business. It was a great start to the year. One example of the win with the carrier partner was the 1000 user customer. This customer is a reseller of communications and service across all application. The key to this win was our unique multicenter solution to intense their employee presence.
[Indiscernible] a great booking quarter as well as our partners adapt the customer's request to move to the cloud. In fact, several of the business deals came from one party. For example one of the well partners worked without order [indiscernible] to deliver a more than 1000 user wins with the Avaya [ph] company. Avaya [ph] is a world class franchise restaurant operator with over 300 venture. RingCentral is a place of their multiple legacy CDF. Quality of service and attempts to implement were key factors in the win. RingCentral growth of the occasion by signing and deploying over the units within the quarter. In addition Avaya channel partner closed a 600 set deal at the Avaya [ph] a multinational company spread around the world.
Into the holding company where franchises such as [indiscernible]. The Avaya [ph] group is utilizing Global Office to software need aboard in the UK and Germany.
On the technology front we continue to innovate at a rapid pace. RingCentral has the first mover advantage as a dual play cloud solution to capture the size and sifts in communications and in collaboration to the cloud. [Indiscernible] has remained solidly the largest and fastest growing provider in the space.
We have consistently invested for 15% of revenue both into R&D to maintain and accelerate R&D. We believe a focus on rapid innovation has been and will continue to be a significant differentiator to develop growth. The cycle is measured in weeks, not months or years. We are well ahead of the competition in terms of investment, innovation, possible integration and product portfolio. We are able to do this because the combined go-to-market up and core technology are all under one role.

It drives faster deployment and deployment cycle and spend for better customer satisfaction overall. This is a big advantage even relative to the needs of the customer when compared to legacy on-premise capital solutions. To that end we're making good progress in our quest to tightly integrate diversification and collaboration in the cloud. We recently unveiled a new capability that enables you to specifically transition from a Glip messaging to a voice with a simple click of a button. This is [indiscernible] to integration of the enterprise cloud visibility with an initiative evaluation tool. This will create a more streamline and convenient experience for all our users. For the 2,000 user ARC Document Solutions I mentioned earlier all Glip enterprise messaging an collaboration capability were a key differentiator in winning the deal.
With a slight refund in Q1 we also continued to open platform with closer integration. Last quarter, we achieved a significant milestone of over $1 million sales price API requests per day through the platform, up 20% sequentially.
Additionally, we saw more than 50 stores for integration in the quarter, raising the total to over 175. This integration provides the definitive benefit for our customer while creating further growth for RingCentral.
In Q1 one example of which was driven by RingCentral Connect platform visibility 1.8 400 user customer as one of the major largest major electric company. The seamless integration with Google was critical for this business. Integration is a new vertical are also part of our enterprise drill strategy to create an abundant solution for our customer. However power integration with [indiscernible] is a self-started vertical. Now the patients automatically enables medical officer workers to see this a 60 degrees view of a patient's medical and insurance profile. We're now working on a similar integration of the insurance industry. At Medical [indiscernible] detained a customer of potential of last year with over 1000 user.
Expanding this customer relationship with an integrated partnership is in our ecosystem expansion strategy. This gives us a vertical integration for yet another differentiator for extensive office to extend our margin. Our clause comp extensor offering seems to unlock meaningful new facilities for restructure. In Q1 we want profit sensor users at the holding. It is one of the largest independent honor of absolute authority to disseminate. Our ability to provide one solution for communications series was key to this win. Our extended product portfolio with the recent cloud comp extensive offering is also increasing our extent. These are all the growth of multi channels in beverages. We could not provide to the customer. This has allowed us to close out of the install base and to the extend our deployment in other areas.
However that market is playing out as we set multiple vendors of growth alongside this huge opportunity created by business communications suggestive of the cloud puts us in a great position. We are well ahead of communications in terms of investments in innovation, partnerships and integration. The cloud communication market traditionally is early stages. We are still in very earnings inning with the long run rate attached. We could more than double the size of the company in the last few years and still be well under 10% share of the overall market. These are early innings indeed as the best is yet to come.
And with that, I'll now turn the call over to Clyde.
Clyde Hosein
Thank you, Vlad, and good afternoon, everyone. Before I begin, I want to ask that you refer to the slide deck on our Investor Relations website, which will help summarize the key points in our call today, as well as provide some supplemental information.

Q1 was a great start to the year highlighted by another quarter of over 30% subscription revenue growth, record software subscription gross margins of 80% and a third consecutive quarter of positive non-GAAP operating margin. Relative to our guidance, we once again met or exceeded the high end of our outlook for revenue, growth in operating margin, and EPS. Total annualized exit monthly recurring subscriptions or ARR grew to approximately $340 million, up 34% year-over-year and 7% sequentially. The ARR for RingCentral Office grew to approximately $269 million, up 45% year-over-year and 9% sequentially.
Customer satisfaction continued to be strong in Q1, with overall net monthly subscription dollar retention over 99%. Office net monthly subscription dollar retention was once again over 100% as it is common for customers to adopt RingCentral office in part of the organization and increase their footprint over time. Our software subscription revenue was $80 million up 33% year-over-year and 5% sequentially. This was driven by a strong performance in office especially up market along with a very strong quarter in our indirect channel.
Total revenue for the first quarter was $86.5 million. This was above our guidance of $39.5 million to $82.5 million. Compared to the midpoint of guidance this was an over achievement of $5.5 million. I would note that this $5.5 million over achievement includes about $2.6 million as a result of the transitions to the new agency model for our phone fulfillment as we were conservative in our initial forecast given this was the first quarter of implementation for the new model.
As a reminder, in the first quarter of 2016 we began to transition direct phone sales to an agency model where phones are sold to our customers by a third party distributor. Under the new agency model RingCentral received the commission for phone sales instead of recognizing the full sale price. In order to provide transparency to investors we have provided supplemental information on a pro forma basis to provide a clear comparison of the company's result with prior periods under the new agency model. The pro forma information reflects the result as if the company had fully transitioned to the new agency model for the first quarter of 2016 and for all periods in 2015.
This supplemental information is provided in today's press release and on our IR website.
Adjusting for the new agency model on a comparable basis by removing the $2.6 million additional revenue from the transition I mentioned earlier pro forma total revenue was $83.9 million and grew 34% year-over-year. This was up from $62.7 million in the first quarter of 2015. There is no change to software subscription revenues under this model.
Before I move further down the income statement I want to remind you that my commentary will be focused on pro forma results and guidance. A reconciliation of all GAAP to pro forma results is provided with our earnings press release issued earlier today and in the slide deck on our IR website.
Our software subscription gross margin was a record 80% in Q1. This represents a 590 basis points improvement year-over-year on a 140 basis points improvement sequentially. Our continued margin expansion further demonstrates the leverage from our multi-tenant SaaS model. This 80% gross margin achievement places us amongst the best-in-class SaaS. Pro forma gross margin from our other revenue line was 39% in the quarter. Other revenue includes commission under the agency model, professional services, and revenues from phone rental. Pro forma total gross margin was 78%. Sales and marketing expenses were about $40 million for the quarter or 47% of revenues. This was up from 46% last quarter and down from 48% in the first quarter a year ago as we continued to invest in growth given our model attractive unit economics.

As Vlad noted we have seen mid-market sales and marketer's ROI's surpass those of the small business sector. You may recall that we discussed investing into the midmarket ahead of the curve and we are started to see that pay off. These efficiencies give us the capability to further invest in the mid-market and enterprise market segment, which should result in higher quality and stickier revenue to the company. As a testament to our business model combined with the efficiencies I mentioned above, we continued to see attractive unit economics with each dollar invested in sales and marketing contributed $8 of revenue and $5 of contribution margin over the projected life of an office consumer.
R&D expenses were $13 million in the first quarter or 16% of revenues, down from about 17% last quarter and Q1 a year ago.
G&A expenses were about $12 million in Q1 or 14% of revenues, up a point from 13% last quarter and down from 15% we reported in the first quarter of 2015. We had an operating profit of about $1.3 million, from an operating margin of 1.5%, which is above our guidance of breakeven to 0.5%. This is an improvement of nine points from the first quarter a year ago and about 0.5 point from last quarter.
Net income improved to $1 million compared to a net loss of $5.3 million in Q1 of last year and $0.5 million profit last quarter. Net income per share was $0.01, at the high end of our Q1 guidance range of breakeven plus or minus $0.01 per share. Share count was 75 million fully diluted shares.
On a GAAP basis, our Q1 net loss was $6.6 million, or a loss of $0.09 per share. The difference between our GAAP and pro forma results includes $7.6 million or $0.10 per share. Of that amount $0.09 per share was in stock-based compensation from the combination of amortization of intangibles and other items related to the Glip acquisition and from currency measurement of our balance sheet all of which we excluded from our pro forma results. We ended Q1 with cash and short term investment of $159 million compared to $138 million at the end of Q4. Deferred revenue was $39million as of December 31, an increase of 6 sequentially and 38year-over-year. Deferred revenue grew faster than revenue year-over-year, due primarily to the addition of larger customers who are more receptive to annual invoices 0. For the quarter, cash flow from operations was positive $4.8 million, compared to negative $72,000 in Q4 of last year and positive $2.9 million in last quarter.
This is the fourth consecutive quarter of positive operated cash flow result. Moving to our outlook for the second quarter and full year 2016. We have historically provided guidance to total revenue. Today we will also be providing guidance to subscription revenue for additional clarity. For the second quarter we expect software subscription revenues of $83 million to $84 million or growth of about 29% to 30% year-over-year. We expect total revenue of $86.5 million to $88.5 million which are the pro forma basis would imply year-over-year of 27% to 30%. We expect non-GAAP operated margin of 1% to 2%. This should lead to a non-GAAP earnings per share of breakeven to two penny based on 76 million weighted average fully diluted share.
For the full year 2016 we are raising our software subscription revenue guidance to $344 million to $350 million or growth of 27% to 29% and up from our previous guidance of $337 million to $345 million. We are raising our total revenue guidance to $359 million to $367 million up from our previous guidance of $247 million to $357 million. On a pro forma basis this would imply a year-over-year growth of 26% to 29%. We are also within our outlook for pro forma operating margin to a range of 1% to 2% up from 1% to 1.5% we provided last quarter. This should lead to pro forma earnings per share of $0.03 to $0.07 up from $0.01 to $0.05 previously. We expect weighted average fully diluted shares to be $77 million.

In summary we started 2016 with great momentum across multiple growth factors which bodes well for our future success throughout the year. We are going after a huge under penetrated market opportunity. We believe our first mover advantage in investment and innovation, channel partners, and expanding our adjustable market will continue to differentiate RingCentral as the industry leader.
With that, I'll turn the call over to the operator for Q&A.
Question-and-Answer Session
Operator
Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Ladies and gentlemen, at this time, we will be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Bhavan Suri with William Blair. Please proceed with your question and please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up question in an order of time, so we can get to everybody's questions. Thank you.
Bhavan Suri
Hey, Vlad and Clyde, can you hear me okay.
Vladimir Shmunis
Yeah, Bhavan.
Clyde Hosein
Yeah, just fine, hi, Bhavan.
Bhavan Suri
Hey, Vlad congrats on a great quarter you guys. A nice set of numbers there and nice guidance. Vlad despite you're obviously being a little unwell I hope you feel better. Just a dive into questions. The bigger question I think that investors are wrestling with is around your relationship with AT&T and sort of the concerns of the rollout sort of a what could be viewed as a potential competitive offering. We would love just to get an update on how the relationship is progressing? And sort of how you view what might play out there over time, and I have a follow after that? Thank you.
Vladimir Shmunis
Sure, Bhavan, so yeah, Vlad I'll take this one. Okay so firstly, yes I'm a little bit disappointed with the weather. Unfortunately also [indiscernible] and it had a very full day of meetings yet, but is for good cause, but I think I'll be fine. Look as far as the AT&T I think it is same answer, it would be fine. AT&T has been a long-term value jumbo partner of ours. We have co-existed with other service providers and other vendors within the AT&T ecosystem. We've completed within and survived within the environment very effectively. To be clear our relationship with AT&T actually coincides that of most of the other service providers in this area and there continued to be still big with reasons to continue thinking that this is a healthy relationship. We're still in a need in their portfolio. Their own pronouncement lately have indicated that the fact that they will continue offering the best solution for use case. So we're pretty optimistic as this relationship will continue and will continue keep growing.
Bhavan Suri
Great, that's really helpful. And then one quick follow up if I may, you talked about sort of the value again moving up market. We've obviously seen that in terms of the deferred the billing. Just a quick question on investment do you think it’s going to need, you know you shipped the sales force and you added sort of a mid-market enterprise sale force do you need to continue increase estimate as you move up mid-market or do you think that at least for this year you got those investments build into you guidance and numbers to continue allowing penetrating up market?
Vladimir Shmunis
Yes. So, let me take the first bit. So first related to DataClear yes, that we're a growing company and you can see our growth it speaks for itself. Of course, we're planning to continue our interment, but every investment that we're planning to do is of course built into the guidance. So, no of course, we will not be projecting a negative trend and as you know, this has not been our history from day one with [indiscernible] a further conservative [indiscernible].
Now, with respect to mid-market in particular, it's actually a very interesting point and I just resorted in my prepared comments, but I want to reiterate. It is really a momentous occasion for us that now our midmarket ROI is actually better than that of what we get with molded. So what this really means and this used to be not be the case because it was a more than double for us, so as we were scaling up since we're not as efficient. But we are now finally in a situation to where it is actually, on ROI basis made better business sense for us to invest midmarket than even in the smaller businesses where we started stronger a number of years ago.

So yes, we'll continue this investment, very focused given this revenue. We are extremely optimistic and we actually have a very solid base at [indiscernible] at this point that this success should also transfer over into enterprise account and would define mid-market as absolute and enterprise as [indiscernible]. So we will continue the investment, continue growth and we are confident to continue the growth in ROI. And Clyde anything you want to this.
Clyde Hosein
No, Vlad, I think you covered it. The key is in mid-market just to reiterate the efficiency that we see in which makes it a lot more easy and more efficient to grow revenues in that mid-market, so I think you did a great job.
Operator
Our next question comes from the line of Terry Tillman with Raymond James. Please proceed with your question.
Terry Tillman
Hi, gentlemen. Can you hear me okay?
Vladimir Shmunis
Yes.
Terry Tillman
Okay. Hi [indiscernible] I like [indiscernible] first off, great numbers. The first question is the broader competitive question in terms of the classic characters you see in the SMB market or the small business market, mid-market enterprise are you seeing any changes in terms of who you're seeing. And could you remind us until one comment Vlad on how or why we win across those segments?
Vladimir Shmunis
Sure, so let me take you through that so why do we win. We win because we still have a better product, better usable product. We continue meaningfully out basic over our competition investment in R&D. We own our own platform. We are not a reseller of any [indiscernible] as some of our competitors are. And very importantly we invest very heavily into user experience both vis-à-vis the product itself, but also in the entire provisioning on board and life cycle management.
So frankly you get what you pay for and we're very, very heard about valuating the 0best possible product in this category. And I think as always we have third-party validation. In that the absolute magic quadrant leader will get an opportunity this year. So this is far as why we win. And by the way we continue this investment and yes they are also baked into the guidance. And we believe that we are well poised to continue this record of outperformance and excellent technology.
Clyde Hosein
Look as far as the competitors that we see we see larger companies Cisco and Microsoft waiting their chance and saying they also want to be in cloud communication UK segment. And that just means that there is finally broad market acceptance and from that should make that job easier. We no longer need to condemn the government that Cloud is a viable solution for communication for business to obtaining guidance. Of course larger companies are also a bit conservative, but frankly what we did and what you hear from Gartner as we seal the deal. We do this to curb a sizable advantage that measures the entire year both Cisco and Microsoft. And while we're talking a good game we play a good game, so we're comfortable with that.
Terry Tillman
And my follow-up that relates to it's good to see the milestones turn around the upmarket business. Could you remind us? You obviously had the Denver operations and I'm assuming you continue to invest the mass. And how is the seller operating going until we expect regional sale of offices in 2016 or is it going to be more of our prepaying the fence beneath those offices? Thank you?
Clyde Hosein
So we probably see more of a deepening debate, but understand the location that you've mentioned which is Denver and Charlotte. In the course don't forget they are ex-workers in Vermont, it's in Gabelli. This is our major centers, but we do have people throughout and we are effectively covering the entire focus of the United States. Having said this, look Charlotte is our nearest office, but typically well-established playbook. So we know how to onboard people, how to get them to be productive and it's all executive same time as we in the connectively. It's still the same company.

Operator
Our next question comes from the line of Nikolay Beliov from Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Nikolay Beliov
Okay. Thanks for taking my questions and adding my congratulations on the great quarter and the guidance. A quite a hit question for you and just point in the IPO you provided a long-term guidance of subscription but having your gross margins of 75% to 80% you hit 89% in Q1, and you provided long-term gross margin guidance of 70% to 75%, you hit 76% in Q1, which is above the high-end of the long-term guide. You already there, I mean, at this point service tax goes to max to level off or there is more room for improvement here going forward? And how that out performance on the gross margin line might impact your overall EBIT goal of 20% to 25% in the long-term?
Clyde Hosein
Thank you, Nikola. So as a company the team has done a traffic job in executing. We have a terrific team from sales all the way down to operations that got us to 80% on our subscription gross margin couple of years out after the IPO so a big shout-out to all of them and I think it demonstrates the quality of the product and the acceptance of customers. I think it's still a little early we just hit it to look at the extended ranges that might be something for the future. As you know earlier we shifted a model and that shifted a model by direct phone sales is going to help margins that's what you saw on the total gross margin improving, so we will go and implement that and without right now today change in that. As to the bottom line one of things Mike mentioned earlier is a couple of things that we account for you it's still a very large market under penetrated.
We are wining very well in that space, but consistent with SaaS model requires a fund investment in product and sales and marketing and we intend to continue to do that while generating 30% plus of revenue growth. So our bottom line is improving. I think this is third consecutive quarter of improvement, obviously not close to our target yet, but the target is much further long and it probably doesn't reflect 30% growth. So for now in summary, we're very comfortable where we are. I think you might see some modest improvement on total gross margin and we will continue to have that in other market and products that continue to drive the top line.
Nikolay Beliov
Thank you.
Operator
Our next question comes from the line of Mike Latimore from Northland Capital Market. Please proceed with your question.
Mike Latimore
Yeah, great. Thanks a lot. So in this year’s first quarter you saw, you had positive AR growth which was about the same as in the prior quarter whereas in the last year you saw a little bit of slowdown in the first quarter. So is it fair to see kind of the indirect channel in the mid-market are keeping the growth rate a little bit more sustainable?
Clyde Hosein
Well we had a good quarter on indirect. I think Vlad mentioned there is a very good, probably a record – it was a record quarter for indirect, particularly it was and we've invested in that area Mike, as you know for quite a while. That combined with the inflection in the mid-market is beginning to yield good returns for us. So not surprises I would caution you guys not to get too hung up about absolute year-over-year. There will still be some volatility in those year-over-year bookings change. But as we still, as the market is still emerging and then we're mixing it to go to latter customers, hopefully you'll start seeing more and more 1,000 plus customers. So I wouldn't get too hung up at any given quarter, but you're right, we had a very good first quarter partly driven by some of the other growth vectors we have in indirect in general and did particular did well for us.

Mike Latimore
And Vlad you mentioned Cisco and Microsoft racing ahead. I guess clearly you had a very strong first quarter, but I mean just qualitatively are you seeing customers take a little bit longer time here to evaluate those options now or no real changes in sales cycle?
Vladimir Shmunis
Actually, as mentioned is we see a sales start cycle in the mid-market actually contracted a little bit and that it will truly lead to better our ROI our overall. I think that one of the dynamics that you're seeing is that firstly the customers know you no longer need to be convinced of the fact that cloud is the solution of choice. So definitely we see a different point there. We just mentioned that we now have several customers with $1 million commitment on our books that would not be the case up [indiscernible].
And what we see is customers now saying okay, well you know what we are going to do with cloud anyway. Who is the business leader? Who is the segment leader? And I don't know whatever due diligence they do, but the fact remains. Neither Cisco nor Microsoft today have a true cloud offering that would elicit growth to what we have shortcoming in Cisco's offering is really stung together and Microsoft seems to be a couple of years behind of features. So it has been helpful for us for this giant to acknowledge that cloud is the way to go.
Operator
Our next question comes from the line of John Difucci with Jeffries. Please proceed with your question.
John Difucci
Thank you. Thanks for taking my question. Vlad and Clyde I would somewhat come back to your question you asked. And listen your results and your guide sort of speak for themselves. You obviously see a lot of traction in the market. And all the data and the [indiscernible] we points to the secular move that you're talking about in those businesses in the cloud based solutions in this market. But With AT&T and we talked to investors about this all the time in [indiscernible] and I'm sure you should have probably talked about this the last month. It is about a month ago, so that it was now the material part of your revenue and that's why there is such a focus here. And I just, it took me, that has not been that long ago this was announced, but have you seen any change in your business coming in through AT&T? And you had enough time now to speak, talk AT&T about it. How do you think this is going to move going forward. I realize you have a lot of other partnerships through and they can make up four times especially if there a second move. But just to get a better feel for us and as we think about this going forward, how do you think – have you seen any changes in that relationship as far as the business coming from it and do you anticipate that happening going forward?
Clyde Hosein
Yes, hi, Clyde again. So look short answer is no. We continue getting very strong performance and monthly amount of numbers, the pigment itself. As I mentioned we're very optimistic that the strength of our product would continue carrying the date. And of course, it's good that AT&T with 11% of our revenues. And we have mainly other channels and they've large user base of our own, but we're by no means should we get the doubt on AT&T. And as a matter of fact, as far as what we see on the ground today is on the track. And really what I really urge you and my overall concern for this is that resort to their own announcement of some of their new products which were very excellent in the position that they think that they will continue dealing and offering multiple platform. And what we can offer is a level playing field. We know that our product technology and go-to-market will carry the basis there.
John Difucci
That's great, Vlad. Thank you very much. It's very clear. And if I could, my follow-up probably a question for Clyde. It's nice to see the run-rate profitability Clyde. It's also nice to see that you guys are doing what you're saying you're going to do consistently here in this regard. In this case still, I don't think it was mentioned, but your free cash flow positive in this quarter two, so it's really nice to see. But assuming this growth opportunity continues here and it almost feels like now, especially given some of what we're seeing out there in some of what you talked about and Vlad about in the prepared remarks that the woods are ready now. Does it make sense for you to potentially increase your investment in your go-to-market efforts at this point? Obviously that could have an effect on margins, it doesn't – but if you're growing you could still profit. And how do you think about that given the opportunity today?

Clyde Hosein
Yeah John, thanks you very much. The company has done and the team has done a great job. The – you mentioned free cash flow positive. We were last quarter minimally well over $2 million bucks, but let me add to that. As we are going to invest that's clearly within the management team to keep investing, so we'll continue that. We agree with all of the points that the market is ready, the market inflexion point you could use that for several quarters, that's there. The adoption rate is increasing, so why not increase investments. We'll do it in a very intelligent way as we have in the past, but we will increase our investment in that space. So just speaking back about cash flows to make that point we really didn't highlight this as much next quarter. More likely than that you'll see us making some CapEx investment to expand our footprint globally, to increase our presence in some other countries we don't participate, in the geographies we don't participate today.
And so that's one quarter that, so you might see a negative, but I think consistent free cash flow basis is in our near-to-medium term future. So the point is that as continue to invest both in sales and marketing and product and in CapEx, to take advantage of the inflexion point that we have. So while top line would grow, continue to grow, and grow healthy, the inherent SaaS model where you've got to invest upfront for sales and marketing and you get your return over a period of time will tamper down the rate and pace of increase of your margin improvement, but you will see that increase. Now that basis our guidance, so guidance is a full guidance with revenue and profit. So there is no additional risk involved in there, but the short answer is we are going to build on the success we had. We're going to keep investing. We're going to keep investing as we have in the past intelligently and delivering results to you the investment community as we have in the past.
Vladimir Shmunis
[Indiscernible] John is everything, every investment, we will continue to invest in aggressively, but to the best of our knowledge and ability, every land investment have been [indiscernible] basis.
Operator
Our next question comes from the line of Heather Bellini of Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Unidentified Analyst
Hi, this is Jack again I'm filling in for Bellini. Just a couple of question. One, on the international expansion so it looks Global Office, the Global Office product is being rolled out and it's like more than 20 countries I assume versus just ability in 10 today. I guess, what are the hurdle involved there, I know you talked about the CapEx investment so is there any other sort of, I guess any other barriers on that? Secondly, what do you assume with that uptick for that product so far?
Vladimir Shmunis
Okay yes, hi. So, couple of things so firstly, as we're rolling out Global Office is today already available well over 10, but it's actually most of macro account, because there are much larger accounts, you know and much stronger one. We cover some of the major ones already. Of course, Europe, UK, Germany, France some of the larger economy in the western hemisphere already covered and just deliver where we get demand.
Clyde Hosein
As far as CapEx is concerned I also wanted to be very carefully here. We have the infrastructure in place already open up for to cover both North America as well as both Western Europe, okay. So it really is more of a matter of rolling out a product across those geographies which have a lot to do with abide barrier local regulation legal requirement domestic to get the appropriate licenses to operate. Frankly, none of this is rocket science, but it just takes time and procedure and we're very, very comfortable with our international expansion roadmap. And again, just to reduce you know numbers itself three months over a 100 global enterprises, using RingCentral global accomplishment again most account.

Operator
Our next question comes from the line of Brian Schwartz with Oppenheimer and Company. Please proceed with your question.
Daniel Greenfield
Hi, guys this is Daniel Greenfield dialing in for Brian, congrats on the quarter, just one question from me surrounding the contact center actually how did the contact center and I understand it's relatively new, how that help you grow this quarter and are beginning to actually comment any deals were you actually start with the contact center or are you participating in a lot of RFPs where the customers asking for both contact center and PBX replacement? Thanks.
Vladimir Shmunis
Yes we, look we should never position our growth contact center and a standalone solution, even though if we do just fine at that level but really the value is very close integration. It went UK and grow at contact center and that's where we sell. So the way that we look at it is selling this product does really two things. So firstly it's on luck new opportunities for us where customers essentially they want to have a single vendor, single bill and you know single sort of a joke and we are now heading both under one roof satisfied. And the second of course is contact center pricing is generally higher than that for UK is and that does have a positive effect on our part okay as well as you know [indiscernible]. So it's a very important, [indiscernible].
Daniel Greenfield
Great, thanks.
Operator
Our next question comes from the line of Sterling Auty from J.P. Morgan. Please proceed with your question.
Sterling Auty
Yeah, thanks, hi, guys. Just one question. In your prepared remarks you gave a lot of examples of technology customers. Just wondering if in the new customers you brought on the quarter, was there industry concentration for technology or any other one or two industries?
Vladimir Shmunis
Yes, sure go ahead.
Clyde Hosein
So the short answer is technology we had some very good successes primarily because they are early adopters, but we have many examples of successes outside of the tech industry. Early we announced, we had an announcement early this quarter with an engineering company obviously not in the tech space that deployed a very large deployment as an example. There are more examples out there our press release of this. We have retail a number of phones restaurants, pizza hut for example a franchise deployed out of the East Coast. So the deployment is not industry specific, it's very broad as you would expect it to be. Maybe there is a flight as the technology company that may be earlier adopted, but that's di minimus. I think this has been adopted of course all industries.
Sterling Auty
Thank you.
Operator
Our next question comes from the line of Jonathan Kees from Summit Research. Please proceed with your question.
Jonathan Kees
Great. Thanks for taking my question and I will add congrats for the quarter. Just wanted to talk about your indirect revenues. Obviously there is a lot of questions in terms of AT&T. Just wondering, if you can provide some more elaboration in terms of other two carriers? AT&T being obviously 10% customer and being a good part of that indirect revenues, but your expectations of at least with BT is not with TELUS to become in the near future some of course being a 10% customer. Certainly you have mentioned in the past that the growth rate has been better than the AT&T has they performed in the past? Just some additional color on that and I also have additional question, follow question. Thanks.
Clyde Hosein
Sure. Let me take that. So of course, we would like you know every such really expect to become 10% customer, but I want to caution that it took AT&T over five years to get there and AT&T is a larger company that it doesn't represent the BT product mix. So, it's a matter of time and really want to since you paint everyone, we're a pure-play cloud service provider. And what that means is that while growth can be fairly rapid, but we can get trained buy the seats, buy them up. So, it takes some time to build, to really meaningful revenue base, but the good news is that once you do it should keep your churn under control and our churn as you know, our Netsure continues to be in that – we continue to seek more revenue from customer cohort year-over-year.

So as long as that track continues we will, you know we feel very good about double strategy and exit those channels, but really it's going to be some time. It also, of course don't forget that we were investing quite heavily on indirect side as well and we never want to move that because with that that put us in control of our destiny. It allows us you know really the most secure way of controlling delighting our customers. And so keep your horse riding. You know but hopefully we will continue growing very strongly across all our channels. And also as I had mentioned not just direct and carrier or service provider but also some additional parts which have been doing very, very well for us.
Jonathan Kees
Okay, great. And if I can ask by those horse it’s still far on the indirect area, I guess ex carriers that's a smaller part of the indirect revenues, you recently added a new chief for that division and looking to expand your partnerships there and master agents I guess I wanted to see what if you can elaborate more in terms of what you're looking to do there. There are lot of companies out there that added and increased parts and it's still not gotten the traction that they had hoped for. I guess I wondered what you're doing hopefully what you're doing differently?
Clyde Hosein
Well, so you know as I just mentioned, well we haven't yet broken our general numbers publicly. But just to reiterate we are seeing very good performance from the general. As you know we're seeing healthy growth in our overall business. We're seeing very healthy growth in the metro site reported for retention orders and that is approximately what $270 million they went to $280 million business, so things are well. Having said that, well are doing even better than in terms of average. As far as well other companies are investing in this general about the market general I think the result look I can only keep ourselves with them to balance our investment in the product and technology with our investment in the general. And we strongly believe that even above and potential we see people do is over invest is the a general as it central to product and product needs to carry it off to.
So we think that as long as we continue believing the categories and technologies and as long as we continue our focus and our investment and hire the best people out there that we can find and we can find very good people given our performance lately we should be fine. Again, we're very, very excited about our indirect channel and within that specific reward.
Operator
Our next question comes from the line of James Faucette with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Unidentified Analyst
Hi, this is Eugene Anderson [ph] on for James. Thanks for taking my question. Just a little bit more on the gross margin outperformance. Asides from the change to the phone model, are there any other drivers that you could perhaps shed some more color on, perhaps you're seeing better pricing or may be a lower transport cost? Thank you very much.
Vladimir Shmunis
If you look at the subscription margin, which is totally independent to the model that also improved almost 2 points quarter-over-quarter and I think 6 points year-over-year. So, that's the true value of our software subscription of having a multi-tenant model you're seeing leverage in there, but as we get bigger we get better economies of scale, particularly like on transport cost for example. So there is a fair amount of on the cost side.
On the other side the cost as we've described in previous calls, our churn has been improving, last time we reported about 20% year-over-year each of the last two years, that also helps. And then as we move up to larger customers you're getting a lot more that contributes to the same thing that achieving long-term a lot more stickiness underline. So all of those contributed what eventually was last quarter 80% subscription margin on subscription. So it is just a business model, the fundamental software is generating a significant amount of gross margin.

Unidentified Analyst
Thanks so much.
Vladimir Shmunis
Thank you.
Operator
Our next question comes from the line of Kash Rangan from BOA Merrill Lynch. Please proceed with your question.
Kash Rangan
Hey guys, can you hear me okay.
Vladimir Shmunis
Yeah.
Clyde Hosein
Yes, you're fine.
Kash Rangan
Okay, wonderful. Thanks so much. Some had to hit me over the head to remind that you actually you guys have seven figure. So talk a little bit more about the seven figure deals, what is – my rough math suggests that's about 3,000 users for at least per seven figure customer how do we get to this point and how were you able to convince these customers that you are for real in the enterprise business to role I mean are we potentially looking at a good chunk of the Fortune 500 equity 500 using RingCentral over the next few years because I think this is an important landmark. And secondly I know that we all like to study Microsoft and we wouldn't like to dismiss Microsoft they have this package in E5 which includes the Skype functionality coupled with office all delivered as a cloud-based service previously you had to install a server and I know that several of your management team members had been at other companies that compete with Microsoft. How are you viewing Microsoft and how I understand that your technology is two years ahead of Microsoft but let's say we were two years down the line. What is RingCentral going to look like that can give us a confidence that you have a game plan to continue to stay abreast of Microsoft maybe you have to find a new market segment or is there something else going on in your mind just want to get your thoughts? Thank you.
Vladimir Shmunis
Yes thank you Kash obviously we're trying to give more that we have as far as seven figure deals so yes its very, very exciting and look if really another testament to the fact of UCAF except being at the setting points across the board and in particular with larger customers with multiple users that they need to satisfy. So with this is on record I believe it is our IPO and every color we had thank that we don't see a glass ceiling out there. And on the road show Kash as you may remember we were getting equations like, well are you guys going to we will get a 500 seat customer or a 1,000 seat customer which is just question anymore. And I'm asking this that we will eventually be announcing a 10,000 seat customer and probably it will be beyond that. And I just want to reiterate one more point that even though for in this quarter for some time with the social about our growth, growth up market customers as seen over difficulties but in reality the average account for those customers is well over 100.
So we are absolutely wealthy too debt market. And as you stay by double-digit indicator this seven figure deal we are now containing service stages of penetrating to enterprise down to the employees. And penetrate a lot of the success is again in our absolute commitment to technology innovation and application of excellence and in particular the fact that our global audit we will people have been already in fact that are global audit product is just short three months and over accounted more multinational usage is this will go to show just how much had to size there is out there again the numbers the new numbers that our overall market penetration not just us but for the entire new customer would be centered in single digit though established legacy for it and writing is on the wall. You can't grow, it will take over, we are leading in the segment and we expect to continue this leadership.
We exactly do the second phase integration, okay so what about Microsoft? Of course notably whatever do this quarter, a very strong company with a very strong channel but over and over people are well focused, well-funded and I really aim at interesting on a particular strategy in a particular field, over and over those people have been able to set up. And as you know we got quite a few goals from CapEx that did extremely well when Microsoft bought a direct competitor of the of course you other example, you have people like [indiscernible] you know or about 60% of that market is basically supporting Microsoft about the field and look it's a very large market. So, we usually don't see anybody monopolizing it even Microsoft and there is a quite a roadmap that we have a better part and we know to execute. We believe we will be able to give up and continue delivering better value, better functionality, better customer service and continually get paid you know the old fashion way.

Operator
There are no further questions in the queue at this time. This does conclude today's teleconference. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day.
Copyright policy: All transcripts on this site are the copyright of Seeking Alpha. However, we view them as an important resource for bloggers and journalists, and are excited to contribute to the democratization of financial information on the Internet. (Until now investors have had to pay thousands of dollars in subscription fees for transcripts.) So our reproduction policy is as follows: You may quote up to 400 words of any transcript on the condition that you attribute the transcript to Seeking Alpha and either link to the original transcript or to www.SeekingAlpha.com. All other use is prohibited.
THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HERE IS A TEXTUAL REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL, CONFERENCE PRESENTATION OR OTHER AUDIO PRESENTATION, AND WHILE EFFORTS ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE AUDIO PRESENTATIONS. IN NO WAY DOES SEEKING ALPHA ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S AUDIO PRESENTATION ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.
If you have any additional questions about our online transcripts, please contact us at: transcripts@seekingalpha.com. Thank you!
About this article:ExpandTagged: Technology, Business Software & Services, TranscriptsError in this transcript? Let us know.Contact us to add your company to our coverage or use transcripts in your business.Learn more about Seeking Alpha transcripts here.Follow SA Transcripts and get email alertsSearch TranscriptThis transcriptFindAll transcriptsFindCompare To:All RNG TranscriptsOther Companies in this sector









RingCentral CEO is EY Entrepreneur of the Year Awardee


























































RingCentral

 Login


Request a Quote



Sales Chat






Please wait
while we try to connect you with a sales agent




























800 574 5290



Country:  United States



Canada
En




France
Fr




Ireland
En




Netherlands
En




Singapore
En




United Kingdom
En




United States
En






































Why RingCentral
EY announces  RingCentral Founder and Chief Executive Officer Vladimir Shmunis is an EY Entrepreneur Of The Year™ 2014 Award winner in Northern California



Award recognizes entrepreneurial excellence in Software category








San Mateo, Calif. – June 12, 2014 – EY announced that Vladimir
  Shmunis, Chief Executive Officer and Founder of RingCentral, Inc. (NYSE: RNG), a leading
  provider of cloud business phone systems, received the EY Entrepreneur
  Of The Year™ 2014 Award in the Software category in Northern
  California. The award recognizes outstanding entrepreneurs who
  demonstrate excellence and extraordinary success in such areas as
  innovation, financial performance, and personal commitment to their
  businesses and communities. Vladimir Shmunis was selected by an
  independent panel of judges, and the award was presented at a special
  gala event at The Fairmont San Jose on June 10th.
 
“It is an incredible honor to be recognized as the winner of this
  prestigious award, especially in the highly competitive Software
  category,” said Vlad Shmunis, founder and CEO of RingCentral. “This
  acknowledgment from EY and its panel of independent judges reflects on
  the entire RingCentral team, who have put their hearts and souls and a
  lot of hard work in helping to build our incredible company.”
 
Now in its 28th year, the program has honored the inspirational
  leadership of such entrepreneurs as Howard Schultz of Starbucks Coffee
  Company, Pierre Omidyar of eBay, Inc., and Mindy Grossman of HSN.
  Recent US national winners include Reid Hoffman and Jeff Weiner of
  LinkedIn; Hamdi Ulukaya, founder of Chobani; and 2013 winner Hamid
  Moghadam, CEO and Chairman of Prologis.
 
As a Northern California award winner, Vlad Shmunis is now eligible
  for consideration for the Entrepreneur Of The Year 2014 national
  program. Award winners in several national categories, as well as the
  Entrepreneur Of The Year National Overall Award winner, will be
  announced at the annual awards gala in Palm Springs, California, on
  November 15, 2014. The awards are the culminating event of the EY
  Strategic Growth Forum®, the nation’s most prestigious gathering of
  high-growth, market-leading companies.
 


Sponsors
Founded and produced by EY, the Entrepreneur Of The Year Awards are
  sponsored in the United States by the Ewing Marion Kauffman Foundation
  and SAP America.
In Northern California, sponsors include King & Spalding,
  RoseRyan, Scherzer International, Smart Business Network, Inc.,
  SolomonEdwards and The Big Picture:  Film & Video Arts Inc.
 

About RingCentral
RingCentral, Inc. (NYSE: RNG) is a leading provider of cloud-based
  business communications solutions. Easier to manage and more flexible
  than on-premises communications systems, RingCentral’s cloud solution
  meets the needs of modern distributed and mobile workforces, while
  eliminating the expense and complications of on-premises traditional
  hardware-based systems and software. RingCentral is headquartered in
  San Mateo, Calif.
RingCentral and the RingCentral logo are trademarks of RingCentral, Inc.
 

About EY Entrepreneur Of The Year™
EY Entrepreneur Of The Year is the world’s most prestigious business
  award for entrepreneurs. The unique award makes a difference through
  the way it encourages entrepreneurial activity among those with
  potential and recognizes the contribution of people who inspire others
  with their vision, leadership and achievement. As the first and only
  truly global award of its kind, Entrepreneur Of The Year celebrates
  those who are building and leading successful, growing and dynamic
  businesses, recognizing them through regional, national and global
  awards programs in more than 145 cities in more than 60 countries.
 

About EY’s Strategic Growth Markets practice
EY’s Strategic Growth Markets (SGM) practices guide leading
  high-growth companies. Our multidisciplinary teams of elite
  professionals provide perspective and advice to help our clients
  accelerate market leadership. SGM delivers assurance, tax,
  transactions and advisory services to thousands of companies spanning
  all industries. EY is the undisputed leader in taking companies
  public, advising key government agencies on the issues impacting
  high-growth companies and convening the experts who shape the business
  climate. For more information, please visit us at ey.com/us/strategicgrowthmarkets,
  or follow news on Twitter @EY_Growth.
 

About EY
EY is a global leader in assurance, tax, transaction and advisory
  services. The insights and quality services we deliver help build
  trust and confidence in the capital markets and in economies the world
  over. We develop outstanding leaders who team to deliver on our
  promises to all of our stakeholders. In so doing, we play a critical
  role in building a better working world for our people, for our
  clients and for our communities.
 
EY refers to the global organization, and may refer to one or more,
  of the member firms of Ernst & Young Global Limited, each of which
  is a separate legal entity. Ernst & Young Global Limited, a UK
  company limited by guarantee, does not provide services to clients.
  For more information about our organization, please visit ey.com.







					For additional information,please contact:

					RingCentral Contact:
Mariana Kosturos 
mariana.kosturos@ringcentral.com650-562-6545
							
www.ringcentral.com 

 










Why RingCentral
About Us
Leadership
Investors
Contact Us
Partner with Us
Resources

Press

In the News
Press Releases
Awards
Analysts
Images & Videos
Contact PR



Our Customers

Case Studies
Reviews


Careers
Blogs
Legal







Key Assets

Quality of service
Recommended routers
VoIP quality test
For developers
CC auth form
Support link ID
Number transfer
























View Demo
Free Trial
Contact Us













Close X



				You need Flash player 10+ and JavaScript enabled to view this video.










					Hi, can we help you?
				
A RingCentral sales agent is available to answer your questions:
1-800-591-6737

Prefer to chat?
No, thanks



Need Help? Contact Customer Support







Sorry!
RingCentral LiveChat is currently off-line.
Please fill out a form below and our sales representative will contact you within 24 hours.




First name*



Last name*



Work email*



Direct phone number*



Country: United States
Country: United Kingdom
Country: Canada
Country: Other

Country: United States



How can we help?

Required fields*




Job title*



Company*



How many employees do you have
Just me
2 - 4
5 - 9
10 - 19
20 - 49
50 - 99
100 - 249
250 - 499
500+

How many employees do you have?*



Purchase time frame
ASAP
Less than 1 month
1 - 3 months
3 - 6 months
6 - 12 months
More than 12 months

Purchase time frame*






Privacy Policy



Thank you for your interest in RingCentral
A solutions specialist will contact you within 24 hours.
If you'd like to speak with someone now, please call 1-877-857-9210.


















Meet our CEO - Vlad Shmunis | RingCentral




























































RingCentral

 Login


Request a Quote



Sales Chat






Please wait
while we try to connect you with a sales agent




























800 574 5290



Country:  United States



Canada
En




France
Fr




Ireland
En




Netherlands
En




Singapore
En




United Kingdom
En




United States
En




































ABOUT US
Profile











View all executive leaders





Vlad Shmunis
CEO, Founder, and Chairman of the Board
Vlad Shmunis founded RingCentral in 1999 and launched RingCentral’s cloud business phone service in 2003. He developed the service based on the need he saw among businesses for an alternative to inflexible and expensive hardware-based phone systems.
Since founding RingCentral, Shmunis has led the company in reimagining business communications. Today, the company empowers hundreds of thousands of businesses and their employees to work with unparalleled freedom and in imaginative new ways via a wide variety of mobile and fixed-line devices in traditional and dispersed work environments.
Shmunis has more than 25 years of industry and management experience. Prior to launching RingCentral, he founded and served as the CEO of Ring Zero Systems, a desktop software communications company. After shipping more than 25 million copies of its software through partnerships with leading PC manufacturers, Ring Zero Systems was acquired by Motorola.
Shmunis was named a 2014 Ernst & Young Entrepreneur of the Year™, Northern California Region. He holds bachelor’s and master’s degrees in computer science from San Francisco State University and is a named inventor on a number of U.S. patents.





Vlad Shmunis in the press





Bloomberg TV
Vladimir Shmunis discusses RingCentral's
business strategy and outlook on Bloomberg
Television's "First Up."
Watch video





Forbes
Leaders Need To Unleash The Power
Of Communication
Read article





Press Release
Vladimir Shmunis selected as EY Entrepreneur
Of the Year™ 2014 Award winner in
Northern California
Read press release









Why RingCentral
About Us
Leadership
Investors
Contact Us
Partner with Us
Resources

Press

In the News
Press Releases
Awards
Analysts
Images & Videos
Contact PR



Our Customers

Case Studies
Reviews


Careers
Blogs
Legal




























View Demo
Free Trial
Contact Us













Close X



				You need Flash player 10+ and JavaScript enabled to view this video.










					Hi, can we help you?
				
A RingCentral sales agent is available to answer your questions:
1-800-591-6737

Prefer to chat?
No, thanks



Need Help? Contact Customer Support







Sorry!
RingCentral LiveChat is currently off-line.
Please fill out a form below and our sales representative will contact you within 24 hours.




First name*



Last name*



Work email*



Direct phone number*



Country: United States
Country: United Kingdom
Country: Canada
Country: Other

Country: United States



How can we help?

Required fields*




Job title*



Company*



How many employees do you have
Just me
2 - 4
5 - 9
10 - 19
20 - 49
50 - 99
100 - 249
250 - 499
500+

How many employees do you have?*



Purchase time frame
ASAP
Less than 1 month
1 - 3 months
3 - 6 months
6 - 12 months
More than 12 months

Purchase time frame*






Privacy Policy



Thank you for your interest in RingCentral
A solutions specialist will contact you within 24 hours.
If you'd like to speak with someone now, please call 1-877-857-9210.














Forbes WelcomeCLOSE   More Options   Quote of the Day  Develop a curiosity overload. Kevin Harrington, Entrepreneur    Forbes WelcomeCLOSE   More Options   Quote of the Day  Develop a curiosity overload. Kevin Harrington, Entrepreneur    