

	Shoemaker Manufacturing > Home












































QUICK CHECK PO STATUS  |  
PORTAL LOGIN



Loading…















PG_ImagePG_Title





  




























LOGIN

Name



Password




forgot password?



















ORDER TRACKING
Get your order status and shipping information.  Just enter your PO number below.


Purchase Order Number (PO)













                                        ORDER STATUS
                                    



Order#




PO#




Ordered




Buyer




Ship To




Status





Est. Ship Date







                                        SHIPMENT TRACKING
                                    



Ship Method




Act. Ship Date




Packages




Weight




Reference




Tracking



















PRODUCTS







VIEW ALL


COMMERCIAL
Grilles
Registers
Diffusers
Linears
Louvers
Dampers
Accessories


RESIDENTIAL
Grilles
Registers
Diffusers
Accessories








CASE STUDIES


Overview
Insignia Towers
Husky Stadium
Snoqualmie Casino
Contour Teknion Showroom
Via6 Apartments
First Hill Medical Pavilion
Cutter and Buck
Davenport Grand Hotel
Commercial Space in Bellevue
Riverview Corporate Center




PURCHASE OPTIONS


How To Buy
Expedited Services Program
Standard Rate Shipping Program
Terms and Conditions of Sale




RESOURCES


Downloads
Revit Library
Video Library
FAQ




ABOUT US


Company
Values
Careers

















 











 













CROSS
                    REFERENCE

MANUFACTURER













ACCORD

AIRMATE

AJ

CARNES

CONTINENTAL

DONCO

GREENHECK

HART & COOLEY

J&J/LIMA

KEES

KRUEGER

METAL FAB

METALAIRE

NAILOR

PRICE

PRO SELECT

RUSKIN

TITUS

TRU AIRE

US AIRE










SERIES
























SHOEMAKER EQUIVALENT







FIND




Disclaimer
CROSS REFERENCE DISCLAIMER

                    This cross reference tool is intended to assist in determining an equivalent Shoemaker
                                Manufacturing product series based on another manufacturer's product series. Products
                                shown are a close equivalent in their functional use, though not necessarily
                                an exact match. Every effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of this information;
                                however, Shoemaker will assume no responsibility for errors or omissions which may
                                have occurred. Information provided in this cross reference tool is subject to change
                                without notice.
                















 







FIND



FIND







FACTORY EXPEDITED
SERVICES




Need to jump to the head of the line?



Gold Express: next day manufacturing
Red Tag: 2-3 day manufacturing
Yellow Tag: 4-6 day manufacturing


(does not include shipping)

LEARN MORE














DESIGN AND BUILD




Trust Shoemaker to deliver high quality products that perform.  Our products are tested in accordance with ASHRAE 70 standards and have been designed into many notable projects, like Insignia in the Pacific Northwest and across the United States.

To request a sample product, a "Lunch and Learn" or just to get more information, email us.  We'd love to hear from you.

CONTACT US








QUICK STUDY




Ever been stumped by some of the finer points of grilles, registers and diffusers?  Take a minute to watch our helpful "how-to" videos.  Then let us know what other topics you'd like to see us cover!

   How to install a tape and mud linear
   Multi Shutter v. OBD?
   Butt joint assembly for Linear Air Bars

SUGGEST A VIDEO








X





X





X











GET THE
SHOEMAKER
EXPERIENCE





Made with pride in the Great Northwest
Knowledgable, friendly & efficient customer service
8-10 day lead times on most standard products
Products designed with installation in mind
Packaged well to prevent damage
Time-saving "door to floor" delivery
Third generation family-run business since 1947










THE FULL SCOOP




Stay updated on new and enhanced products from Shoemaker like the RDA with the Full Scoop our helpful e-newsletter.




SIGN UP



Round Adjustable Ceiling Diffuser (RDA)










CONTACT US    SHOEMAKER MANUFACTURING    104 MONTGOMERY AVE, CLE ELUM, WA 98922  
  TF: 866.949.0696    P: 509.674.4414    F: 509.674.4420




 
                


 
            






Terms of Use    Privacy Statement












John C. Shoemaker: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 23, 2017 5:27 AM ET
Communications Equipment

Company Overview of Identec Solutions AG



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
John C. Shoemaker  Executive Vice President of Global Sales, Identec Solutions AGAgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 3 Board Members in 3 different organizations across 6 different industries.See Board Relationships75--
Background

		Mr. John C. Shoemaker served as Vice President of Worldwide Sales at EKAHAU. Mr. Shoemaker served as an Executive Vice President and General Manager Computer Systems at Oracle America, Inc. from July 2000 to June 30, 2002 and served as an Executive Vice President, Computer Systems until June 30, 2002, including volume servers, enterprise servers, workstations, SPARC microprocessor development, all central engineering support functions, Cobalt appliances, Network Equipment ... Products, wireless strategy, networking technology and integrated systems. He served as an Executive Vice President of Worldwide Operations Organizations and Chief Quality Officer of Sun Microsystems. He was responsible for manufacturing, supplier management, logistics & distribution, supply/demand and led Sun's Corporate Quality Initiatives. Mr. Shoemaker held various executive management positions and served for 14 years at Sun Microsystems from 1990 to June 2004. He has three decades of high-technology experience. He served as the Senior Vice President of Electronic Printing and Vice President and General Manager of the Document Systems Business of Xerox Corporation and then as Senior Vice President & General Manager of Printing Systems businesses. Mr. Shoemaker spent 21 years in management roles and served in a number of senior executive positions with the Xerox Corporation starting as a Financial Analyst from 1969 to 1990 and then as Corporate Vice President since 1986. He worked with Sun and developed its Leadership Institute for the training of high potential Vice President to assume future top management roles. He is an active as an early stage technology startup advisor and investor. He has been the Chairman of Extreme Networks, Inc. since February 17, 2017. He has been the Chairman of Sonicwall Inc. since June 9, 2006. He has been an Independent Director at Extreme Networks Inc. since October 23, 2007. He has been a Director of Altera Corp., since March 2007 and Sonicwall Inc. since August 3, 2004. He serves on the boards of various private and not for profit entities, including the Indiana University Foundation. He served as a Director of Knowledgemax Inc.  since February 9, 2001 and Conformative Systems Inc., since September 2004. He served as a Director of Diligent Software Systems, Corp. He serves as a Trustee of Hanover College. He served as a Director of Astute Networks, Inc. since October 2008. He is a Member of the School of Business Dean's Advisory Council for Indiana University, Kelley School of Business, Johnson Center for Entrepreneurship and Innovation and CIO Advisory Council. He holds a Bachelor's Degree in Political Science and Business Administration at Hanover College, Master of Business Administration from Indiana University Kelley School of Business, where in 2001 he was named a Fellow in the Academy of Fellows. He completed Ph.D. coursework at the Indiana University School of Government.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
Millennium Park 2Lustenau, Vorarlberg 6890AustriaPhone: 43 5577  87387 0Fax: 43 5577 87387 15
Board Members Memberships
2004-PresentNon-Executive ChairmanDell SonicWALL, Inc.2007-PresentDirectorAltera Corp.2007-PresentChairmanExtreme Networks, Inc.
Education
Bachelor's Degree University Of MassachusettsBA Hanover CollegeMBA Kelley School of Business
Other Affiliations
Altera Corp.Extreme Networks, Inc.Oracle America, Inc.Dell SonicWALL, Inc.KnowledgeMax, Inc.Diligent Software Systems, Corp.Sideware Systems Inc.Astute Networks, Inc.University Of MassachusettsHanover CollegeConformative Systems, Inc.Kelley School of Business


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Identec Solutions AG, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close































Shoemaker, Inc. | 



















































Seminars & Events
Contact
 









Services
Locations
 
















Shoemaker, Inc.








Contact Information
Contact
				John C Shoemaker, Pres.
					
				Email
				j.shoemaker@shoemakerinc.com
					
				Phone
				260-625-4321
					
				Address
				12120 Yellow River RoadFort Wayne, IN 46818
										Services Offered
Manufacturing » visit our website





Shoemaker, Inc.
What is your value proposition or what is it that you do?
Shoemaker Inc. designs, manufactures and distributes custom hydraulic controls for primarily off-highway machinery.
What differentiates you from your competition?
History, experience, competitive and flexibility.
Who is your target market?
World wide agricultural equipment.
Who is your secondary market?
Tree spades, oil field equipment controls are some.
What is the cost of your products/services? And any discounts for ISBDC Clients?
Quantity discounts and quotations are given per inquiry.

Legal Statement   |   Feedback












Workshops and Events
					Classroom-Style Workshops, Online Training, and Small Business Award Ceremonies
				




Interested in Partnering with the ISBDC? Find out more »


Apply to Become a Client
Apply Now















Shoemaker Product Line






























Home Page
Products
Events and News
Knowledgebase
Contact Your Team
Forum
Online Store









Shoemaker Motion Picture Co., LLC.





"The Business That Service Built"

Phone: 317.547.8000   Fax: 317-542-7166   Toll Free: 800-394-SHOE











Products             OUR 69TH YEAR SERVING INDIANA










 
Shoemaker Motion Picture Company (SMPC) has been in the audio and visual presentation business since 1945.  Since 1945 we have had numerous manufactures added to our product line.  We have below our top manufacturers that we have selected as the industry best to bring quality, performance, and value to you our client without compromise.

NOT READY TO ORDER                             READY TO PLACE AN ORDER?
  NEED A QUOTATION?                                             CLICK BELOW
        CLICK BELOW

                                                 
                                                                                                        










				                                                                                                                                 Our Top Manufacturers


DISPLAY                                                       VOICE AMPLIFICATION                   OTHER TOP MANUFACTURERS
Eiki Projectors                                                LightSpeed                                       1U Control
Sanyo Projectors                                            TeachLogic                                       Promethean
Dukane Projectors                                                                                                  Audio Technica
LG LCD/LED                                                   SPEAKERS                                     Shure
Sony LCD/LED                                                LightSpeed                                      Bogen Imaging 


Panasonic LCD/LED                                        TeachLogic                                      RDL
                                                                      Atlas Soundolier                               V-Brick
SCREENS                                                      EV                                                  Polycom
Draper                                                            Tannoy                                            Califone
Da-Lite
                                                                     COMPONENTS                                Bretford, H.Wilson, Luxor Classroom
DISPLAY MOUNTS                                        LG                                                   Tables, Carts, and Accessories
Peerless                                                        Kramer
Chief                                                              Extron                                             Video Conferencing and Digital Video
Premier Mounts                                              TeamBoard                                      On Demand Available
                                                                     Qomo
RACKS                                                          JVC
MIddle Atlantic                                               Sony                                                
Raxxess                                                        Pansonic                                            Shoemaker Motion Picture Company
Quam                                                                                                                       is your Teradon IP Intercommunications
                                                                     CABLE                                                  Platform Distributor
AUTOMATION                                               West Penn
Crestron                                                        Rapid Run
Extron                                                           Belden
Xantech                                                         Comprehensive










Content copyright . Shoemaker Motion Picture Company, LLC. All rights reserved.















403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.




   John Shoemaker | Indiana University Johnson Center for Entrepreneurship and Innovation | ZoomInfo.com



John C Shoemaker Adjuster                                                                                                - Graham                                            , TX         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



TX



Graham



Top and Body Repair and Paint Shops



Body Shop, Automotive



                            John C Shoemaker Adjuster
                                    



 





















J 


John C Shoemaker Adjuster                                                                                               
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



1108 CLIFF DR GRAHAM, TX 76450
Get Directions



(940) 549-2998
 





Business Info



 Founded 1996
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $56,000.00
 Employee Count 1
 Industries Body Shop, Automotive
 Contacts John Shoemaker                                                                                                          







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


John C Shoemaker Adjuster                                                                                                was founded in 1996, and is located at 1108 Cliff Dr in Graham. Additional information is available at                                                                                                          or by contacting John Shoemaker                                                                                                           at (940) 549-2998. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







J

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















John Shoemaker - Executive Vice President, IDENTEC SOLUTIONS
























Remember Me 
Forgot your password?



Login





People
Companies
Exchanges
Jobs


Search










Join now for Free!




























Tweet







Contacts (2)






 Connect


 Contact


 Resume









John Shoemaker

Executive Vice President @ IDENTEC SOLUTIONS







Premium Subscribers & members of my network may view my contact information.












Add Endorsement
 

Endorsements


    

  
    No approved endorsements
  
  









About John Shoemaker


      
      
        
        
          JOHN C. SHOEMAKER                                                                                               	               Cell: 443-255-7268							                       Email:  ShoeRFID@yahoo.comGoogle: “John Shoemaker RFID”						           PROFILE:   An experienced, high energy senior executive with strong leadership and market development skills. Earned a successful track record in high technology with large, international companies, as well as medium size to small “start-up”entrepreneurial firms. Aggressive, “get and close deals”, position for an exit strategy, focused on open communications, teamwork, creativity and integrity to achieving bottom line results. QUALIFICATIONS:•	Demonstrated success in several different high tech industries – Radio Frequency Identification (RFID) wireless tags used in Telematics, Supply Chain Management (SCM) and Security and Asset Management applications for Aviation, Medical, Transportation, Military, Federal Government (Secure Commerce) and Law Enforcement. Electronic communications over the Internet, Smart Cards and Biometrics, Office Automation, Factory Automation and Data Communications. Main focus has been with computer hardware and software. Software includes both custom and application products and services for integrated solutions. •	Over 30 years of officer-level responsibility in direct and indirect (channels), sales and marketing management, field service, strategic partnerships, corporate development and mergers/acquisitions. Drove organic growth with personal P&L experience exceeding $100 million in sales. Experienced in leading business development teams to win long term contracts that would create new products and launch new business strategies. •	Specific skills and experience: business development to create new markets, closing large contracts; creating new business ideas, plans and approaches; public relations; public speaking; motivational and incentive compensation actions; listening to customers to shape strategic and tactical plans. EXPERIENCE: 2010 to Present  IDENTEC SOLUTIONS    Dallas, TX Executive Vice President for this active UHF and 433 MHz RFID/RTLS technolgoy provider and solution integrator serving the Oil & Gas, Marine Intermodal Ports, Construction and Military markets worldwide. 2009 to 2010 Ekahau Inc.    Reston, VA Executive Vice President of worldwide sales for this active Wi-Fi based RFID/RTLS technology provider headquartered in Helsinki, Finland. Focused on two markets: healthcare and the U.S. Federal Government. 2006 to 2009  Shipcom Wireless, Inc.								Houston, TX President of an application software solutions firm focused on SAP and Oracle ERP platforms to drive “real time operational visibility” for management at all levels. Shipcom custom develops software solutions by capturing data automatically from bar code/RFID, active and passive, and other technologies to synchronize data in a rules based, middleware engine for data management and composite applications and interfaced to multiple back-end ERP systems. Wrote a new business plan/strategy to create a new business model emphasizing a vertical industry focus: Healthcare/Medical; Energy; Transportation/Aviation. Managed a 2 year sales cycle to close in June, 2008, a 3 year contract with the U.S. Air Force for a Congressionally funded $7 million RFID solutions program for healthcare with the first showcase installation at Keesler AFB, Mississippi. The largest deal ever for Shipcom, it also is a funded R&D program where Shipcom retains the IP and can market the solutions across the industry. 2002 to 2006	Matrics, Inc., acquired by Symbol Technologies (now Motorola)		          Rockville, MD Senior Vice President, Corporate Development of Matrics in a firm focused on delivering RFID solutions using UHF 900 MHz technology to serve markets worldwide (22 employees in ’02). Personally secured two contracts worth $7 Million within my first 12 months. Working with the FAA, TSA, and Department of Homeland Security to bring security to aviation applications in airports throughout the U.S. and in support of Operation Safe Commerce and Smart Secure Shipping initiatives. Personally managed and closed the largest operational RFID contract in history on November 4, 2003 for 100 Million tags at McCarran Intern’l Airport, Las Vegas, worth $25 Million, for baggage tracking. Subsequently closed Hong Kong Airport for $22 Million in May, 2004. Won in June, 2004, sub-contractor position to Raytheon on U.S. VISIT Program with Accenture as prime.  Also won 7/05  Shanghai Post for tracking mail bags. Matrics was acquired by Symbol Technologies in 09/04 for $230 Million, with $100 Million in valuation derived from my direct performance.  Became SVP of the RFID Division of Symbol managing sales to Transportation and Government markets worldwide. Extensive experience in Asia Pacific, Middle East and European theaters in sales, marketing, speaking engagements, strategic partnerships, go-to-market strategies and media management .  Page TwoJOHN C. SHOEMAKER   1999-2002	TransCore, Inc. (acquired in July 2000 Amtech Systems Corporation, subsidiary of Intermec/Unova)	 								Dallas, TX 	Executive Vice President  (responsible for “Consumer Applications and Global Products Group”)Reporting to the CEO, responsible for all Sales and Marketing worldwide. Personally conceived, managed and closed the deal merging Amtech ($100 Million) with Transcore ($150 Million) to create the industry leader for wireless ground transportation management systems (Telematics) serving toll highways (ETC), intelligent transportation systems (ITS), airports, parking, security access control, transit, mobile commerce, rail, fleet and commercial vehicle operations. TransCore provides wireless (RFID) hardware, software, integration, maintenance and other recurring (transaction clearinghouse) revenue services. Managing one of three operating groups, responsible for all new, emerging RFID markets worldwide.  After the merger and restructuring, my group was eliminated and merged into the new company. Vice President of Corporate Development for Amtech Systems Corporation (wholly owned subsidiary of Intermec Corporation). Responsible for RFID wireless applications in transportion markets worldwide.  Reporting to me were two senior vice presidents, four vice president’s and two directors. Reconfigured the organization and built a multi-market team for both direct and indirect channel distribution of products, software solutions, and integration services.  Sales cyles ranged from 3 months to 3 years, depending on market and application. Managed organic growth in the operating group from less than $60 Million to over $100 Million in two years, breaking all records for revenue and profit growth. 1997-1999     NETdelivery CORPORTATION	(acquired by AT&T)			                	Boulder, CO 	Vice President, Corporate Development (managing Sales, Marketing and the CTO)Reporting to the CEO of this Internet start-up company focused on using "Push" technology to securely deliver bills/invoices, payments (EBPP), and other e-content, like eforms, over the Internet to targeted communities using an ASP model. Devised and implemented a new e-commerce strategy and prevented bankruptcy. Personally secured equity partnerships with IBS (International Billing Services) and CPC (Canadian Post Office) for web site development, payments and bill processing, and document delivery. Lead the team that obtained a 5+ year development and service contract valued at over $30 million with CPC to develop electronic post office boxes for all Canadian citizens and corporations to conduct e-commerce. Team sales efforts with E&Y; Cap Gemini; EDS/Systemhouse, and AMS for "total solution" business opportunities. Under this contract which was leveraged by selling other Post Offices in the world, such as Sweden,  NETdelivery was able to survive the dot com crash and lived for years on my contracts. 1995-1997      RACOM SYSTEMS						                        	        Englewood, CO       	Vice President, Marketing and Sales					Reporting to the CEO of this start-up company manufacturing Ferroelectric RAM (FRAM) chips, microprocessor-based RF contactless smart cards for use on the Internet and electronic commerce, EPOS, industrial automation, security and access control,  biometrics, automatic ticketing and other applications. Product could not be manufactured in volume with quality. 1993-1995     COMPUTER IDENTICS  (Acquired by SICK AutoID, Germany)                          		Canton, MA       Vice President, Marketing and SalesReporting to the CEO of this "re-start" company, responsible for re-engineering the sales and marketing functions in the auto identification (bar code scanning) and data collection solutions business (Auto ID or AIDC). C.I. manufactures and services high speed, laser scanners, data collection terminals, hand-held scanners, bar code label printers, and a variety of other devices, all part of a networked  bar code solution for distribution, logistics, manufacturing. Losing money for over 6 years, at $35 Million in revenue, our team turned it into a profit making enterprise within 2 years for a successful acquisition.     Page ThreeJOHN C. SHOEMAKER 1988-1993	     BBN SOFTWARE PRODUCTS (BBN acquired by GTE and later created Genuity) (BBN is recognized for inventing “email” and the ARPANET, or the forerunner to the “Internet”, under funding by DARPA, or the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency.) 	Vice President, Direct Marketing Operations (1992-1993) 			Cambridge, MAReporting to the President, responsible for developing and implementing a new multi-channel distribution strategy, particularly for desktop computer software products, to broaden the division's marketing effectiveness beyond reliance on a direct sales organization. Specific actions taken included: creation of an independent sales agent network; implementation of cost effective direct mail campaigns; responsible for worldwide sales inquiry and lead management; establishment of sales automation and database systems; managing product pricing and promotion; telesales support; competitive positioning.Vice President, North American Sales (1988-1992) 				Cambridge, MAReporting to the President, responsible for a 100 person sales and marketing organization selling enterprise software solutions for statistical and quality data analysis software for Manufacturing, Engineering and R&D applications. The Division's products perform statistical quality control, engineering data analysis, decision support, time-series analysis and clinical trials data management functions.  The North American Sales organization consisted of sales executives and technical consultants reporting to region sales managers; a telemarketing group; an indirect sales staff which supported VAR's and alliances with system integrators and other marketing partners; industry sales teams for Pharmaceuticals and Semiconductors; a national accounts sales team; a sales training function and other sales support functions XEROX CORP: 12 year career focused on sales and marketing roles; last position held: Sales Operations Manager. Consulting Assignments: Perot Systems, Dallas; Round Table Group, Inc, Chicago; Marubeni Corp, Tokyo. EDUCATION:				SUFFOLK UNIVERSITY - Boston, MA, awarded M.B.A. degree	Concentration: Marketing and ManagementUNIVERSITY OF MASSACHUSETTS - Amherst, MA, awarded B.B.A. degree	Concentration: ManagementContinuing Education: Business courses at Boston University, Leslie College, and the Xerox 						International Center for Training and Development.				Seminars and conferences at M.I.T., Bentley College, Babson College, George Mason U., 				and Merrimack College.			             Dynamics of Leadership, CFO Executive Program, Tampa, FL PERSONAL INTEREST AND HOBBIES: Two children: Eric is Director of Sales for a start-up software company.Lisa is a TV advertising sales executive for NESN (New England Sports Network) in Boston (Red Sox and Bruins).               Both represent my proudest accomplishment in life. Location: They are also the reason why I must be based in the Boston area but will travel anywhere, anytime. Mountain Hiker: very active in sports, including: snow skiing; snow shoeing; hiking – hiked my 18th “Fourteener” (mountains over 14,000 feet high) in August, 2007, and over two dozen thirteeners in the last six years; mountain biking; camping; motorcycling; and weight lifting. Hiked Mt. Washington on Labor Day, 2006 with my son and son-in-law. Especially enjoy adventurous vacations like rappelling down the middle of waterfalls (Iguazu) in the jungles of Argentina.  Former U.S. Army Officer: First Lieutenant, Infantry, Platoon Commander, Paratrooper, Jungle Expert, decorated for valor with the Air Medal, 4 Bronze Stars (2 for valor) and the Purple Heart; honorable discharge. Member & Accomplished Speaker/Writer: AFCEA; NDTA; ACI; AAAE; ACC; AIM;  EPCglobal and the Round Table Group (as SME for RFID technology for investors); RFID World; RFID Journal Live; IDTechEx (Smart Labels Conferences); RFID Systems, Singapore; HKPC (Hong Kong Productivity Group); and various universities and colleges.
        
      
    










Professional History



Employment:

Jun 2010-Present
Executive Vice President at IDENTEC SOLUTIONS





X
Next








IDENTEC SOLUTIONS







Employment at IDENTEC SOLUTIONS:





Title:
Executive Vice President

Department: Sales & Marketing

Full-time Employee
Industry: Information Technology And Services
From Jun 2010 to Present



Sales for North and South America; Active UHF and 433 MHz RFID and RTLS products to Oil & Gas; U.S. Federal Governement and DoD; Marine Intermodal Ports; and Construction of large facilities/power plants.










May 2009-Jun 2010
Executive Vice President at Ekahau





X
Previous








Ekahau







Employment at Ekahau:





Title:
Executive Vice President

Department: Sales & Marketing

Full-time Employee
Industry: Information Technology And Services
From May 2009 to Jun 2010



Worldwide sales for Wi-Fi RFID technology, especially focused on healthcare and U.S. Federal Government.
















            If you notice offensive or incorrect information, please contact us.
          
 







68
RepScore
Established
Peer Assessment:?
            Social Influence:?
Learn about RepScore







Learn about RepBadges











Tags



john shoemaker 
        
          executive vice president 
        
          identec solutions 
        
          john c shoemaker 
        
          john shoemaker 
        
          shoemaker 
        
          united states



























Home
Search
Terms
Privacy
About Us
Help

© 2006-16 Viable Ventures, LLC. All rights reserved.









 close









Close







Close











         
      








John C Shoemaker - Holliday, TX | Intelius



























Sign In



We found John C Shoemaker in Holliday, TX


John C Shoemaker

                                                                           Intelius found that John C Shoemaker  is  a male between 50 and 50 years old from Holliday, TX.  We have connected them to
                9 addresses,
                5 phones,
                and 1 relative or associate.
         






Get Report Now

Age

John C Shoemaker is in his 50s

John Has Lived In

Holliday, TX
Wichita Falls, TX
Cleveland, OH

John's Relatives

Lisa Shoemaker







John C Shoemaker



Zodiac SignSagittarius



GenderMale



Professional Status
Tieken Claim Services Inc



Get Report Now










Want to know more about John? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about John, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on John C Shoemaker
Get a Criminal Check on John C Shoemaker
Get a Public Record Report on John C Shoemaker
Get a People Search Report on John C Shoemaker


John C Shoemaker's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where John C Shoemaker has lived as well as John C Shoemaker's phone numbers and email addresses.




John C Shoemaker Has Lived in 2 States
Texas Address for John C Shoemaker


508 R** R* 

Holliday, TX


Has Lived In

Holliday, TX
Wichita Falls, TX


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with John C Shoemaker

(940) ***-**** - Graham, TX 
(940) ***-**** - Graham, TX 
(817) ***-**** - Graham, TX 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with John C Shoemaker

j*****s@***.net


Get Email Report




John C Shoemaker's Professional Information
Information regarding John C Shoemaker's professional history.  Find out previous places John C Shoemaker has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


John C Shoemaker Has Worked at 2 Places
Company: Tieken Claim Services Inc
               
Company: Southwest Company
               Title: Representative
John C Shoemaker's Experience
Title: 
               Company: Tieken Claim Services Inc
Job Details

Title: Representative
               Company: Southwest Company
Job Details

Additional Professional Information on John C Shoemaker

 See John C Shoemaker's LinkedIn Profile



John C Shoemaker's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for John C Shoemaker


John C Shoemaker's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of John C Shoemaker's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
John Shoemaker
Username Matches

                  JohnShoemaker
                  ShoemakerJohn
                  John.Shoemaker
                  Shoemaker.John
                  John_Shoemaker
                  Shoemaker_John
                  John-Shoemaker
                  Shoemaker-John
                  JShoemaker
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
J Shoemaker







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.











