


Craig S Shular - Nashville, TN | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Craig S Shular in Nashville, TN


Craig S Shular

                                                                           Intelius found that Craig S Shular  is  a male between 60 and 70 years old from Nashville, TN.  We have connected them to
                10 addresses,
                6 phones,
                and 0 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Age

Craig S Shular is in his 60s

Craig Has Lived In

Nashville, TN
Buffalo, NY
Brookfield, CT







Craig S Shular



Zodiac SignScorpio



GenderMale



Professional Status
Managing Director at GrafTech International Ltd.



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Craig? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Craig, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Craig S Shular
Get a Criminal Check on Craig S Shular
Get a Public Record Report on Craig S Shular
Get a People Search Report on Craig S Shular


Craig S Shular's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Craig S Shular has lived as well as Craig S Shular's phone numbers and email addresses.




Craig S Shular Has Lived in 6 States
Tennessee Address for Craig S Shular


39 E**** C* 

Nashville, TN


Has Lived In

Nashville, TN
Buffalo, NY


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Craig S Shular

(216) ***-**** - Cleveland, OH 
() ***-**** - Wilmington, DE 
(302) ***-**** - Wilmington, DE 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Craig S Shular

b****s@***.com
c**********r@***.com
c******r@***.com


Get Email Report




Craig S Shular's Professional Information
Information regarding Craig S Shular's professional history.  Find out previous places Craig S Shular has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Craig S Shular Has Worked at 5 Places
Company: GrafTech International Ltd.
               Title: Managing Director
Company: GrafTech International Ltd.
               Title: President
Craig S Shular's Experience
Title: Managing Director
               Company: GrafTech International Ltd.
Job Details
               GrafTech International is a global company that has been redefining limits for more than 125 years, offering innovative graphite material solutions for its customers in a wide range of industries and end markets, including steel manufacturing, advanced energy applications and latest generation electronics. Headquartered in Independence, Ohio, GrafTech operates 18 principal manufacturing facilities on four continents and sells products in over 70 countries.
Title: President
               Company: GrafTech International Ltd.
Job Details

Additional Professional Information on Craig S Shular

 See Craig S Shular's LinkedIn Profile



Craig S Shular's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Craig S Shular


Craig S Shular's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Craig S Shular's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Craig Shular
Username Matches

                  CraigShular
                  ShularCraig
                  Craig.Shular
                  Shular.Craig
                  Craig_Shular
                  Shular_Craig
                  Craig-Shular
                  Shular-Craig
                  CShular
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
C Shular







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.













Craig S. Shular: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg








































  





















































































July 24, 2017 4:36 AM ET

Company Overview of GrafTech Seadrift Holding Corp.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Craig S. Shular  President, GrafTech Seadrift Holding Corp.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 1 Board Members in 1 different organizations across 4 different industries.See Board Relationships64--
Background

		Mr. Craig S. Shular served as the Chief Executive Officer of Graftech International Ltd. from January 2003 to January 2014 and as its President from May 2002 to January 2014. Mr. Shular served as the President at Graftech Seadrift Holding Corp. Mr. Shular served as Acting Chief Financial Officer of GrafTech International Ltd. from March 2011 to July 18, 2011. From May 2002 to December 2002, he served as the Chief Operating Officer of Graftech International Ltd., and ... as its Acting Chief Financial Officer from December 12, 2005 to May 2006 and Acting Principal Accounting Officer since December 12, 2005. From August 2001 to December 2002, he served as an Executive Vice President of Graftech International Ltd.'s former Graphite Power Systems Division and served as Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from January 1999, with the additional duties of Executive Vice President, Electrode Sales and Marketing from February 2000 to August 2001. From 1976 to 1998, he held various positions at Union Carbide Corporation, including the Carbon Products Division (GrafTech's predecessor) from 1976 to 1979. Mr. Shular moved to Union Carbide's Corporate Group and held several senior positions in the areas of business management, sales and marketing, operations, government relations, corporate internal audits, international finance and accounting, serving assignments in Hong Kong, Indonesia, Singapore, Europe and the United States. He served as the Chairman of Graftech International Ltd. from February 2007 to December 31, 2014 and served as its Director from January 2003 to December 31, 2014. He has been an Independent Director of Materion Corporation since May 2008. Mr. Shular is a Certified Public Accountant, graduating from The State University of New York at Buffalo in 1974 with a Bachelor of Science degree in Business/Marketing, cum laude and Received a Degree of Master of Business Administration with honors (concentration in Finance/Accounting) from the same institution in 1976.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
12900 Snow RoadParma, Ohio 44130United StatesPhone: 216-676-2000Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
2008-PresentIndependent DirectorMaterion Corporation
Education
BS 1974University at BuffaloMBA 1976University at Buffalo
Other Affiliations
GrafTech International Ltd.Materion CorporationUniversity at BuffaloMicron Research Corp.Seadrift Coke, L.P.


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact GrafTech Seadrift Holding Corp., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


























 


























































 Behind Staid Steel, a Percolating Boardroom Drama - The New York Times






















Sections

Home

Search
Skip to content




The New York Times








                DealBook            

|
        Behind Staid Steel, a Percolating Boardroom Drama        
    






Search

Subscribe Now
Log In


0
Settings




Close search















Supported by



 




Search

 



Mergers & Acquisitions
Investment Banking
Private Equity
Hedge Funds
I.P.O./Offerings
Venture Capital
Legal/Regulatory








Corporate Governance 
Behind Staid Steel, a Percolating Boardroom Drama


				By David Gelles			
January 23, 2014 11:59 am
January 23, 2014 11:59 am




PhotoNathan Milikowsky was ousted from the board of GrafTech.Credit Michael Falco for The New York Times




Updated, 12:57 p.m. | When Craig S. Shular, the chief executive of a small steel company called GrafTech International, retired on Tuesday, it looked like just another management changeover at a midmarket industrial company.
But behind the scenes, a complex corporate governance battle was playing out, pitting Mr. Shular and a clubby board of directors against an outsider who joined the board as part of an acquisition three years ago. And even though Mr. Shular’s departure as chief executive was effective immediately, the fight for control of the $1.5 billion company is not over yet.
The story of GrafTech, replete with accusations of mismanagement and suspicions of leaked confidential information, illustrates the complex dynamics when relations between directors and management turn sour. It also highlights the increased sensitivity inside the boardroom in an era of activist investors and insider trading.
PhotoCraig Shular, center, at the New York Stock Exchange in 2011. He retired from GrafTech International on Tuesday.Credit Alyssa Ringler/NYSE Euronext, via Associated Press



The complications that have ensnared GrafTech began in 2010, when it acquired two companies controlled by Nathan Milikowsky, a small-time player in the big world of industrial steel. GrafTech paid about $850 million for the Carbide Graphite Group, which made a crucial piece of equipment for steel manufacturing called a graphite electrode, and Seadrift Coke, which made the raw material needed to produce the electrodes.
For Mr. Milikowsky, the deal was a windfall. In 2003, he had bought the assets of Carbide Graphite out of bankruptcy for about $6 million and turned the company around. In 2005, he acquired Seadrift Coke, allowing him to integrate an important supplier and ramp up revenue at both companies.
Cashing out to GrafTech made Mr. Milikowsky, his investors and dozens of his employees wealthy. And as part of the sale agreement, Mr. Milikowsky was guaranteed a seat on the GrafTech board as long as he and his associates held at least 12 million of the company’s shares.
Less than three years later, however, Mr. Milikowsky was pushed off the board — after management accused him of leaking material nonpublic information to a hedge fund — even though he still held 15 million shares.
Mr. Milikowsky maintains he was not the source of any leaks and that management and other directors ousted him because he was criticizing them and Mr. Shular as GrafTech’s share price plunged.
In recent weeks, Mr. Milikowsky was preparing to nominate a new slate of directors before the company’s annual meeting, setting up a showdown between an entrepreneur who contends he was improperly ousted and a company that says it is simply protecting itself.
But Mr. Shular’s abrupt resignation on Tuesday threw Mr. Milikowsky’s plans into disarray.
In stepping down, Mr. Shular said he made “the personal decision to retire from day-to-day management in order to spend more time with my family.” He will stay on through the year as executive chairman.
Mr. Milikowsky’s camp, however, says it believes Mr. Shular may have retired to avoid a public fight. This month, Mr. Milikowsky signaled he was on the verge of taking his nominees to GrafTech’s shareholders.
Whether Mr. Milikowsky proceeds with his plan to nominate new directors remains to be seen. On Wednesday, he applauded the resignation of Mr. Shular and called the promotion of Joel L. Hawthorne to chief executive “a good first step in the fundamental turnaround that is necessary to save the company and increase shareholder value.” But Mr. Milikowsky maintains that he deserves to be a director, and he vowed to continue to fight for a seat on the board.
Neither side expected the dispute when Mr. Milikowsky joined the GrafTech board in 2010. He was respected in the steel industry and initially on good terms with Mr. Shular and his fellow directors.
After Mr. Milikowsky spent a year on the board, however, his opinion of management and his fellow board members plunged. He thought the company was underperforming, spending too much on overhead and making poor strategic choices.
“This has been my only public company experience, and I was amazed,” he said in a recent interview. “The C.E.O. knew something about graphite electrodes, but the rest of the directors don’t know anything about the business.”
Some of his discontent can be chalked up to an entrepreneur’s discomfort with outsiders managing a business he built, and GrafTech did underperform its peers. But the last few years were going to be rough for GrafTech regardless of management choices as demand for its products waned in the wake of the financial crisis. Since Mr. Milikowsky joined the board, GrafTech shares have fallen 40 percent.
“I wouldn’t say it’s primarily on management why they’ve had poor performance,” said Michael Gambardella, a JPMorgan Chase analyst who covers GrafTech. “It’s the market.”
Nonetheless, Mr. Milikowsky said the company should have been doing better. “By late 2011, I had come to a distressing preliminary conclusion: Things aren’t as rosy as people say they are,” he said. “We’re turning down orders that we should be taking. So we’re losing market share. The inventory is ballooning.”
In early 2012, Mr. Milikowsky began meeting with other directors to make his case. At least one was openly supportive, he said, and another was sympathetic to his concerns but wary of confronting management without a majority of board members aligned.
Yet before Mr. Milikowsky’s campaign could gain traction, inquiries from a hedge fund, Samlyn Capital, put the company on edge. The hedge fund, which had been a passive investor in GrafTech for years, began asking pointed questions in May 2012 about the company’s operations.
Correspondence reviewed by The New York Times indicated that management and other directors believed that Samlyn appeared to have confidential information about the company, including details that were known only by a small circle of insiders, including the board. GrafTech management was worried that there could be insider trading in the stock, or that Samlyn could be using the information to make its case for change. And to Mr. Shular and some members of the board, Samlyn’s criticisms of the company sounded uncannily like those presented by Mr. Milikowsky.
The correspondence did not cite any specific examples of GrafTech insiders giving the hedge fund information. Samlyn, which no longer holds any GrafTech stock, has not been accused of any wrongdoing. Samlyn declined to comment.
Undaunted, Mr. Milikowsky pressed to replace Mr. Shular in a letter addressed to GrafTech’s lead director, Mary B. Cranston, a retired chairman of the big law firm Pillsbury Winthrop Shaw Pittman, who is also a director at Visa.
But by late 2012, Ms. Cranston and others inside the company had become convinced that Mr. Milikowsky was the source of the leaks. Samlyn had contacted Mr. Milikowsky’s brother, Daniel, who is also a GrafTech shareholder. And despite Mr. Milikowsky’s denials, he was pinned as the culprit.
GrafTech contends it referred the matter to the Securities and Exchange Commission. Meanwhile, it granted Mr. Shular whistle-blower status, protecting him from any related litigation. The S.E.C. appears never to have pursued the matter.
“They dreamed up this whistle-blower nonsense as a total sham excuse to protect Shular, and they dreamed up this leak as an excuse to force me off the board,” Mr. Milikowsky said.
At last year’s annual meeting, Mr. Milikowsky was not nominated for re-election and was subsequently removed from the board.
Since then, he has been working with law firms to make his case to the company that he was improperly ousted. Stephen Fraidin, a top lawyer at Kirkland & Ellis, took on his cause last year, adding legal firepower to the dispute.
But GrafTech has not budged so far. In letters to Mr. Milikowsky’s lawyers, GrafTech contends that Mr. Milikowsky violated the company’s corporate governance guidelines and did not return confidential information after his board service ended.
The company declined to answer questions about Mr. Milikowsky or the board.
After nearly a year away from the company, Mr. Milikowsky concedes he may never return to the board and expressed disillusionment about his experience as a director.
“It really gets to the heart of American capitalism,” he said. “You have this amazing business, and then you have management playing these games. If all public companies are like this, that is horrifying to me.”





What's Next


Loading...










Previous Post




				Lenovo Sees Server Deal as Part of ‘PC Plus’ Strategy			


Next Post




				Santander Consumer Shares Rise in Debut			





 







Advertisement






 





















Craig S. Shular - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Craig S. Shular
Board Member at Materion Corporation


View Full Profile
Are you Craig S. Shular? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Craig S. Shular's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Craig S. Shular's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Craig S. Shular's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Craig S. Shular through your network of contacts.
												








Craig S. Shular's Executive Work History


Current


Board Member, 
Materion Corporation


Past
To view Craig S. Shular's complete executive work history, sign up now
Education


SUNY at Buffalo


Age
64

 
 


Craig S. Shular's Biography



Craig S. Shular, former Executive Chairman of the Board, GrafTech International Ltd. (electrical industrial apparatus). Mr. Shular was elected Chairman of the Board of GrafTech in 2007 and served in that capacity until December 2014. He had been a director of GrafTech from January 2003 until May 2014. Mr. Shular served as Chief Executive Officer of GrafTech from 2003 and as President from 2002 until he retired from both positions in January 2014. From 2001 until 2002, he served as Executive Vice President of GrafTech's largest business, Graphite Electrodes. Mr. Shular joined GrafTech as its Vice President and Chief Financial Officer in 1999 a ...
(Read More)

			Craig S. Shular, former Executive Chairman of the Board, GrafTech International Ltd. (electrical industrial apparatus). Mr. Shular was elected Chairman of the Board of GrafTech in 2007 and served in that capacity until December 2014. He had been a director of GrafTech from January 2003 until May 2014. Mr. Shular served as Chief Executive Officer of GrafTech from 2003 and as President from 2002 until he retired from both positions in January 2014. From 2001 until 2002, he served as Executive Vice President of GrafTech's largest business, Graphite Electrodes. Mr. Shular joined GrafTech as its Vice President and Chief Financial Officer in 1999 and assumed the additional duties of Executive Vice President, Electrode Sales and Marketing in 2000 until 2001. Mr. Shular is 64 years old and has been a director of Materion Corporation since 2008. As the former Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President and former Chief Financial Officer of GrafTech, Mr. Shular brings a breadth of financial and operational management experience and provides our Board of Directors with a perspective of someone familiar with all facets of a global enterprise.
		
Source: Materion Corporation on 03/27/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Craig S. Shular's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Craig S. Shular. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Craig S. Shular's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Craig S. Shular's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Craig S. Shular through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Craig S. Shular


















Craig S. Shular's Connections (48)





Sign up now to view Craig S. Shular's 48 connections »









Richard J. Hipple
Executive Chairman, Materion Corporation









Mary B. Cranston
Board Member, Visa Inc.









Vinod M. Khilnani
Board Member, Materion Corporation









Karen G. Narwold
Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer and Corporate Secretary, Albemarle









Darlene J. Solomon
Board Member, Materion Corporation









Frank A. Riddick
Board Member, World Wrestling Entertainment, Inc.









Joseph P. Kelley
Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer, Materion Corporation









R. Eugene Cartledge
Former Board Member, Blount International Inc.









Michael C. Nahl
Chairman, Lindsay Corporation









Gregory R. Chemnitz
Vice President and General Counsel, Materion Corporation








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Daniel A. DeMatteo
Executive Chairman, GameStop Corp.









David J. O'Connor
President and CEO, The Madison Square Garden Company












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993
















Insider Trading - Shular Craig S - Form 4 SEC Filings












Home |
Archives |
Products |
About |
Contact |
FAQ |



New User?
Sign Up | 
Sign In









Form 4 Filings


Insider Buys


Significant Buys


Penny StocksInsider Buying


Insider Sales




Insider Buy Sell Ratios


Stock Options


Insider TradingStock Screener


Insider TradingGraph View


Insider Watch





Sec Filings Insider Trading - Shular Craig S





Select Time period: 
1 Month
2 Months
3 Months
6 Months
1 Year
2 Years
3 Years
4 Years
All Data
 

     



google

   



yahoo!



Send this page to:  

Blog
  



Digg

  



Reddit

  



Facebook

  



Stumble

  



del.icio.us








Enter Stock Ticker Symbol or Cik:




Cik Lookup...






Search By Company or Insider Name:







"Insiders might sell their shares for any number of reasons, but they buy them for only one:
they think the price will rise"
- Peter Lynch ==>>

What is insider trading>>



Email a friend >>...







Historical filings delayed by 6 months. New user?
Sign Up for real time data.
Existing user?
Sign In

Stock options: Exercise, Award, Grant, Conversion



TransactionDate
ReportedDate
ExercisableExpiration
Company
Symnbol
InsiderRelationship
SharesTraded
ConversionPrice
SharesOwned
Filing




2016-11-25Option Award
2017-01-041:11 pm
N/AN/A
Materion Corp
MTRN
Shular Craig SDirector
1
$39.03
48,946(Indirect)
View


2016-11-25Option Award
2016-11-281:32 pm
N/AN/A
Materion Corp
MTRN
Shular Craig SDirector
117
$39.03
48,944(Indirect)
View


2016-10-18Option Award
2016-10-201:04 pm
N/AN/A
Materion Corp
MTRN
Shular Craig SDirector
592
$29.55
48,827(Indirect)
View


2016-09-02Option Award
2016-09-072:07 pm
N/AN/A
Materion Corp
MTRN
Shular Craig SDirector
154
$29.63
48,235(Indirect)
View


2016-07-15Option Award
2016-07-191:53 pm
N/AN/A
Materion Corp
MTRN
Shular Craig SDirector
660
$26.48
48,081(Indirect)
View


2016-06-01Option Award
2016-06-0211:08 am
N/AN/A
Materion Corp
MTRN
Shular Craig SDirector
188
$23.91
45,323(Indirect)
View


2016-05-04Option Award
2016-05-094:06 pm
2017-05-042022-05-04
Materion Corp
MTRN
Shular Craig SDirector
2,941
$0
45,135(Direct)
View


2016-04-21Option Award
2016-04-2511:15 am
N/AN/A
Materion Corp
MTRN
Shular Craig SDirector
706
$28.29
45,135(Indirect)
View


2016-03-02Option Award
2016-03-041:06 pm
N/AN/A
Materion Corp
MTRN
Shular Craig SDirector
153
$25.97
44,429(Indirect)
View


2016-01-15Option Award
2016-01-203:19 pm
N/AN/A
Materion Corp
MTRN
Shular Craig SDirector
920
$21.73
44,275(Indirect)
View


2015-11-27Option Award
2015-11-303:27 pm
N/AN/A
Materion Corp
MTRN
Shular Craig SDirector
131
$29.13
43,007(Indirect)
View


2015-10-15Option Award
2015-10-163:53 pm
N/AN/A
Materion Corp
MTRN
Shular Craig SDirector
572
$34.92
42,877(Indirect)
View


2015-09-01Option Award
2015-09-0211:46 am
N/AN/A
Materion Corp
MTRN
Shular Craig SDirector
124
$30.58
42,305(Indirect)
View


2015-07-15Option Award
2015-07-161:31 pm
N/AN/A
Materion Corp
MTRN
Shular Craig SDirector
559
$35.77
42,181(Indirect)
View


2015-06-04Option Award
2015-06-053:53 pm
N/AN/A
Materion Corp
MTRN
Shular Craig SDirector
97
$38.41
41,622(Indirect)
View


2015-05-07Option Award
2015-05-113:10 pm
N/AN/A
Materion Corp
MTRN
Shular Craig SDirector
2,098
$38.13
41,495(Direct)
View


2015-04-23Option Award
2015-04-242:54 pm
N/AN/A
Materion Corp
MTRN
Shular Craig SDirector
495
$40.37
39,011(Indirect)
View


2015-03-03Option Award
2015-03-0510:40 am
N/AN/A
Materion Corp
MTRN
Shular Craig SDirector
88
$36.98
38,516(Indirect)
View


2015-03-03Option Award
2015-03-0510:40 am
N/AN/A
Materion Corp
MTRN
Shular Craig SDirector
5
$36.81
38,516(Direct)
View









    © 2005-2017 SecForm4.Com All rights reserved.
    Archives:
    2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 ... 
    Mon, 24 Jul 2017 03:36:21 -0500
  

    SEC is the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. EDGAR is a trademark of the SEC.
    SecForm4.Com is not affiliated with or approved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
Terms of Use |
    Privacy Statement |
  













Craig Shular helped GrafTech International take hard steps toward growth - Smart Business Magazine








































































 





Smart Business Magazine







LinkedIn
Facebook
Twitter
Google+
YouTube
rss
 



Search for:





 



                Cleveland
    




Craig Shular helped GrafTech International take hard steps toward growth

By: Mark Scott |  12:01am EDT May 1, 2012 





Craig Shular, Chairman, President and CEO, GrafTech International Ltd.
Craig Shular is an upbeat guy, but even he accepts that things had gotten pretty ugly at GrafTech International Ltd. in the early 2000s. Debt had surged to more than $1 billion despite net sales in the $500-million range. Shareholders couldn’t flee the publicly owned company fast enough.
“Most people had written us off,” says Shular, chairman, president and CEO at the manufacturer of carbon and graphite products. “The banks had frozen all our facilities. Suppliers were making us pay cash on delivery. It was that kind of environment.”
Big problems often require big cutbacks and this situation was no different. The company ended up going from 10 graphite electrode plants to five and reduced its employee count from 5,000 to about 2,200. Benefit programs had to be completely redone.
“Brutal,” says Shular, when asked to describe the steps that had to be taken at the company’s low point. “A very tough process.”
The challenge for Shular was that in the midst of all this turmoil, he had to find a way to get the employees who remained at GrafTech to buy into his plan to get the company back on its feet.
He had a vision he hoped reflected an optimistic view of the company’s future, but he had no way of really knowing if it could be fulfilled. It was something to work toward, and so it was up to him to take that optimism and build off of it.
“Unless you have a very clear picture at the senior management level and you can articulate that to all your teammates everywhere around the world, you’re going to have a tough time propelling the team forward,” Shular says. “The team is not going to be able to embrace the types of changes you’re asking them to make. That very clear vision that is very well-articulated to every team member is fundamental to enabling and embracing the type of changes that have to happen.”
Shular firmly latched onto that optimism and hoped his employees, who he prefers to call teammates, would join with him and do the same.
Lay it all out there
Shular needed to make it clear to his leadership team how deep the company had sunk and he had to do that before he could move forward with his recovery plan. In that situation, you really can’t afford to sugarcoat the truth.
“Do not hold anything back,” Shular says. “Give the team the exact, blunt, clear picture of your current reality. Here’s where your customers are. Here’s the quality of the product. Here’s what the balance sheet looks like. Here’s what your cash flow looks like. All the various metrics you use to drive your business. Here’s what we look like today and make very clear how that’s just not going to be able to continue. It’s not going to allow us to be successful.”
Shular didn’t stop at his leadership team. He wanted employees throughout the company and around the world to understand that the leadership team was not in denial about the need for change at GrafTech.
“So when someone in South Africa or France or Brazil goes home at night and their spouse says, ‘Gee, what was your day like? What’s going on in the company,’ that individual can articulate the current reality,’” Shular says. “Here’s what it looks like.”
As the cuts were announced, the climate at GrafTech was quite bleak. It was a necessary condition, but not one that Shular wanted to persist for too long. He needed to act with compassion, but also with a bit of urgency.
“If you continue to roll those out over a period of time, you’re going to get a team that is constantly looking over their shoulders,” Shular says. “What’s going to happen next? When is it me? When is it my family? So another very important part of any turnaround is to the maximum extent possible, lay out your plan and roll it out all at once.”
Shular wanted people to understand where the company was and the steps he was now forced to take. But he also wanted them to see a picture of where he felt the company could get to in its recovery.
“What we told everyone was that this was what we have to get done,” Shular says. “If we can get this done, and it will take months and in some cases a couple years to execute on all these, then we have a very good shot of getting to our vision.”
When you’re in a situation where you’re making significant cuts, you’ve got to keep the plan in everyone’s mind. The idea that they might lose their job doesn’t fade easily from the mind of your employees.
“You’re going to have to continue to overarticulate the vision and articulate where you are on the milestones,” Shular says. “Having some short-term milestones where the team can be successful and acknowledging them, highlighting them and celebrating them will help the team toward more of a view forward.”
It’s those little victories that can start the momentum you need to achieve bigger victories, or at least instill a little more confidence in your people.
“Preferably, they are some shorter-term milestones where the team can start to see two months from kickoff, ‘Oh, look what we did,’” Shular says. “So you’ve got to have some near-term successes that you believe you can knock off early in that game to continue to build the confidence in the team. Then you have to celebrate the hell out of those successes. Highlight them, celebrate them, have fun. If you don’t have fun in a turnaround, you’re going to lose a lot of people.”
Get in front of people
Shular couldn’t meet with every one of his employees around the world in the time period he needed to.
So he had to make the visits he could make really count and then rely on technology to fill in the gaps to ensure everybody had a clear idea of the direction he wanted to take. To that end, it wasn’t just meeting with top management at each location and having a catered lunch in the executive conference room when Shular arrived in town.
He wanted to interact with as many people as he could at the locations he visited, even it took all day and night.
“Don’t go in and just meet the day shift,” Shular says. “There are two other shifts. The other two shifts are going to get the message with or without you and I think it’s much better if they hear the message directly from the CEO. I have found that there is nothing more powerful than being on the third shift as the CEO is on the plant floor conducting a town hall.”
If you don’t have second and third shifts, the philosophy still applies. You’ve got to meet with people from throughout your company if you want them to believe that you value their place in the organization.
“Walk the plant floor and spend time with the operators, the men and women who actually make the products and provide services to the customer,” Shular says.
Take the time to field questions and do it with an attitude of patience, not one that conveys a feeling of being late for your next appointment.
“It gives you some direct feedback on maybe how the message is not coming through clearly or is not playing clearly in these countries,” Shular says. “They misinterpreted it. It lets you see that and get it rectified.”
One aspect that you might overlook in delivering information to your people is the mode of travel that you use to get to those meetings. At a time when someone’s good friend at the plant or in the office has been laid off, first-class airfare and fancy rental cars can easily become an example of insensitivity on your part.
“Everybody flies economy,” Shular says. “When you’re in a facility asking them and challenging them to drive continuous improvement every day, whether it’s productivity, quality, on-time delivery, inventory turns, it’s important that not only the CEO, but the entire leadership team walk that talk. So for the CEO to pull up in a big full-size rental car, that doesn’t work for us. I’m going to be in the cheapest, smallest car I can get. I’m going to arrive in economy. You’d be surprised how clear those messages trickle through the entire team.”
To help drive that message home, Shular instituted a policy where no one, himself included, would fly anything other than economy no matter how far or long their flight might be.
“Because of our global network and all the travel we have, for us, that was over a $6 million savings a year to get everybody in economy,” says Shular, who says he flies about 150,000 miles a year.
If you’re trying to balance the cost of travel with the importance of face-to-face communication, Shular says look at what you’re trying to gain from the trip and think about the message you want to convey to your people.
You can’t be ruled by cost but you also can’t be limited by it if it could help your business. It’s often a tricky line to navigate.
“Are we growing customers? Are we taking care of customers? Are we penetrating new markets? Is it going to allow us to be more successful in the future? Is it going to drive cash flow and profitability?” Shular says.
“As a business person, we would weigh those kinds of decisions all the time. We are very careful not to get to a place where we’re so driven by cost that we lose the view and drive toward what is propelling growth. Propelling profitable growth is our No. 1 mission. So the day that we let cost become the decider or the overriding decider, we won’t be in a good place.”
Focus on family
Shular hoped to instill optimism with his people at the same time he was delivering bad news through his approach, particularly with pay cuts.
“We cut salaries, but what we did was all that money that was cut, we put it into our global bonus plan,” Shular says. “What we said to the team was if we hit 1 ½ times target for that year’s goals, we’ll pay out all the bonus money plus all the salary money that had been cut. In addition, we said all the officers’ salaries, which were cut 10 percent, they can never get that money back. That will go into the pool and it will be paid out to all the other teammates if we hit 1 ½ times target.”
Shular wanted to show people that he wasn’t just slashing to reach a number and that things would never be the same again. He wanted to provide a sense of hope that if people worked hard, they would be rewarded for it.
He also wanted to show a sense of understanding that a recession and cutbacks are generally tougher on employees than they are on management.
“Significant portions of the management team cannot get any bonus unless the people get a bonus,” Shular says. “We don’t have a situation where the senior management team made a pretty nice bonus and the rest of the team got nothing or a very meager bonus. We all sit in exactly the same bonus pool and we all have the same metrics and we’re very much aligned. Having the right well-aligned incentive compensation program is very important to driving teamwork.”
As it turned out, his people did work hard and did earn that money back.
“The team that year hit 1.8 times target,” Shular says. “All that money, including the officers’ money, got paid out to all the teammates.”
If you show yourself to be an ally of entry-level employees and middle management as well as top management and the leadership team, you’ll fare a lot better earning support for the things you want to do. And you’ll probably find the results are better too.
Shular recalls something one of the employees said at a meeting he had with the third shift at a plant that GrafTech had acquired as part of its turnaround.
“He stands up and says, ‘Gee Craig, do you think we could get our fishing competition back?’” Shular says. “And I say, ‘Fishing competition? How is that work? What’s that all about?’”
Shular discovered that employees at this location at one time had an annual redfish competition that had become a company event. The previous owner had let the event fade away, and Shular was being asked if he could help get it back on the calendar.
“I said, ‘As long as you invite me,’” Shular said with a chuckle. “And so we reorganized and reinstituted it. It was last October. We have 150 teammates at that site and 78 joined the competition over a weekend. … It’s important that leadership drive fun. Work should be a fun process. When you think about it, we spend a majority of our time at work. In my view, the only reason we all work is for our families. If you don’t believe that, look at any individual that gets a promotion or a success at work or accomplishes a hard-fought goal. The first person they call is somebody back home. So we’re all here because of our family.”
Keep driving forward
One area that wasn’t touched during the company’s recovery was research and development.
“In fact, we grew R&D,” Shular says. “It was so paramount to us that we would have to invest in R&D and spend a lot of time on innovation that we moved our global headquarters here to Parma to be right next door and under the same roof as our R&D operation.”
The relocation of headquarters, along with the acquisition of several companies that broadened the expertise and capability of GrafTech, was evidence that the company wasn’t just looking to recover, but that it was looking to continue growing.
GrafTech had made some significant strides. The banks were looking at the company much more fondly and the company’s market cap had jumped to $3.2 billion.
But Shular was already thinking about the next downturn and what could be done to lessen the blow it and keep the growth momentum going.
“We knew a recession was going to come eventually, they always do,” Shular says. “I don’t think anyone knew when, but one of our mantras each day was, ‘We’re a day closer to the next recession.’ So we didn’t want complacency to fall into the company. We had done a great turnaround and everyone was patting us on the back. We didn’t want to fall into the usual trap of, ‘Hey, we’re pretty good.’ So we kept a mantra that we need more new product development, more patents, more innovation and continued relentless drive on cost structure and productivity.”
The next recession did come, of course, and it was a big one. Net sales took a dive from $1.2 billion in 2008 to $659 million in 2009. But sales got back over the $1 billion mark in 2010 and GrafTech reached $1.32 billion in 2011 with a market cap of $1.9 billion. 
The company is also back up to 3,181 employees.
“Today, we sit with almost 800 patents and patent-pending operations, one of the largest in our space,” Shular says.
“So that’s the turnaround, that’s building a spectacular balance sheet and that’s having a great balance sheet and a great team that is very, very nimble in the trough and can still play offense. So we expect as these economies continue to recover to emerge with a bigger, better and stronger business model and be the clear low-cost producer in our industry with a lot more science, technology and patents than when we entered this recession.”
How to reach: GrafTech International Ltd., (216) 676-2000 or www.graftech.com
Takeaways: Be honest about your problems. Consider costs. Always prepare for the next recession.






Leave a Reply Cancel reply 
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Comment Name * 
Email * 
Website 
 

 





 


You Might Also LikeFollow these steps to create a clear path for a smooth transitionA leadership paradoxPhani Nagarjuna wants people who share his vision at NuevoraBy putting customer needs first, Jenny Linton has OSIsoft poised for great thingsYou need both a vision and a plan to achieve it
















 


   Craig Shular | GrafTech International Ltd. | ZoomInfo.com

Craig Shular |  | Decypha

































Sign In
|
Welcome  Guest 









 







Regions

GCC
                                |
                                    Levant
                                |
                                    MENA
                                |
                                    North Africa




GCC

Bahrain
                            |
                            Kuwait
                            |
                            Oman
                            |
                            Qatar
                            |
                            Saudi Arabia
                            |
                            United Arab Emirates




Levant

Iraq
                            |
                            Jordan
                            |
                            Lebanon
                            |
                            Palestine




North Africa

Egypt
                            |
                            Libya
                            |
                            Morocco
                            |
                            Tunisia




Others

Iran
                            |
                            Turkey
                            |
                            United Kingdom
                            |
                            United States












Advanced Search















News






Markets






Companies






Research






Funds






Fixed Income






Money Markets






Commodities






FX






Economics






Analysis






More











Sign In
Membership
Customize Your Decypha
Logout
Welcome
Decypha Alerts












Home




People Profiles




People Profile



Craig Shular Profile














Full Name:

                                                    Craig Shular
                                                







Country:











Biography


                                                    Craig S. Shular, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President, GrafTech International Ltd. (Electrical industrial apparatus). Mr. Shular was elected... 











Designations




Date
Designation
Entity
Entity Description
Country




2003


GrafTech International Ltd

--

--



2008


Materion Corp

--

--









Check all the  individuals in 
Check The List






Request a Trial
















Title:*


Select
Mr
Mrs
Ms
Miss
Dr
Prof




First Name:*



Last Name:*



Job Title:*


Select
 Asset Managers
 Corporate Banks
 Investment Managers
 Wealth Managers
 Consultants & Advisors
 Legal Practioners
 Academics
 Hedge Funds
 Private Equity Analysts
 Traders
 Equity Research Analysts




Phone:*



Company:*




Email:*




Country:*


Select

                                                Afganistan
                                        

                                                Albania
                                        

                                                Algeria
                                        

                                                American Samoa
                                        

                                                Andorra
                                        

                                                Angola
                                        

                                                Anguilla
                                        

                                                Antarctica
                                        

                                                Antigua and Barbuda
                                        

                                                Argentina
                                        

                                                Armenia
                                        

                                                Aruba
                                        

                                                Australia
                                        

                                                Austria
                                        

                                                Azerbaijan
                                        

                                                Bahamas
                                        

                                                Bahrain
                                        

                                                Bangladesh
                                        

                                                Barbados
                                        

                                                Belarus
                                        

                                                Belgium
                                        

                                                Belize
                                        

                                                Benin
                                        

                                                Bermuda
                                        

                                                Bhutan
                                        

                                                Bolivia
                                        

                                                Bosnia and Herzegovina
                                        

                                                Botswana
                                        

                                                Bouvet Island
                                        

                                                Brazil
                                        

                                                British Indian Ocean Territory
                                        

                                                Brunei
                                        

                                                Bulgaria
                                        

                                                Burkina Faso
                                        

                                                Burundi
                                        

                                                Cambodia
                                        

                                                Cameroon
                                        

                                                Canada
                                        

                                                Cape Verde
                                        

                                                Cayman Islands
                                        

                                                Central African Republic
                                        

                                                Chad
                                        

                                                Chile
                                        

                                                China
                                        

                                                Christmas Island
                                        

                                                Cocos (Keeling) Islands
                                        

                                                Colombia
                                        

                                                Comoros
                                        

                                                Congo
                                        

                                                Cook Islands
                                        

                                                Costa Rica
                                        

                                                Cote D'Ivoire (Ivory Coast)
                                        

                                                Croatia (Hrvatska)
                                        

                                                Cuba
                                        

                                                Curacao
                                        

                                                Cyprus
                                        

                                                Czech Republic
                                        

                                                Czechoslovakia (former)
                                        

                                                Denmark
                                        

                                                Djibouti
                                        

                                                Dominica
                                        

                                                Dominican Republic
                                        

                                                East Timor
                                        

                                                Ecuador
                                        

                                                Egypt
                                        

                                                El Salvador
                                        

                                                Equatorial Guinea
                                        

                                                Eritrea
                                        

                                                Estonia
                                        

                                                Ethiopia
                                        

                                                Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
                                        

                                                Faroe Islands
                                        

                                                Fiji
                                        

                                                Finland
                                        

                                                France
                                        

                                                France, Metropolitan
                                        

                                                French Guiana
                                        

                                                French Polynesia
                                        

                                                French Southern Territories
                                        

                                                Gabon
                                        

                                                Gambia
                                        

                                                Georgia
                                        

                                                Germany
                                        

                                                Ghana
                                        

                                                Gibraltar
                                        

                                                Greece
                                        

                                                Greenland
                                        

                                                Grenada
                                        

                                                Guadeloupe
                                        

                                                Guam
                                        

                                                Guatemala
                                        

                                                Guernsey
                                        

                                                Guinea
                                        

                                                Guinea-Bissau
                                        

                                                Guyana
                                        

                                                Haiti
                                        

                                                Heard and McDonald Islands
                                        

                                                Honduras
                                        

                                                Hong Kong
                                        

                                                Hungary
                                        

                                                Iceland
                                        

                                                India
                                        

                                                Indonesia
                                        

                                                Iran
                                        

                                                Iraq
                                        

                                                Ireland
                                        

                                                Isle of Man
                                        

                                                Israel
                                        

                                                Italy
                                        

                                                Jamaica
                                        

                                                Japan
                                        

                                                Jersey
                                        

                                                Jordan
                                        

                                                Kazakhstan
                                        

                                                Kenya
                                        

                                                Kiribati
                                        

                                                Kuwait
                                        

                                                Kyrgyzstan
                                        

                                                Laos
                                        

                                                Latvia
                                        

                                                Lebanon
                                        

                                                Lesotho
                                        

                                                Liberia
                                        

                                                Libya
                                        

                                                Liechtenstein
                                        

                                                Lithuania
                                        

                                                Luxembourg
                                        

                                                Macau
                                        

                                                Macedonia
                                        

                                                Madagascar
                                        

                                                Malawi
                                        

                                                Malaysia
                                        

                                                Maldives
                                        

                                                Mali
                                        

                                                Malta
                                        

                                                Marshall Islands
                                        

                                                Martinique
                                        

                                                Mauritania
                                        

                                                Mauritius
                                        

                                                Mayotte
                                        

                                                Mexico
                                        

                                                Micronesia
                                        

                                                Moldova
                                        

                                                Monaco
                                        

                                                Mongolia
                                        

                                                Montenegro
                                        

                                                Montserrat
                                        

                                                Morocco
                                        

                                                Mozambique
                                        

                                                Myanmar
                                        

                                                Namibia
                                        

                                                Nauru
                                        

                                                Nepal
                                        

                                                Netherlands
                                        

                                                Netherlands Antilles
                                        

                                                Neutral Zone
                                        

                                                New Caledonia
                                        

                                                New Zealand (Aotearoa)
                                        

                                                Nicaragua
                                        

                                                Niger
                                        

                                                Nigeria
                                        

                                                Niue
                                        

                                                Norfolk Island
                                        

                                                North Korea
                                        

                                                Northern Mariana Islands
                                        

                                                Norway
                                        

                                                Oman
                                        

                                                Pakistan
                                        

                                                Palau
                                        

                                                Palestine
                                        

                                                Panama
                                        

                                                Papua New Guinea
                                        

                                                Paraguay
                                        

                                                Peru
                                        

                                                Philippines
                                        

                                                Pitcairn
                                        

                                                Poland
                                        

                                                Portugal
                                        

                                                Puerto Rico
                                        

                                                Qatar
                                        

                                                Reunion
                                        

                                                Romania
                                        

                                                Russia
                                        

                                                Rwanda
                                        

                                                S. Georgia and S. Sandwich Isls.
                                        

                                                Saint Kitts and Nevis
                                        

                                                Saint Lucia
                                        

                                                Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
                                        

                                                Samoa
                                        

                                                San Marino
                                        

                                                Sao Tome and Principe
                                        

                                                Saudi Arabia
                                        

                                                Senegal
                                        

                                                Serbia
                                        

                                                Seychelles
                                        

                                                Sierra Leone
                                        

                                                Singapore
                                        

                                                Slovak Republic
                                        

                                                Slovenia
                                        

                                                Solomon Islands
                                        

                                                Somalia
                                        

                                                South Africa
                                        

                                                South Korea
                                        

                                                South Sudan
                                        

                                                Spain
                                        

                                                Sri Lanka
                                        

                                                St. Helena
                                        

                                                St. Pierre and Miquelon
                                        

                                                Sudan
                                        

                                                Suriname
                                        

                                                Svalbard and Jan Mayen Islands
                                        

                                                Swaziland
                                        

                                                Sweden
                                        

                                                Switzerland
                                        

                                                Syria
                                        

                                                Taiwan
                                        

                                                Tajikistan
                                        

                                                Tanzania
                                        

                                                Thailand
                                        

                                                Togo
                                        

                                                Tokelau
                                        

                                                Tonga
                                        

                                                Trinidad and Tobago
                                        

                                                Tunisia
                                        

                                                Turkey
                                        

                                                Turkmenistan
                                        

                                                Turks and Caicos Islands
                                        

                                                Tuvalu
                                        

                                                US Minor Outlying Islands
                                        

                                                USSR (former)
                                        

                                                Uganda
                                        

                                                Ukraine
                                        

                                                United Arab Emirates
                                        

                                                United Kingdom
                                        

                                                United States
                                        

                                                Uruguay
                                        

                                                Uzbekistan
                                        

                                                Vanuatu
                                        

                                                Vatican City State (Holy See)
                                        

                                                Venezuela
                                        

                                                Vietnam
                                        

                                                Virgin Islands (British)
                                        

                                                Virgin Islands (U.S.)
                                        

                                                Wallis and Futuna Islands
                                        

                                                Western Sahara
                                        

                                                Yemen
                                        

                                                Yugoslavia
                                        

                                                Zaire
                                        

                                                Zambia
                                        

                                                Zimbabwe
                                        




Comments:





*Required Fields


 

 Submit








Already Registered?








Login attempt was not successful. Please try again








Username/ Email:



Password:





Enter Characters:















 

 Login





 Forget your password?
























By Job Title


Asset Managers |
                                    Corporate Banks |
                                    Investment Managers |
                                    Wealth Managers |
                                    Consultants & Advisors |
                                    Legal Practitioners |
                                    Academics |
                                    Hedge Funds |
                                    Private Equity Analysts |
                                    Traders |
                                    Equity Research Analysts


By Scope


Equity |
                                    Fixed Income |
                                    Funds |
                                    Excel  |
                                    Analytical Tools  |
                                    Markets  |
                                    Prices  |
                                    Money Market |
                                    News |
                                    Industry |
                                    IPOs |
                                    Mergers & Acquisitions |
                                    Commodities |
                                    Economics



Covered Countries and Exchanges

















Add Your Company | 
                                        Add Yourself | 
                                        Terms and Conditions | 
                                        Privacy Policy | 
                                        About DirectFN









Copyright ©  DirectFN. All Rights Reserved.











Data Not Available









Login











Login attempt was not successful. Please try again


Username/ Email:


Password:



Enter Characters:











 Forget your password?











Back to Top

Support & Feedback


Ask for free trial









Request a Trial
















Title:*


Mr
Mrs
Ms
Miss
Dr
Prof




First Name:*



Last Name:*



Email:*




Phone:*



Promo. Code:



Country:*


Select
Afganistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Cote D'Ivoire (Ivory Coast)
Croatia (Hrvatska)
Cuba
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Czechoslovakia (former)
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
East Timor
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
France, Metropolitan
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard and McDonald Islands
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
Neutral Zone
New Caledonia
New Zealand (Aotearoa)
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
North Korea
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestine
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Reunion
Romania
Russia
Rwanda
S. Georgia and S. Sandwich Isls.
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovak Republic
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Korea
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
St. Helena
St. Pierre and Miquelon
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen Islands
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
US Minor Outlying Islands
USSR (former)
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican City State (Holy See)
Venezuela
Vietnam
Virgin Islands (British)
Virgin Islands (U.S.)
Wallis and Futuna Islands
Western Sahara
Yemen
Yugoslavia
Zaire
Zambia
Zimbabwe




Company:*



Job Title:


Select
 Academics
 Asset Managers
 Consultants & Advisors
 Corporate Banks
 Equity Research Analysts
 Hedge Funds
 Investment Managers
 Legal Practioners
 Private Equity Analysts
 Traders
 Wealth Managers




Comments:




*Required Fields


 

 Submit



















Contact Us












Hello ,Please use the below form for
                            Product support & feedback


Name :  *  


Email:  * 


Phone Number :  * 






Preferred contact method :
Email
Phone











Technical Support 24x7: +94 112 314900 / slhops@directfn.net
Your Account Manager is, , , 






















 Get a Decypha Membership to view this content..................







Get a Decypha Membership


 Get the membership of Decypha Premium Package to access more exciting features including advanced analytical tools and the Pro 10 package. Pro 10 is designed keeping active investors in mind and offers a flexible framework to view information and do analysis the way you desire.

All you need to access these valuable features is to click on the Get a membership button and submit your details to our sales team.















Upgrade your Membership


 Account is not entitled to view this information.

 Please contact your account manager to upgrade your Membership.

Email :  support@decypha.com






 Register to view this content..................







 Decypha Free Registration


Register free with Decypha and get access to real-time price information and many other features including Technical Scanner, Fundamental Screener etc.

Just click the Registration button, submit your details and get registered for free.








 




Sitemap  - Salary.com







































Enterprise
Small Business
Personal


Contact Us
Log In































Salaries
Jobs
Education
Advice













Sitemap 





  


Salary

US Salary Wizard
Purchase a Salary Report
Browse by Category
Browse by Income
Popular Salaries
Canadian Salary Wizard
Negotiation Tips
Trends
Benefits Calculator
Benefits Information
Executive Pay Wizard
Employment & Labor News


Job Search

Search Job Openings
Job Comparison Tool
Browse Jobs by State
Browse by Category
Resume Advice
Job Alert Emails
Interview Techniques
Networking
Personal Branding
Unemployment
Popular Job Searches


Education

Education Finder
Browse by Career
Browse by Level
Browse by Major
College Tuition Planner
Higher-Education
Vocational Education
Training & Certification
Trade Shows & Conferences
Internships





 


Career Development

Archetype Test
Performance Self-Test
Career Profiles
Performance Reviews
Management Advice


Work & Life

Cost of Living Calculator
Cost of Living News
Relocating for Work
Work/Life Balance
Get Organized
Office Politics
Investing Wisely
Volunteering


Features

Salary Talk Podcast
Dream Jobs
Ask The Salary Expert
Office Etiquette
 Mom Salary Wizard
 Dad Salary Wizard
 The Executive Presence Blog
 Boost Your Work/Life Balance
 The Salary Tutor
 Get Interviews
 Personality Style at Work
 Awesomize Me
 Dollars & $ense Job Search
 Green Notes
 Job Channel Network
Glossary







Product Overviews


Data Subscriptions
Job Pricing Reports


Articles


HR Articles
Compensation
Defining a Job
Hiring Employees
Measuring Performance
Leadership 
Running a Business
Leadership
Organization
Finance



































     

privacy policy
terms of use
about us
contact us

©  Salary.com. All rights reserved.


US Salaries
Canadian Salaries
Purchase a Salary Report
Salaries by Category
Salaries by Income
Salaries by Industry
Popular Salaries
Negotiation Tips
Benefits Calculator
Search Job Openings
Job Openings by State
Job Openings by Category
Education by Career
Education by Level
Education by Major
Cost of Living Calculator












