 









Cleanshield - Sierra Leone / Business Opportunity - YouTube 


 
  























































 
 

 
Skip navigation
  
 

 
Sign inSearch

 





Loading...
    






 


Close

 


 

 Yeah, keep it
Undo
Close
 




              This video is unavailable.

    







Watch QueueQueueWatch QueueQueue 
Remove allDisconnect







The next video is startingstop 


Loading...
    

 



 

Watch Queue
    
Queue

__count__/__total__
    









 









































 


 

Find out whyClose















Loading...
    







        Unsubscribe from Richard K. Appiah?
      


Cancel
Unsubscribe










        Working...
    










SubscribeSubscribedUnsubscribe16 











Loading...
    









Loading...
    













        Working...
    















    Cleanshield - Sierra Leone / Business Opportunity
  



 










Richard K. Appiah


 
Add to

Want to watch this again later?

      Sign in to add this video to a playlist.
    
Sign in


Share

 More
 


Report


Need to report the video?

      Sign in to report inappropriate content.
    
Sign in





Transcript




Statistics



Add translations

1 view







0

Like this video?

      Sign in to make your opinion count.
    
Sign in



1


0

Don't like this video?

      Sign in to make your opinion count.
    
Sign in



1











Loading...
    











Loading...
    





Transcript
    





The interactive transcript could not be loaded.
      








Loading...
    








Loading...
    





Rating is available when the video has been rented.




      This feature is not available right now. Please try again later.
    




Published on Jul 26, 2017Designed for Success!opportunity imgThis product and business plan is designed to have an opportunity to create for yourself a healthy and wealthy life. As you seize this opportunity, you will discover the power of an amazing health product (Cleanshield INT) along with an exciting business to create wealth.CleanShield Compensation Plan gives you several ways to earn generous commissions every month in direct proportion to your ability to sell the product to your customers and build an organization of Independent Distributors who do the same. Your rewards grow with your business.Learn about the various Marshal stages and the rewards associated with them. 



      Category
    

Sports




      License
    

Standard YouTube License




 Show more
Show less






Loading...
    















Autoplay


When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next. 

 


        Up next
      






    Cleanshield - Gambia / Cleanshield liquid supplement
  

     - Duration: 1:58.
  
Richard K. Appiah
No viewsNew





            1:58
          














    CLEANSHIELD LIQUID SUPPLEMENT
  

     - Duration: 2:01.
  
Richard K. Appiah
214 views





            2:01
          





    Reasons why you need to take Cleanshield
  

     - Duration: 5:04.
  
Richard K. Appiah
51 views





            5:04
          





    CLEANSHIELD LIQUID SUPPLEMENT IN TWI
  

     - Duration: 3:20.
  
Richard K. Appiah
1,030 views





            3:20
          





    CLEANSHIELD BUSINESS IN TWI
  

     - Duration: 1:38.
  
Richard K. Appiah
21 views





            1:38
          





    CLEANSHIELD INT'L AWARDS CEREMONY IN KUMASI 1/07/2016
  

     - Duration: 2:12.
  
Richard K. Appiah
96 views





            2:12
          





    CLEANSHIELD INT'L AWARDS CEREMONY IN KUMASI 1/07/2016 part4
  

     - Duration: 2:23.
  
Richard K. Appiah
32 views





            2:23
          





    VID 20160701 135229CLEANSHIELD INT'L AWARDS CEREMONY IN KUMASI 1/07/2016 part5
  

     - Duration: 2:32.
  
Richard K. Appiah
20 views





            2:32
          





    Balance 7 / Cleanshield   pH Balance and pH Demonstation
  

     - Duration: 7:08.
  
Richard K. Appiah
82 views





            7:08
          





    Benefits For Becoming CleanShield Distributor
  

     - Duration: 1:06.
  
Richard K. Appiah
86 views





            1:06
          





    Cleanshield Liquid Supplement In English
  

     - Duration: 1:58.
  
Richard K. Appiah
15 views





            1:58
          





    Cleanshield Liquid supplement In  Twi Language
  

     - Duration: 3:16.
  
Richard K. Appiah
43 views





            3:16
          





    basic building blocks of network marketing
  

     - Duration: 7:41.
  
Richard K. Appiah
5 views





            7:41
          





    CleanShield Compensation Plan
  

     - Duration: 17:17.
  
Richard K. Appiah
33 views





            17:17
          





    Cleanshield - Gambia   Business Opportunity
  

     - Duration: 1:22.
  
Richard K. Appiah
No viewsNew





            1:22
          





    Cleanshield - Sierra Leone / Liquid Supplement
  

     - Duration: 1:58.
  
Richard K. Appiah
1 viewNew





            1:58
          





    CleanShield Testimones Video French Language
  

     - Duration: 7:28.
  
Richard K. Appiah
No viewsNew





            7:28
          











  

 
Language:
  
  English



 
Content location:
  
  United States



 
Restricted Mode:
  
Off



History Help





Loading...
    






Loading...
    






Loading...
    


 About
Press
Copyright
Creators
Advertise
Developers
+YouTube
 Terms
Privacy

Policy & Safety
  
Send feedback

Test new features













Loading...
    














        Working...
    









 
Sign in to add this to Watch Later

    
 

Add to
    





        Loading playlists...
    


 


 



Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Sierra Trust - Equity Opportunity Fund: Private Company Information - Bloomberg








































  





















































































July 28, 2017 3:37 PM ET

Company Overview of Sierra Trust - Equity Opportunity Fund



Snapshot People




Company Overview



,  United States










Key Executives for Sierra Trust - Equity Opportunity Fund


Sierra Trust - Equity Opportunity Fund does not have any Key Executives recorded. 





Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 	Aryzta Us Holdings I Corp. United States 	Michael Anthony Hernandez, A Professional Corp United States !SOLUTIONS! Group United States "Atlantic Tele-Satellite, Inc. United States "D" Construction, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Sierra Trust - Equity Opportunity Fund, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Sierra Whiskey Fund, LLC Investor Portal













Sierra Whiskey Fund, LLC 506(c) Investor Portal




























x
Have a question about our offering?Please complete the contact form and we will get back to you.


























 

Sierra Whiskey Fund, LLC
Seth Wilson
4800 NW Cliff View Drive
Riverside, MO 64150
(816) 307-0420






Sierra Whiskey Fund, LLC
Kansas City Multi-Family Real Estate Investment
v scroll down to learn more v










Sierra Whiskey Fund, LLC 506(c) Offering Platform
INTRODUCTION TO OUR COMPANY
Sierra Whiskey Fund, LLC (the “Company” or the “Fund”) was formed for the purpose of acquiring and managing apartment real
	estate assets. The Company will acquire and manage high-quality real estate and provide participating investors with a passive real
	estate focused investment opportunity that combines income, principal growth, and strong capital preservation. The Fund is managed
	by Sierra Whiskey Capital (“SWC” or the “Fund Manager”), a Missouri company that is highly specialized in apartment acquisition
	and management. SWC is managed by a very experienced real estate professional with years of successful capital offerings and real
	estate success.
The Fund’s primary focus is creating investor wealth through proven cost-effective investment strategies. The management team’s
	collective abilities provide an advantage over investing as an individual by allowing the Fund to quickly and efficiently address any real
	estate acquisition and management issues. The Fund’s ability to invest with ready capital also provides greatly enhanced negotiation
	leverage as the Fund can purchase property quickly and without the typical delays encountered with other purchasers that require a
	new capital raise to close on a property. Since the Fund’s primary manager is directly involved in the placement of investment funds
	into undervalued properties, the Fund can manage its investments more actively than large institutional investors. By investing in a
	Fund with experienced and specialized management, investors are freed from the complexities, headaches and time required with
	individual property ownership.







"The [Kansas City rental] boom is fueled by big sectors of the population who can’t qualify for a mortgage or simply don’t want to own a house.
— http://www.kansascity.com/ —







Sierra Whiskey Fund, LLC 506(c) Offering Platform
SUMMARY OF OPERATIONS
Over the years the Fund manager has seen extreme market fluctuations; because of this the Fund’s management team is constantly
	researching market trends to develop strategies allowing the Fund to mitigate this volatility and reduce potential negative effects on
	the Fund’s investors. This experience has also better positioned the Fund to take advantage of market opportunities presented in
	times of uncertainty. This proactive approach sets the Sierra Whiskey Fund apart from its would-be competition.
The Fund’s management team has identified compelling opportunities for the acquisition of multi-family real estate in certain markets
	within Kansas and Missouri. This prospectus will outline the Fund’s proprietary strategies for executing on these opportunities and the
	important details regarding your investment in the Fund’s securities.


request access to our private placement memorandum







"Kansas City area rents in multifamily buildings in 2016 overall are up 5.3 percent from a year ago, compared with a nationwide increase of 3.4 percent."
— from Zillow data analyisis, http://www.kansascity.com/ —






Sierra Whiskey Fund, LLC 506(c) Offering Platform
Company Management Team
The Company is currently managed by seasoned business and sector professionals dedicated to the success of the Company and efficient execution of its planned operations







Seth Wilson
Managing Member of Sierra Whiskey Properties, LLC

Seth Stewart Wilson is the Managing Member of Sierra Whiskey Properties, LLC based in Kansas City, Missouri.
	In his position, he is responsible for the acquisition, financing, management, and sale of commercial multifamily
	housing as well as investor relations.
	A native of Swansea, Illinois Wilson earned a bachelor-of-science degree in Aviation Management from
	Southern Illinois University Carbondale. Upon graduating he commissioned into the United States Air Force as
	a Second Lieutenant. In that capacity Mr. Wilson has deployed three times in support of combat operations in
	Afghanistan and Iraq. He currently serves part-time in the Missouri Air National Guard in St. Joseph, Missouri, where he fulfills his duty
	as a pilot of the C-130 tactical airlift aircraft.
	Wilson has extensive leadership experience in high stress and ambiguous environments. His leadership is complimented by living core
	values that emphasize integrity, discipline and excellence. These attributes have given him the tools needed to excel in his area of real
	estate expertise.
	Seth Wilson bought his first property at the age of 23. He still owns the property and has remotely managed the tenants from thousands
	of miles away due to the systems he had built. Less than 6 years later and passionate to enter commercial real estate, Wilson saved
	money for a down payment by living in a recreational vehicle for eighteen months with his dog, Sally. The fruits of this sacrifice were
	realized when he saved enough for a down payment on a 12-unit apartment building with a large value-add opportunity. Since then
	Wilson and his team have completely turned over the residents and have installed high quality renters that pay significantly more, are
	easier to manage, and take care of their community. This property sold for more than twice the equity that was invested in it just two
	years later. Within a short period of time he added the ‘Allen Building’ and ‘HillCrest Apartments’ to continue the business plan and
	create staggering returns for his investors.
	Mr. Wilson has several mentors that continue to guide him in his ambition to be the best and most profitable apartment owner in
	Kansas City. He prides himself on preparing his investors for working with a full-service professional organization. In his spare time he
	enjoys travel, spending time outdoors, and flying small airplanes.
	            







Craig Haskell
Senior Advisor

Craig Haskell has devoted over 25 years to re-inventing and repositioning multifamily assets for maximum
	growth, value and income for his clients and investors. Craig has owned or managed 7,200 units and 2.8
	million square feet of commercial space in 12 states, and provided advisory services on over $2 billion in asset
	value. Currently, Craig serves as CEO and Founder of Haskell Value Group, an owner / operator of lifestyle,
	multifamily properties, and CEO of Z Villa Communities LLC.
	            







"The average apartment rent over the prior 6 months in Kansas City has increased by $37 (3.9%)
	One bedroom units have increased by $15 (1.8%) and two bedroom apartments have increased by $60 (6%)."
- rentjungle.com -







Sierra Whiskey Fund, LLC 506(c) Offering Platform
Terms of the offering
$5,000,000
Minimum Offering: $1,000,000
Minimum Subscription: $50,000 (2 Units)
Sierra Whiskey Fund, LLC (the “Company” or “Sierra Whiskey Fund”), a Missouri Company, is offering a minimum of 40 and
	a maximum of 200 Membership Units for $25,000 per unit.
Targeted IRR: 13%+
The Membership Units sold through this Offering shall participate in distributions of net profit from operations on the following
	schedule and terms; (i) a distribution to the Members to equal an annual eight percent (8%) non-compounding cumulative Preferred
	Return Distribution (the “Preferred Return”) distributed to Members annually and calculated based on the Member’s invested capital
	contributions and; (ii) a distribution to the Members on a pari passu basis equaling seventy percent (70%) of any additional net
	profit from operations with the Manager participating in thirty percent (30%) of distributable net profit. Net distributable profit from
	the liquidation of real estate assets shall be distributed on the following schedule and terms; (i) one hundred percent (100%) of
	distributable net profit to the Members until such time as any accrued Preferred Return is paid and; (ii) one hundred percent (100%)
	of distributable net profit to the Members until such time as invested capital contributions have been repaid and; (iii) remaining net
	profit will be distributed seventy percent (70%) to the Members and thirty percent (30%) to the Manager.
	See “Exhibit B - Operating Agreement” for specific rights and terms related to these Membership Units.


request access to our private placement memorandum







"Never depend on a single income.  Make investments to create a second source."
- Warren Buffet -







Sierra Whiskey Fund, LLC 506(c) Offering Platform
So Much More than what you See







before you invest
The Sierra Whiskey Fund, LLC 506(c) Investor Portal provides the capability for prospective accredited investors to become approved as a “prospect", review accreditation requirements, request delivery of the Private Placement Memorandum (“PPM”) with multiple delivery options (print, electronic, flip book), access management contact information, and view the Company’s SEC Form D filing.
For the Company’s management team, this allows for controlled access to the PPM with the prospect providing contact information and, after approval, being added to the investor prospect database which provides management an effective tool for investor prospect relations and management.







after you invest
Once a prospective investor has decided they are interested in investing, we can then upgrade the prospect account to “Investor” level access. This access now provides the capability for investors to download subscription documents, specific process information for investing and instructions on transfer of investment funds, investor relations contact information, and the ability to see in real time statistics on the offering.
Investor level access also includes access to an investor relations module that provides Investors the capability to access updates from management, quarterly and annual reports, operations or project updates from the Company, press releases, and Company financials. The portal’s mobile “app” type interface will allow the Company’s management team to review and approve upgrading prospects to “Investor” status from mobile devices in real time.






 Ready to learn more out our investment opportunity? Request Access now!


become an investor prospect






Regulation D 506(c) Mandated Legend
Any historical performance data represents past performance. Past performance does not guarantee future results; Current performance may be different than the performance data presented; The Company is not required by law to follow any standard methodology when calculating and representing performance data; The performance of the Company may not be directly comparable to the performance of other private or registered funds or companies; The securities are being offered in reliance on an exemption from the registration requirements, and therefore are not required to comply with certain specific disclosure requirements; The Securities and Exchange Commission has not passed upon the merits of or approved the securities, the terms of the offering, or the accuracy of the materials.






















Sierra Madre
























Skip to main content









Sierra Madre


Toggle navigation












 







Sierra Madre combines first-world private equity expertise
with unparalleled local investment experience
to support ambitious entrepreneurs
and deliver sustainable growth in the philippines
 





ABOUT US
Sierra Madre is a private equity (PE) group. Sierra Madre actively invests in and engages with companies to help them deliver
significant change in their trajectory through strategy development, operational improvement and
enhanced governance and sustainability practices.
 
Sierra Madre’s team brings multi-stage investment experience across start-up, high-growth, carve-out,
leveraged buyout and buy & build situations. Across economic cycles, the team has successfully delivered
returns to investors, realizing investments through initial public offerings (IPOs), trade sales,
private equity recapitalizations and management buy-backs.
 
Sierra Madre differentiates itself from global and regional private equity groups with its deep
and extensive local business and management networks built over decades.
 
By being on the ground, Sierra Madre is often able to gain access to deal flow ahead of firms that cover
the local market from overseas. Sierra Madre leverages the experience and reputation of its partners
in raising capital, attracting management talent and adding strategic value to portfolio companies.
 







 Martin Lorenzo Martin Lorenzo is a serial
entrepreneur and operations
specialist who has acquired,
managed, and exited companies
across various sectors including
agriculture, F&B, retail, real estate
and cable television over more
than 25 years. He is the former
Chief Executive of Pancake House
and Managing Director
of Del Monte Pacific.
 
Martin holds an MBA
in Finance and Corporate Strategy
from the Wharton Business School
in Pennsylvania.
 


   


 Danny Lizares Danny Lizares has well over a
decade of private equity
experience working with two
successive regional funds.
Danny has extensive sector
expertise encompassing food
retail, healthcare, personal care, and
manufacturing.
Mr. Lizares is a Board Member or
Senior Adviser to various companies
both listed and unlisted.
 
Mr. Lizares holds an M.Sc. in
Industrial Economics from the
Center for Research & Communication
and an M.A. in International Relations
from Boston University.


   


 Alasdair Thomson Alasdair Thomson has more than
16 years of private equity
experience across Europe, the USA
and the Philippines.
 
He has more than 25 years of
experience in the Philippines over
which he has developed extensive
family, social and business
relationships.
 
Prior to co-founding Sierra Madre,
Alasdair was a partner at
Morgan Stanley Capital Partners
and Senior Principal at Apax
Partners in Europe.
 
Alasdair has an MBA with
Distinction from INSEAD.


   




Sierra Madre Team


Seated Left to Right: Jhoi Hocson, Ria Dizon, Greg Rivera and Angelo Lee
Standing Left to Right: Alfred Awe and Martin B. Tan
 






 
For Investors
 
   











 




The philippines presents a highly attractive emerging
market opportunity driven by strong, secular macro trends:





Political & economic reforms




Attractive Demographics




GrowingMiddle Class




RapidUrbanization


 
   







  
 Improved Investment Environment 
 Over recent years,
the Philippines has
demonstrated less volatile and
more robust growth relative to
its Southeast Asian peers
leading to a series of
credit rating upgrades that
have intensified capital inflow
from foreign investors.
 
   

  
 Young Workforce 
 The archipelago of 7,107
islands is home to more
than 100 million people
comprised largely of a
young and dynamic
workforce that is almost
20 years younger than its
developed market peers.
 
   

  
 Increasingly Wealthy Population 
 Consumption driven
sectors such as F&B,
retail, logistics,
education and
healthcare are poised
to benefit from an
increasingly wealthy
population as the
country expects to add
35 million middle class
consumers by 2030.
 
   

  
 Rapid Urbanization 
 The Philippines is
expecting its urban
population to grow by
34%, fueling the need for
new cities to
accommodate wealthy
consumers and the
expansion of businesses
that serve them.
 
   







 
Sierra Madre is strategically positioned to capture this unique emerging market opportunity:





Sierra Madre addresses a market that is underserved by global and regional PE funds, local banks, and large strategic players


High volume deal flow allows Sierra Madre to selectively invest in companies that have the potential to be clear cut market leaders


Sierra Madre’s positioning allows it to overcome head-on competition for deals with large PEs and local strategic buyers


Natural exit routes through sale to local conglomerates, strategic trade buyers, or recapitalization from regional financial investors



 
   




For Potential Partners Banner


For Potential Partners
Whether you’re the founder of the company looking to take a step back from the day-to-day operations of the business
or ensure a smooth transition to the next generation, a family committed to creating rewards and opportunities
for your employees, or simply an ambitious owner seeking to take the business to the next stage of growth,
Sierra Madre’s team has the experience, know-how, and passion to help you maximize the value of your company,
while addressing your unique needs and challenges.
 






 

Sierra Madre has worked with



Founders




Families




ManagementTeams




Helping them with



SuccessionPlanning




domestic andregional expansion




Initial public  offering(IPO)




Mergers & Acquisitions




Environmentalsocial & corporategovernance




Working capital &fixed asset financing



 
   




How sierra madre creates value



 





Invest in organic growth: sales & marketing activity / new product & service development


Expand geographic presence


Drive market consolidation through acquisitions



 
   

 




Introduction of best practices
Upgrade management capability
Use Management Information Systems (MIS) to identify and eliminate inefficiencies
Tighten cost controls and implement financial discipline
Focus management on KPIs


 
   

 




Develop a strategic industry position
Upgrade governance, environmental and business practices
Invest in quality of management
Improve information systems
Proactively manage exit process


 
   

 




Extend personal and institutional relationships with local banks to the benefit of portfolio companies e.g. provision of working capital facilities
Use of modest debt leverage where appropriate


 
   



Highlights



 Del Monte Pacific 
 In 1995, Martin Lorenzo spearheaded his family’s leveraged
buyout of food conglomerate Del Monte Pacific, an
investment made alongside institutional investors from
Singapore and the United States. Having driven topline
growth and improved the company’s operational efficiency
as its Managing Director, he eventually lead Del Monte’s
successful IPO on the Singapore Stock Exchange and
subsequently orchestrated his family’s divestment to
San Miguel and NutriAsia.
 
   

 Pancake House Group 
 In 2000, Martin acquired Pancake House, a restaurant chain
that was, at the time, performing below its full potential but
one that he felt had strong brand recognition. Over a 13 year
investment period, he led the group, as its Chairman and
CEO, through multiple stages of robust growth, inviting a
regional private equity fund to help him accelerate growth
through acquisition. During this period, Martin successfully
grew revenue by more than 40x and the number of stores
from 15 to 300. In 2013, he eventually handed over the reins
of the business to a strategic investor.
 
   

 Cirtek Holdings Philippines Corporation 
 Cirtek is one of the Philippines’ leading semiconductor players.
In 2007, Danny Lizares led Aureos Capital’s investment into
Cirtek to finance its second factory in anticipation of a rebound
in demand. Danny assisted the team in evaluating a number of
potential acquisition targets. He beefed up the company’s finance
group by recruiting its CFO. Danny was heavily involved in the IPO,
recommending two of its Independent Directors. The company
embarked on a successful listing in 2011.
 
   

 Mercado General Hospital, Inc. 
 The Daniel O. Mercado Medical Center group was seeking to expand
its reach and services outside its home town when it was awarded
a long-term lease to operate an out-patient facility by a state owned
hospital. Danny Lizares spearheaded the Aureos Group’s investment
into DMMC, enabling it to operate the new out-patient facility.
Danny assisted the Sponsors in evaluating a number of acquisition
targets including the formation of a joint venture that led to another
out-patient facility in the Visayas region. Danny was instrumental in
generating interest from both financial and blue-chip investors
eventually leading to an exit to a local strategic group. More
importantly, the project remained true to its core values of offering
quality medical care at cost competitive rates.
 
   

 MÖlnlycke Health Care 
 In 2002, while at Apax Partners, Alasdair Thomson
identified an opportunity to acquire two medical divisions
from a listed UK corporate. The Apax team devised and
delivered a strategy to combine the two divisions with a
larger medical products company. The complex carve
outs, subsequent operational improvements and
synergistic merger of the three businesses created a
leading global medical products company.
 
   

 Zenith 
 In 2010, following two years of sector analysis, Alasdair
led Morgan Stanley Capital Partners' investment in Zenith,
a leading provider of vehicle leasing and management
services in the UK. Working closely with the management
shareholders, MSCP supported rapid expansion of the
company, investing in personnel and infrastructure and
helping to deliver innovative financing and service
solutions to customers.
 
   




Sector Expertise


Sector Expertise
Sierra Madre has expertise working with companies
in multiple sectors, including the following:
 






  
 Retail 
   

  
 Consumer Goods 
   

  
 Consumer Service 
   

  
 Business Services 
   

  
 Transportation & Logistics 
   

  
 Leisure 
   

  
 Education 
   

  
 Healthcare 
   




POTENTIAL PARTNER CRITERIA



Success comes from working closely together in pursuit of common objectives.
Typically, we look to invest in businesses that demonstrate these key qualities:




 


Opportunity
Opportunity to drive profit growth
at > 10% per annum
 
Capable of becoming leader in
their industry
 
Profitable and cash generative
Scalable

 
   

 


Investment
Opportunity to invest at least
USD 5 million over the
transformation period
 
Majority or significant minority
equity investment (>25%)
 
Typical investment horizon
of 3-6 years

 
   

 


Partnership
Looking for strategic
& operational input,
not just funding
 
Shared vision and
community of approach
 
Sponsors with willingness to
adopt best practices,
openness to bolt on strategies
and exit strategy

 
   







You may contact us through:
Sierra Madre Advisers, Inc.
1F First Lucky Place
2259 Pasong Tamo Extension
Makati City 1231 Philippines
Tel (63) 2 772-0340
 

Contact
Subject *



Name *



Email *



Message *










 What code is in the image? *
Submit
 











Please wait while the page is loading

 




Sierra Opportunity Fund (LEI 549300VQHWO7UD7O1M14)




legalentityidentifier.info

Search by LEI or Name: 


This web site is a product of the Real Semantics framework;  read the case study
   and the Data Droplets manifesto
   



Sierra Opportunity Fund








549300VQHWO7UD7O1M14


This record does not specify what sort of organization this entity is (ex. a corporation, limited partnership, fund, government)


This entity is registered in the US State of Delaware,
       which is widely held to be a
       Flag of Convenience. that provides
       less definite registration than other jurisdictions

     Registered by LOU: GMEI Utility


 ACTIVE
 /   ISSUED


Assigned
  November 05, 2016

Updated
  November 05, 2016

Expires
  November 03, 2017




        a  :Unspecified



Name(s):
Sierra Opportunity Fund



Headquarters:

6th Floor East

280 Park Avenue

New York
NY
10017

United States of America



Registered At:

C/O Corporation Service Company

2711 Centerville Road

Suite 400

Wilmington
DE
19808

United States of America







 Other LEI web sites: GLEIF Open LEIs ETLogic

 Behind the scenes: RDF record













   Keep up with the latest about legal entity identifiers:  enter your email address:
   








      LegalEntityIdentifier.info is a service of Ontology2;  this service
      is provided on an as-is basis.  By using this service,  you agree to hold Ontology2 harmless against any
      liability that could arise as a result of your use of this service.

      This service contains data from the Global Legal Entity Identifier Foundation's
      Concatenated File of 2017-07-27
      ,  EDGAR
      and :BaseKB.

 




Employment Opportunities | The Sierra Fund










































Menu
Skip to content
Home
About

Mission
Our Vision
Our Tools
Board and Staff

Timothy Seward, Board Chair
John Regan, Treasurer
Alison Harvey, Secretary
Patty Brissenden, Emeritus Chair
Adrienne Alvord, Board Member
Robert Meacher, Board Member
Elizabeth Martin
Carrie Monohan
Kerry Morse
Amber Taxiera
Karen Atkins


Working Group
Partners
Employment Opportunities
Privacy Policy
Legal Info


Programs

Ecosystem Resiliency
Environmentally Healthy Communities
Capacity Building and Funding
Sierra Investment Services


Conference
Services

Funds

Sarah Forslund Fund

Sarah Forslund Fund – Grants




Grantmaking
Loans
Fiscal Sponsorship
Environmental Assessment
Document Review
Public Relations
Tours
Advocacy


Focuses

Need for Sierra Investment
Legacy Mining Impacts
Human Health
Mercury in the Sierra


Publications

All Publications
Reclaiming the Sierra
Brochures & Educational Materials
Annual Reports
Organizational Documents


News
Ways to Give

Outright Giving

Real Estate
Securities
Securities Personal Property
Retained Life Estate
Life Insurance


Giving Assets
Estate Planning
Bequests
Donor Advised Funds
Gift Options Chart


Donate Now
e-News Sign Up
Contact Us










Search for:

















The Sierra Fund > About > Employment Opportunities		



Employment Opportunities


The Sierra Fund is always receptive to receiving resumes and other information for consultants who provide the following services to Sierra-based grassroots organizations:

Watershed Restoration
Watershed Planning
Water Quality Monitoring
Air Quality Monitoring
Engineering Services
Forestry Services and Timber Harvest Plan Review
CEQA and NEPA Services
Legal and Litigation Services
Collaboration and Negotiation
Organizational and Board Development
Marketing
Fundraising






MissionThe Sierra Fund's mission is to restore ecosystem and community resiliency
in the Sierra Nevada region.Latest NewsSave the Date: August 5 for Post It Day 2017Gov’s Budget Funds Sierra Remediation ProjectsWelcome George, Research AssistantReclaiming the Sierra 2017 Inspires ActionOne Week Away from Reclaiming the Sierra 2017, May 8 – 10More News »
Think we're doing great work?
Donate securely online.
 




Home
Donate Now
News
Admin
Contact Us
 

About

Mission
Our Vision
Board and Staff
Working Group
Partners
Employment Opportunities
Privacy Policy
Legal Info


Projects

Deer Creek Tribute Trail
ART OnSite
Malakoff Diggins
AML Property Acquisition Project
E3 Gold Initiative
Angler Survey
Get the Mercury Out Campaign
Conference
Combie Reservoir


Services

Funds
Sarah Forslund Fund
Grantmaking
Loans
Fiscal Sponsorship
Environmental Assessment
Document Review
Public Relations
Tours
Advocacy


Publications

All Publications
Reclaiming the Sierra
Brochures & Educational Materials
Annual Reports
Organizational Documents


Focuses

Need for Sierra Investment
Legacy Mining Impacts
Human Health
Mercury in the Sierra


Ways to Give

Outright Giving
Giving Assets
Bequests
Estate Planning
Life Income Gifts
Donor Advised Funds
Gift Options Chart


 
								© 2017 The Sierra Fund | 103 Providence Mine Road, Suite 101, Nevada City, CA 95959 | (530) 265-8454
			

Website by Winter Street Design Group | Login







 Sierra Leone: Four products certified for US export - Agoa.info - African Growth and Opportunity Act         Data Center   Bilaterals   Toolkit   Twitter           Sierra Leone: Four products certified for US export    Freetown, Sierra Leone  Friday, 01 February 2013  Published:  | Awoko (Sierra Leone)   Source: Awoko (Sierra Leone) The Africa Growth and Opportunities Act (AGOA) has certified four made in Sierra Leone products to be sold in the United States of America and Europe after meeting the required standards.According to the Chairperson of the Sierra Leone National Committee for the Africa Growth and Opportunities Act (AGOA) of the Sierra Leone Chamber of Commerce Industry and Agriculture Ms AyodeleWak Williams, the four products to be sold in the United States and Europe have been tested by the Sierra Leone Standards Bureau and other certifying agencies around the world.She said the products are Lemon Grass, Ginger, Tobacco and Bitter Root made by local industries and small and medium enterprises (SMEs) in the export sector adding that the products will be exported duty free in a bid to promote international trade and investment.The Executive Director of the American Chamber of Commerce in Sierra Leone established in 2011,Modupe Taylor-Pearce told Awoko that they have been very instrumental in assisting Sierra Leone-based and United States-based companies, firms and professionals to better understand the business environments and cultural traditions relevant to successfully doing business in both countries through a range of activities and services.The American Chamber of Commerce in Sierra Leone is dedicated to fostering closer economic, trade, cultural and intellectual ties between Sierra Leone and the United States. It alsoaims to build strong and lasting relationships between Sierra Leone based and United States based companies.       Related News        Sierra Leone News: Private sector yet to benefit from AGOA trade  Since the African Growth an Opportunity Act (AGOA) was launched by United States Government 17-years ago to promote industrialization, Sierra...  18 July, 2017         American Business Council launched in Sierra Leone  The American Business Council of Sierra Leone (ABC) has recently been officially launched as a forum for United States and Sierra Leonean companies...  12 June, 2017        Sierra Leone: Local producers trained on AGOA trade benefits  The Sierra Leone Investment and Export Promotion Agency (SLIEPA) in collaboration with the United States Agency for International Development...  25 January, 2017        West Africa: US and West African countries work towards trade deal  The United States is working with West African countries to reach a trade and investment agreement that supports efforts at economic growth and...  05 April, 2013        Sierra Leone's preferential market access to key markets for sugar & palm oil  Sierra Leone is a Least Developed Country in Africa and this has given us the opportunity to export varieties of goods to the United States under...  17 February, 2010  You are here: Home » News » Article » Sierra Leone: Four products certified for US export    ContactTerms and ConditionsDisclaimerSitemap © 2017 | All rights reserved Agoa.info - African Growth and Opportunity Act Site managed by raramuridesign   