






Business Directories by State
































Locations

            Top States:

                Florida
- (7,668,567 Businesses)
California
- (7,998,710 Businesses)
Texas
- (4,844,128 Businesses)
New York
- (4,451,438 Businesses)
Pennsylvania
- (1,273,348 Businesses)

Advertisements









States












                                                        Alabama
                                                    




                                                        424,733 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        529,179 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Alaska
                                                    




                                                        90,124 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        119,266 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Arizona
                                                    




                                                        757,577 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        800,057 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Arkansas
                                                    




                                                        263,265 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        325,844 People Found
                                                    










                                                        California
                                                    




                                                        7,998,710 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        7,373,821 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Colorado
                                                    




                                                        810,965 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        814,457 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Connecticut
                                                    




                                                        468,528 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        572,167 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Delaware
                                                    




                                                        132,203 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        114,760 People Found
                                                    










                                                        District Of Columbia
                                                    




                                                        101,098 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        225,569 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Florida
                                                    




                                                        7,668,567 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        10,379,297 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Georgia
                                                    




                                                        1,255,912 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,396,340 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Hawaii
                                                    




                                                        129,778 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        152,776 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Idaho
                                                    




                                                        172,946 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        201,511 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Illinois
                                                    




                                                        1,181,775 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,483,850 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Indiana
                                                    




                                                        578,336 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        719,895 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Iowa
                                                    




                                                        329,478 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        460,060 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Kansas
                                                    




                                                        282,167 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        348,203 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Kentucky
                                                    




                                                        405,363 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        504,609 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Louisiana
                                                    




                                                        633,706 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        615,567 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Maine
                                                    




                                                        130,772 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        174,828 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Maryland
                                                    




                                                        674,762 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        710,572 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Massachusetts
                                                    




                                                        726,390 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,027,523 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Michigan
                                                    




                                                        934,309 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,131,011 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Minnesota
                                                    




                                                        592,078 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        758,209 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Mississippi
                                                    




                                                        261,251 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        322,667 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Missouri
                                                    




                                                        597,997 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        706,322 People Found
                                                    














                                                        Montana
                                                    




                                                        130,347 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        158,428 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Nebraska
                                                    




                                                        191,594 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        279,673 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Nevada
                                                    




                                                        1,037,013 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,194,142 People Found
                                                    










                                                        New Hampshire
                                                    




                                                        154,616 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        193,717 People Found
                                                    










                                                        New Jersey
                                                    




                                                        974,361 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,091,903 People Found
                                                    










                                                        New Mexico
                                                    




                                                        178,355 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        231,696 People Found
                                                    










                                                        New York
                                                    




                                                        4,451,438 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        2,890,348 People Found
                                                    










                                                        North Carolina
                                                    




                                                        989,345 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,123,726 People Found
                                                    










                                                        North Dakota
                                                    




                                                        81,418 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        101,993 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Ohio
                                                    




                                                        1,062,591 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,335,493 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Oklahoma
                                                    




                                                        379,566 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        422,307 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Oregon
                                                    




                                                        510,731 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        621,776 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Pennsylvania
                                                    




                                                        1,273,348 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,546,221 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Puerto Rico
                                                    




                                                        55,527 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        60,845 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Rhode Island
                                                    




                                                        111,772 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        132,878 People Found
                                                    










                                                        South Carolina
                                                    




                                                        406,911 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        483,894 People Found
                                                    










                                                        South Dakota
                                                    




                                                        92,785 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        126,265 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Tennessee
                                                    




                                                        620,250 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        751,954 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Texas
                                                    




                                                        4,844,128 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        5,747,622 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Utah
                                                    




                                                        363,011 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        377,419 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Vermont
                                                    




                                                        81,906 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        106,956 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Virginia
                                                    




                                                        911,909 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,016,492 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Washington
                                                    




                                                        830,492 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        864,073 People Found
                                                    










                                                        West Virginia
                                                    




                                                        136,960 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        185,319 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Wisconsin
                                                    




                                                        486,944 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        707,971 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Wyoming
                                                    




                                                        77,247 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        90,781 People Found
                                                    













                Company Directory:
            
            Browse directory by company name:
            
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
(more)







People Directory: 

            Names starting with letters:

            
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
















You must be signed in to print.
Once signed in, look for the PDF button.















Sierra Income Corporation









































1
2
3
4
5
6






















1) Offering price subject to change. Reliance should only be made on the offering price as stated in the current prospectus, as amended and supplemented.
2) There can be no assurance that we will be able to sustain distributions at any particular level. Represents annualized disÂ­tributions. All distributions are subject to board approval. Sierra's previous distributions to stockholders were funded from expense support payments that are subject to repayment to its investment adviser, SIC Advisors LLC ("SIC Advisors"). The level of these distributions was not based on our investment performance and may not continue in the future. If SIC Advisors had not agreed to make expense support payments, these distributions would have come from paid in capital. The reimbursement of these payments owed to SIC Advisors will reduce the future distributions to which investors would otherwise be entitled. 
NOT AN OFFER TO SELL SECURITIES

The material in this Website does not constitute an offer to sell, nor a solicitation of an offer to buy the securities described herein. Such an offering is made only by means of a prospectus. The prospectus must be read in order to understand fully all the implications and risks of any offering of securities to which it relates.This sales and advertising literature is neither an offer to sell nor a solicitation of an offer to buy securities. An offering is made only by the prospectus. This literature must be read in conjunction with the prospectus in order to fully understand all of the implications and risks of the offering of securities to which the prospectus relates. A copy of the prospectus must be made available to you in connection with any offering. No offering is made except by a prospectus filed with the Department of Law of the State of New York or any other state. Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Attorney General of the State of New York nor any state securities regulator has approved or disapproved of these securities or determined if this prospectus is truthful or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense.
 

SC Distributors, LLC (member FINRA/SIPC) is the affiliated dealer manager for the Sierra Income Corporation offering. 











Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version












 



CDs | Bank of the Sierra




















Bank of the SierraSkip to Main Content
















Input Your Search TermsSearchclose






Log Into My Account

 Open Close 









BUSINESS

PERSONALBUSINESSONLINE









CDs
Businesses need to plan for the future, too, and an investment in a certificate of deposit (CD) might be just the way to go. Let us help you keep your money safe and watch it grow.



Sierra Prime Index CD
Earn competitive yields with flexible rates tied to the Wall Street Journal Prime Rate.


Learn MoreOpen




Certificates of Deposit
All of our CDs offer competitive rates. We’ll tell you what the differences are and help you choose the perfect one for your business.


Learn MoreOpen











HELPFUL INFORMATION
Contact UsLocationsCalculators










  



Footer Information


NEWS
SIERRA BANCORP REPORTS EARNINGS
Read More




Need Assistance?


Desiree
Customer Service Representative
15 Years Experience
Contact
 



Phone: 1-888-454-BANK
Routing Number #121137027

Careers
Contact Us
Sierra Bancorp
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
Credit Card Login
Full Site Online Banking














 


 SECGems:

Form ABS-15G 
	
		
		Sierra Deposit Company, LLC
		
	

	

   


	0001104659-16-130279 








































  







			Data feeds now available
			Excel / CSV / Java / Python /etc 
Database
Learn more









  




  


  
































 Sierra Deposit Company, LLC 

					ABS-15G
				

					  0001104659-16-130279 
				


				Asset-Backed Securitizer report : section 15 










 
							filing date 
						


June 30, 2016

 
							period ending 
						


June 30, 2016

 
							date of filing date change 
						


June 30, 2016




						accession number
					
 
						
						  0001104659-16-130279
						
					

						type
					
 
						
						  ABS-15G
						
					

						public document count
					
 
						
						  3
						
					

						depositor cik
					


 
								0001646474 
							


						abs rule
					
 
						
						  RULE-15GA2
						
					

						securitizer file number
					


 
								025-01988 
							


						registered entity
					
 
						
						  Y
						
					

						abs asset class
					
 
						
						  Other
						
					

						securitizer cik
					


 
								0001646474 
							


						issuing entity cik
					


 
								0001675190 
							


						issuing entity name
					
 
						
						  Sierra Timeshare 2016-2 Receivables Funding LLC
						
					

						depositor file number
					


 
								025-01988 
							


							items descs
						

								2.01 Financial: Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
							







Key documents and exhibits


Link:
Type
Id
filename




 
					
 	  					ABS-15G
 	  				
				


ABS-15G


1


 a16-14239_1abs15g.htm





 
					
 	  					EX-99.1
 	  				
				


EX-99.1


2


 a16-14239_1ex99d1.htm





 
					
 	  					GRAPHIC
 	  				
				


GRAPHIC


3


 g142391mmi001.jpg







 









Type
Filing
Company
SIC
Rel
IRS #
State of INC
FY End
Mailing address
Former
Filing Vals


filer







Sierra Deposit Company, LLC
 Cik: 0001646474
		  
		
			


	
		

	 
	
	 10750 WEST CHARLESTON BLVD., SUITE 130
	 
	  MAILSTOP 2082
	
	   LAS VEGAS, 
	   NV, 
	   89135
	
	  
		
		

			
			 
		
		
		
		 USA
		
	
	    
	    

		
		

 


161615687






	 
	
	 10750 WEST CHARLESTON BLVD., SUITE 130
	 
	  MAILSTOP 2082
	
	   LAS VEGAS, 
	   NV, 
	   89135
	
	  
		
		

			
			 
		
		
		
		 USA
		
	
	    
	    

			
		
	




form typeABS-15G
actDF
file number025-01988
film number161741933






















































 



FAQs | Bank of the Sierra




















Bank of the SierraSkip to Main Content
















Input Your Search TermsSearchclose






Log Into My Account

 Open Close 









Support








FAQs
Small Business Lending 
Will Bank of the Sierra require collateral for my loan, if approved?No. All loans approved through the Small Business Lending program will be unsecured.
Can I apply to renew my existing Sierra Business Lines of Credit through this program?Please consult with your Commercial Loan Officer.
How long does the process take?
Application Completion: (including uploading required documentation): Approximately 10-15 minutes
Review & Decisioning: Within 1 business day of receipt of complete application
Documentation: Within 1 business day of receipt of items required to document loan (i.e., entity documents)
Boarding: Within 1 business day of receipt of items required to board loan (i.e., signed loan documents & fees)

Whom do I contact with questions?Questions from applicants and/or Bank customers can be addressed by Customer Service at 1-888-454-BANK.
What are the next steps when my loan is approved?You will be notified by phone and in writing of the approval. If any additional information is needed to move forward with drawing loan documents, a list of items will be provided. If the items needed to draw loan documents are not provided within 5 business days, a Notice of Incomplete Application letter will be mailed, allowing 30 days for the applicant to provide the information. If the information is not provided within the specified timeframe, the request will be considered withdrawn.
Borrowers will be required to go into a Bank of the Sierra location to sign loan documents with a Commercial Loan Officer.
How will I be notified of a declined loan application?You will receive a phone call explaining the reasons for the decline. Bank of the Sierra will also follow up with a letter in the mail.
What information do I need to submit for a Small Business Loan?Complete applications will include a minimum of the following items:
Business:

Business name; address; phone number; and taxpayer identification number
Business type
Business industry
Loan amount
Loan purpose
Number of years in business
Gross revenue of business; net profit/loss
Business assets; liabilities; net worth
Monthly payments on existing business loans
Required financial information (see below)

Business principal(s)/guarantor(s):

Name(s); address(es); phone number(s); e-mail address(es) and Social Security number(s) of all business owners; regardless of ownership percentage
Required financial information (see below)

Financial Information Requirements:
Loan requests up to and including $25,000 will be decisioned based on the information stated on the loan application, and will not require financial information to be submitted.
For loan requests in excess of $25,000, the financial information specified below will be required by the Bank to verify “stated” information on the application to calculate debt service coverage ratios.

Most recent tax return for business entity
Current personal financial statement for business principal(s)/guarantor(s)
Most recent tax return for business principal(s)/guarantor(s)
Business debt schedule (this is part of the credit application)

Additional Requirements:

Business principals will be required to personally guaranty (for corporations, LLPs, LLCs); regardless of ownership percentage.
Opening a Bank of the Sierra Business Checking Account will be required for Sierra Reserve Lines and Sierra Business Lines to credit loan funds. Vesting of the DDA account must match the borrower’s legal name. Applicants will be required to open the business checking account in person at a BOTS branch location.
Appropriate entity documentation

Is a Small Business Loan right for me?The Small Business Lending program is intended for any business seeking a basic unsecured (no collateral) loan of anywhere between $1,000 to $100,000. Business entities should be in existence and operating for no less than 3 years and should be located in the Bank of the Sierra geographic footprint. If they are not located in the footprint, they must be located in the State of California and be willing to travel to a Bank of the Sierra branch location to sign the required loan documents.
Which business types are eligible for a small business loan?Applicants shall be one of the following:

Sole proprietors
Corporations
General partnerships
Limited partnerships
Limited liability companies
Limited liability partnerships

The program does not accommodate trusts or non-profit organizations; consequently, these entity types are not eligible for the program.
What can I use a Small Business Loan For?Small Business Loans will be extended to business entities for legitimate business use (i.e., short- and long-term working capital, vehicle & equipment purchases, business overdraft protection, etc.). Unacceptable loan types include:

Loans for speculative purposes.
Loans to foreign countries, businesses or governments.
Loans to businesses or individuals who have a history of delinquent payments or bankruptcies.

How do I qualify for a Small Business Loan?Basic criteria and requirements to qualify for a Small Business Loan from Bank of the Sierra will appear at the top of the application. Items include, but may not be limited to: length of time in business, financial requirements, authorization to pull credit, and the signing of all loan documents in person at a Bank of the Sierra branch location.
Do I need to be located in the State of California to apply for a loan through this program?Yes. Your business must be located in the State of California. Business principals must go to a Bank of the Sierra bank location in order to sign loan documents.
What products are offered through Bank of the Sierra’s Express Small Business Loan program?Three products are offered through the Bank’s Express Small Business Loan program.

Sierra Business Reserve Line Sierra Reserve Lines are unsecured overdraft protection lines of credit. A Sierra Business Reserve Line is attached to only one Business Checking Account, which is vested in the same name as the borrower. Product rates and terms can be found at www.bankofthesierra.com.
Sierra Business Line of Credit Sierra Business Lines of Credit typically provide working capital in order to support the trading cycle of the company (accounts receivable, inventory, and accounts payable). Product rates and terms can be found at www.bankofthesierra.com.
Sierra Business Term Loans Term loans may be appropriate for business borrowers when there is a need for permanent working capital, typically to finance a permanent increase in accounts receivable and/or inventory. Term loans may also be used for equipment or vehicles purchased for business purposes. Product rates and terms can be found at www.bankofthesierra.com.

Will you check my Credit Report?Yes. Bank of the Sierra will check the credit report for the business and will check personal credit reports for all business principals.
What if I don’t have all of the items needed to be submitted?It is best to gather all required items prior to submitting your application in order to complete the process quickly and efficiently. However, if you are unable to gather all items before application, upon review of the application a Loan Officer will contact you for the missing items.
Bank of the Sierra will follow up by mailing a letter listing the items needed, and a date by which the items need to be provided. If the items are not provided by the letter’s expiration date, the application will be considered withdrawn.
Can I sign documents electronically?At this time, documents for Small Business Loans must be signed in person with a Commercial Loan Officer at a Bank of the Sierra branch location.
What entity documentation is required to be provided?Sole Proprietorship:

Fictitious name statement

Limited Liability Company (LLC):

Filed articles of organization (LLC-1)
Operating agreement
LLC-12
Any amendments

Partnership/Limited Liability Partnership:

If General Partnership (GP): filed statement of partnership authority (GP-1)
If Limited Partnership (LP): filed certificate of limited partnership (LP-1)
If Limited Liability Partnership (LLP): filed application to register an LLP (LLP-1)
Partnership agreement
Any amendments

Corporation:

Filed articles of incorporation
Any amendments

How do I submit an application?All Small Business Loan applications and supporting documentation will be submitted electronically through a secured website, which can be accessed through Bank of the Sierra’s website.
If I have existing loans with Bank of the Sierra, am I eligible to apply online?Yes. Loans will be considered in an amount up to $100,000, even if you have existing loans with Bank of the Sierra.
Is my loan application request decisioned by a computer?All applications are reviewed and decisioned by an employee of Bank of the Sierra.
Opening Checking Accounts 
Can this be used as a business account?No. Sierra Reward Checking accounts are offered exclusively for California residents and must be opened online. This account is to be used for personal, family, or household purposes and is limited to two accounts per household.
Can I open multiple Sierra Reward Checking accounts?Sierra Reward Checking accounts are limited to a maximum of two per household.
Is overdraft protection available for Sierra Reward Checking accounts?Yes, you can link your savings account or apply for a Sierra Reserve Line of Credit. (This is not a commitment to lend.)
Can I open a Sierra Reward Checking account over the phone or in a branch?No, you must apply online for this account.
Can a DBA use this account?No. Sierra Reward Checking accounts are offered exclusively for California residents and must be opened online. This account is to be used for personal, family, or household purposes and is limited to two accounts per household.
What happens when I apply online?Upon your completion of the online application process. you will be prompted to enter your email address and select a password to use for tracking your Online Account.You will receive a confirmation email once your application has been submitted successfully. Once the account(s) have been approved, you will receive an email that will instruct you to log into your 'Online Account Center' (which you had created during the application process). In your 'Unread' messages will be further instructions regarding the completion of your Account Opening including your Account Documents and Disclosures.
Opening Savings Accounts 
Can I open multiple Sierra Reward Savings accounts?Sierra Reward Savings accounts are limited to a maximum of two per household but must have a separate Sierra Reward Checking account.
Can I open a Sierra Reward Savings account over the phone or in a branch?No, you must apply online for this account.
What happens when I apply online?Upon your completion of the online application process. you will be prompted to enter your email address and select a password to use for tracking your Online Account. You will receive a confirmation email once your application has been submitted successfully. Once the account(s) have been approved, you will receive an email that will instruct you to log into your 'Online Account Center' (which you had created during the application process). In your 'Unread' messages will be further instructions regarding the completion of your Account Opening including your Account Documents and Disclosures.
Can this be used as a business account?No. Sierra Reward Savings accounts are offered exclusively for California residents and must be opened online. This account is to be used for personal, family, or household purposes and is limited to two accounts per household but each Sierra Reward Savings must have a separate Sierra Reward Checking account.
Sierra Debit Card Transactions 
If I use my Sierra Debit Card at an ATM, will that transaction count towards my qualifications?No. Only POS (Point-of-Sale) transactions count and they must be posted to the account.
May I "carry forward" Sierra Debit Card purchases in excess of the required number to the next qualification period?No, during each qualification period you must meet all four qualifications.
Sierra Reward Checking FAQs 
What are the monthly cycle qualifications to receive the rewards on this account?Minimum 12 Sierra Debit Card purchases per qualification period (Purchases must be posted and cleared to this account-- excludes ATM transactions).
Minimum one direct deposit or ACH automatic payment from this account per qualification period (must be posted and cleared). Intra-bank transfers do not count as qualifying Direct Deposit or Automatic Payment.
Make at least one online payment using Sierra BillPay per qualification period (must be posted and cleared to this account).
Enroll & receive electronic statements through Sierra eStatements.
Your qualifying transactions must be posted during the qualification period. Transactions may take one or more business days to post and clear to an account from the date the transaction is made.
Do I have to do anything in order to get my ATM fee refund?No, other than meeting the qualifications; ATM refunds are automatically paid on the last day of your statement cycle.
What if my new Sierra Debit Card doesn't arrive until late in the qualification period and I don't have time to earn my first month's rewards?Bank of the Sierra waives the qualifications during the first qualification period on your account. You will receive your rewards for the first statement cycle that you have the account even if you don't meet the qualifications.
NOTE: The first rewards may not be a full qualification period; they will be based on the date your account opened.
If my account balance goes negative, will I still be able to qualify for my rewards during that qualification period?Yes, as long as the qualifications are met.
If I use another bank's ATM and pay a fee, when will I get my refund?When the qualifications are met, up to $25 of nationwide ATM fees will be refunded on the last day of the statement cycle. We make our best effort to identify those ATM fees eligible for reimbursement, based on information received from card networks and ATM operators. In the event that you did not receive a reimbursement for a fee that you believe is eligible, please call a Customer Service Representative for assistance.
What if I close my account?If you close your account before interest is credited, you will forfeit the interest.
Is this just a "teaser" rate?No, this is a high Annual Percentage Yield account. However, Sierra Reward Checking is a variable rate account and the rates may fluctuate from time to time at Bank of the Sierra's discretion.
What happens if I do not meet the qualifications for Sierra Reward Checking rewards?Your checking is still free and you can start over with the next qualification period to earn the rewards. Interest will be paid at the base rate of 0.05% on APY on your balance.
Can the APY change on my Sierra Reward Checking account?Yes, all rates on Sierra Reward Checking may change at Bank of the Sierra's discretion.
Are there any monthly service fees?No. There are no monthly service fees on Sierra Reward Checking accounts.
How often must the qualifications be met to qualify for Sierra Reward Checking rewards?Each monthly qualification period.
If I fail to meet the qualifications during this qualification period, can I still have a chance to qualify during the next qualification period?Yes, of course!
Is Sierra Reward Checking insured?Yes, your Sierra Reward Checking account is insured by FDIC.
Are fees refunded on ATMs used internationally?No, nationwide only.
How will I know that I have qualified for my rewards at the end of the qualification period?You can log into online banking to review your account activity and confirm that you have met the minimum account qualifications at anytime.
You will receive an email stating whether or not you met the qualifications each statement cycle.
How does the tiered interest rate for Sierra Reward Checking work?If you meet the qualifications, you will receive 0.89% APY on daily balances less than $25,001 and 0.25% APY on daily balances greater than or equal to $25,001.
If you do not qualify, you will earn the base rate of 0.05% APY on your entire balance.
What are the rewards of Sierra Reward Checking?0.89% APY (Annual Percentage Yield) on daily balances less than $25,001.
0.25% APY on daily balances greater than or equal to $25,001.
0.05% APY base rate on non-qualifying balances (if you do not meet all the qualifications).
Nationwide ATM fees up to $25 are automatically refunded at the end of your statement cycle.
APY is accurate as of August 28, 2015.
How do I access my money?Shortly after opening a Reward Checking account, Bank of the Sierra sends you a free Sierra Debit Card.
If you'd still like to use paper checks, just contact Bank of the Sierra to order.
Reward Checking also has free Online Banking and Bill Pay so you can access your account and pay your bills from anywhere you have an Internet connection. While online, you can view account activity, transfer funds between accounts and confirm deposit amounts.
You may also set up an Interbank Transfer within your Online Banking by clicking on the 'Interbank Transfers' tab. Upon enrollment of an external account,our system automatically generates one or two small credit transactions to the enrolled external account. You will complete the verification process by retrieving amount of transaction(s) and entering the amounts into Sierra Online Banking. Once the account has been verified, you are then able to process Interbank transfers.
ATMs nationwide.
Will Sierra Reward Checking customers receive a 1099 INT at the end of the year reflecting interest earned?Yes
If I meet the qualifications, when will I receive my rewards?Interest is paid monthly and posted on the last day of the statement cycle.
How do I check my Sierra Reward Checking account balance?Bank of the Sierra offers free Online Banking with 24-hour access to your account information.
Sierra TeleBanking offers 24-hour account information at 888.307.3772
ATMs nationwide.
If I miss my qualifications by only one Sierra Debit Card transaction, can I call in and get my interest anyway?No. However there are no service charges and you will still earn base rate of 0.05% APY.
Sierra Reward Savings FAQs 
How will I know how much interest I have been paid each month in my Sierra Reward Savings account?You can review your periodic statement, log into your online banking for a history of interest paid; and we will provide you with appropriate tax documents at the end of the year stating annual interest paid.
Do I get checks for my Reward Savings account?No, Sierra Reward Savings cannot be accessed by check.
Are there qualifications for Sierra Reward Savings AND Sierra Reward Checking?No. To receive the benefits on BOTH accounts you just meet the qualifications during each qualification period on your associated Sierra Reward Checking account.
Can I have multiple checking accounts that fuel my Sierra Reward Savings?No. You can only link one Sierra Reward Savings account per Sierra Reward Checking account.
Can I open a Sierra Reward Savings account without opening a Sierra Reward Checking account?No. You need a Sierra Reward Checking account to have a Sierra Reward Savings account because they work together. The high interest paid for the statement cycle on your Sierra Reward Checking account will be automatically transferred to your Sierra Reward Savings account the following business day after each statement cycle to help you save more and save often.
Is Sierra Reward Savings insured?Yes, your Sierra Reward Savings account is insured by FDIC.
Do I get a Sierra Debit Card for my Sierra Reward Savings account?You get a Sierra Debit Card for your Sierra Reward Checking account that you use to meet the qualification for your associated Sierra Reward Checking account. You can also use this card to access the money in your Sierra Reward Savings account at ATMs nationwide.
What if I close my account?If you close your account before interest is credited, you will forfeit the interest.
What are the rewards of Sierra Reward Savings?0.59% APY (Annual Percentage Yield) on daily balances less than $25,001.
0.25% APY on daily balances greater than or equal to $25,001.
0.05% APY base rate on non-qualifying balances (if you do not meet all of the qualifications on your associated Reward Checking Account).
APY is accurate as of August 28, 2015.
How is the interest calculated?Daily Collected Balance Method. This method applies a daily periodic rate to the principal in the account each day. Interest on noncash deposits begins to accrue no later than the business day we receive credit for the deposit of the noncash items (for example, checks). Fees may reduce earnings.
Do I earn interest on both the Sierra Reward Checking account and Sierra Reward Savings account?Yes! And the interest paid on your Sierra Reward Checking account is automatically transferred in to your Sierra Reward Savings account each month. Plus, even if you don't meet the monthly Sierra Reward Checking qualifications one month you still get a base interest rate on both accounts.
What happens if I don't meet the Sierra Reward Checking account qualifications one month?You still earn the base interest rate on both accounts and you can start over with the next qualification period to earn the rewards.
Can I have one Sierra Reward Checking account that links to multiple Sierra Reward Savings accounts?No. Sierra Reward Checking can only link to one Sierra Reward Savings account.
How do I access my money in my Sierra Reward Savings account?Your Sierra Debit Card linked to your Sierra Reward Checking will also be linked to your Sierra Reward Savings account. You will be able to access your money at ATMs nationwide.
Reward Savings also has free Online Banking and Bill Pay so you can access your account and pay your bills from anywhere you have an Internet connection. While online, you can view account activity, transfer funds between accounts and confirm deposit amounts. Transaction limitations will apply:
Bank of the Sierra Savings Accounts are limited to nine (9) savings withdrawals per quarter with no charge, beginning with the tenth (10th) savings withdrawal a charge of $2.00 will be assessed on each savings withdrawal thereafter. Charges will be assessed quarterly.
Transaction Limitations: You may make six (6) transfers from your account each four week or similar period, if by preauthorized or automatic transfer, or by telephone (including data transmissions) agreement, order or instruction, or by check, draft, debit card or similar order (including Point of Sale [POS] transactions, made by the depositor and payable to third parties. Transfers and withdrawals made in person, by messenger, by mail or at an ATM are unlimited.
How do I check my Sierra Reward Savings account balance?Bank of the Sierra offers free Online Banking with 24-hour access to your account information.
Sierra TeleBanking offers 24-hour account information at 888.307.3772
ATMs nationwide.
Sierra eStatements 
Do I receive images or checks back with my Sierra Reward Checking account?You will receive check images with your electronic statement.
What if I need a printed copy of my statement and/or check image?You can print a check or statement from your computer. Additionally, Bank of the Sierra keeps records of all statements and checks as required by state and federal laws.  We can provide you with copies for a fee.
What if I change my e-mail address?You must notify the bank when your e-mail address changes so that we can deliver your notification of your statement availability.
Must I access my electronic statement online in order to qualify for the rewards?No, you must accept electronic delivery with a valid e-mail address. We strongly recommend that you review your statement to properly reconcile your check register, and report any errors or omissions within a timely manner.
What if I don't want my statement delivered electronically?Electronic statement delivery is a qualification for all Sierra Reward Checking accounts. Delivery of paper statements is not an option, if you want to meet the qualifications and earn the higher rate.
Statement Cycle 
What is the statement cycle for Sierra Reward Checking?The statement cycle ends on the first Thursday of each month.
What is the qualification period?The qualification period begins on the first Thursday of each month, ending on the business day prior to the first Thursday of the following month.
Account Limits 
Is there a minimum balance requirement in order to receive my rewards?No.
Is there a limit on the amount of ATM refunds that I can receive during a statement cycle?Yes, $25.00 for nationwide ATM Fees.
Is there a limit on the amount of money I can keep in my Sierra Reward Checking account?There is no limit to the amount you put into your account. Feel free to consolidate savings, CDs, and accounts at other institutions into this account.







HELPFUL INFORMATION
Contact UsLocations










  



Footer Information


NEWS
SIERRA BANCORP REPORTS EARNINGS
Read More




Need Assistance?


Nancy
Customer Service Representative
24 Years Experience
Contact
 



Phone: 1-888-454-BANK
Routing Number #121137027

Careers
Contact Us
Sierra Bancorp
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
Credit Card Login
Full Site Online Banking














 


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











SIERRA LOGGING COMPANY, LLC Credit report, products, contacts













 Florida






Search









    SIERRA LOGGING COMPANY, LLC











Company number L09000066335
        

Status Inactive
        

FEI number 270538379
        

Company Type Florida Limited Liability
        

Home State FL
        

Last activity date 9/23/2011
        

Date Of Incorporation 7/9/2009
        

Principal Address
            295 NW COMMONS LOOP, STE 220, LAKE CITY, FL, 32055
            


Mailing Address 295 NW COMMONS LOOP, STE 220, LAKE CITY, FL, 32055
        
SIERRA LOGGING COMPANY, LLC Principals

Manager
                Southeast Tl G Llc
                 


Address
                6625 HWY 53 EAST #410-185, DAWSONVILLE, GA, 30534
                 







Last Annual Reports

2010 4/27/2010
            

2010 4/27/2010
            
Registered Agent

Agent Name CT CORPORATION SYSTEM (c)
        

Agent Address
                1200 SOUTH PINE ISLAND ROAD, PLANTATION, FL, 33324
                

SIERRA LOGGING COMPANY, LLC Events

1 ADMIN DISSOLUTION   FOR ANNUAL REPORT
            

filedDate 9/23/2011
            

Description
SIERRA LOGGING COMPANY, LLC has been set up 7/9/2009 in state FL.  
The current status of the business is Inactive. The SIERRA LOGGING COMPANY, LLC principal adress is 295 NW COMMONS LOOP, STE 220, LAKE CITY, FL, 32055. 
Meanwhile you can send your letters to 295 NW COMMONS LOOP, STE 220, LAKE CITY, FL, 32055. 
The company`s registered agent is CT CORPORATION SYSTEM 1200 SOUTH PINE ISLAND ROAD, PLANTATION, FL, 33324.  
The company`s management are Manager - Southeast Tl G Llc. The last significant event in the company history is ADMIN DISSOLUTION   FOR ANNUAL REPORT which is dated by 9/23/2011. This decision is take in action on unknown.  The company annual reports filed on Annual reports – 4/27/2010.






Comprehensive Report about this company
        





(view sample)








Similar Companies
SIERRA LOGISTICS INC
SIERRA LOGISTICS LLC
SIERRA LOTUS DESIGN
SIERRA LOUNGE LLC
SIERRALTA & ASOCIADOS LLC
SIERRALTA & ASSOCIATES, INC.











 




Sierra LED Lights | Revolutionary Dual AmberWhite™ LED
























































 
 
 












On Land
On & Off The Road



In Water
For Boats Of All Types



At Work
See What You Do








Featured Sierra LED Products
With so many options in off road and marine LED, you may find it difficult to choose.  Below you will find several featured products selected by our customers and Team Sierra Solid.  If you are having a difficult time picking the right product for your application, don’t hesitate to contact us!





LED Light Bars
TS2 Slim Performance LED Light Bar Kits


 

The TS2 Slim Performance LED line brings the latest LED technology, coupled with lighting science, to off road lighting. The 1.75″ More Info




Granite Rock Lights
Granite Rock Lights: RGB


 

Our Granite Rock Lights are available in ready to install kits with 4 pod, 6 pod and 8 pod options that More Info




Granite Rock Lights
Granite Rock Lights: White


 

Our Granite Rock Lights are available in ready to install kits with single light, 4 pod, 6 pod and 8 pod More Info




Granite Rock Lights
Granite Rock Lights: Blue


 

Our Granite Rock Lights are available in ready to install kits with single light, 4, 6 and 8 pod options that More Info




Granite Rock Lights
Granite Rock Lights: Red


 

Our Granite Rock Lights are available in ready to install kits with single light, 4, 6 and 8 pod options that More Info




Granite Rock Lights
Granite Rock Lights: Green


 

Our Granite Rock Lights are available in ready to install kits with single light, 4, 6 and 8 pod options that More Info




Granite Rock Lights
Granite Rock Lights: Amber


 

Our Granite Rock Lights are available in ready to install kits with single light, 4, 6 and 8 pod options that More Info




LED Light Bars
Dual AmberWhite 50″ LED Light Bar – MARINE 324 Watt STRAIGHT Design Kit


 

The MARINE 324 Watt Dual AmberWhite STRAIGHT LED Light Bar brings lighting innovation to the boating and watercraft industry! Sierra LED’s More Info




LED Light Bars
Dual AmberWhite 50″ LED Light Bar – 324 Watt STRAIGHT Design Kit


 

The Dual AmberWhite 324 Watt STRAIGHT Light Bar brings LED innovation to the off road lighting market. Traditional automotive LED light More Info




LED Light Bars
AquaCube – MARINE 18 Watt SPOT Design – Dual Light Kit


 

The AquaCube flush mount series 18 Watt SPOT light, two light kit is designed as a perfect replacement for your factory More Info







Meet Our Team Sierra SOLID
At Sierra LED, we don’t just sponsor teams and professionals, we partner with them.  No one knows the needs on the track or the trail better and we base our product designs and design roadmap on their input. 
Visit Our Team Page










Sierra Pathways
The Sierras are rich with places to explore on land and or on the water. From rock crawling the Rubicon Trail to the off-roading in the Nevada desert to the boating the beautiful blue waters of Lake Tahoe, adventure and natural beauty abounds in the Sierras!














































