 

Thomas Siering's involvement in venture capital (via Silver Bay Realty Trust Corp, Silver Bay Operating Partnership Lp)































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/people/127837-siering-thomassection=people&subsection=detail&id=127837




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


ThomasSieringGet alertedif Thomas Siering gets funded!Thomas SieringSilver Bay Realty Trust Corp - DirectorSilver Bay Operating Partnership Lp - DirectorDeals involving Thomas Siering$442,476,377 raised with Silver Bay Realty Trust Corp on January, 2013$245,000,000 raised with Silver Bay Realty Trust Corp on December, 2012$507,992 raised with Silver Bay Operating Partnership Lp on January, 2013Please note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Some of the profile information was collected using the Crunchbase API. For more details on the profile, please check Thomas Siering on Crunchbase.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment!


Thomas E Siering - Brainerd, MN | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Thomas E Siering in Brainerd, MN


Thomas E Siering

                                                                           Intelius found that Thomas E Siering  is  a male between 50 and 60 years old from Brainerd, MN.  We have connected them to
                8 addresses,
                6 phones,
                and 3 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Tom Edwin Siering


Get Report Now

Age

Thomas E Siering is in his 50s

Thomas Has Lived In

Brainerd, MN
Memphis, TN
Eden Prairie, MN

Thomas's Relatives

Patrick Siering
Dan Siering
Jill Siering







Thomas E Siering



Zodiac SignVirgo



GenderMale



Professional Status
President at Eden Prairie Baseball Association



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Thomas? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Thomas, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Thomas E Siering
Get a Criminal Check on Thomas E Siering
Get a Public Record Report on Thomas E Siering
Get a People Search Report on Thomas E Siering


Thomas E Siering's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Thomas E Siering has lived as well as Thomas E Siering's phone numbers and email addresses.




Thomas E Siering Has Lived in 5 States
Minnesota Address for Thomas E Siering


1798 S***** B**** L* 

Brainerd, MN


Has Lived In

Brainerd, MN
Memphis, TN


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Thomas E Siering

(218) ***-**** - Brainerd, MN 
() ***-**** - Eden Prairie, MN 
() ***-**** - Naples, FL 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Thomas E Siering

s**r@***.com
j*******8@***.com


Get Email Report




Thomas E Siering's Professional Information
Information regarding Thomas E Siering's professional history.  Find out previous places Thomas E Siering has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Thomas E Siering Has Worked at 3 Places
Company: Eden Prairie Baseball Association
               Title: President
Company: Eden Prairie Baseball Association
               Title: Board Member
Thomas E Siering's Experience
Title: President
               Company: Eden Prairie Baseball Association
Job Details
               The Eden Prairie Baseball Association ("EPBA") is dedicated to encouraging its players to fulfill their own baseball dreams. In co-operation with the City of Eden Prairie and its Park & Recreation Department, the EPBA currently has over 1700 players, ages 4-18, playing on the City's fields. The Association has two divisions; community league and travel league. The community leagues are designed to be instructional and recreational while the travel program is groomed for the player that wants a more intense experience. The EPBA is equally proud and supportive of both programs. The Eden Prairie Baseball Association owes its success to its army of volunteers, including its 15 directors, 12 associate directors, 13 commissioners and over 500 head and assistant coaches. Directors and Associates are elected at our October board meeting and all interested parties are encouraged to participate. Board meetings are generally the second Sunday of the month at 7.30 pm at the Eden Prairie Community Center and are open to the public. In addition to its summer program, the EPBA offers: a Winter clinic on Sundays from January to April at the EP Dome; a four week baseball clinic during the summer for grades 3rd through 8th; a five week fall baseball program. The Association remains committed to our program of improving the fields on which we play. To date, the EPBA, in financial partnership with the City, has completed significant facility upgrades to over a dozen of our fields. We consider this program part of our ongoing mission. This web site has been designed to provide its users more information about our association, its programs and our kids. We hope you find it useful. If you have comments about the EPBA or this web site, please email us by using the contact function on the main page. We hope to see you at the diamond.
Title: Board Member
               Company: Eden Prairie Baseball Association
Job Details
               The Eden Prairie Baseball Association ("EPBA") is dedicated to encouraging its players to fulfill their own baseball dreams. In co-operation with the City of Eden Prairie and its Park & Recreation Department, the EPBA currently has over 1700 players, ages 4-18, playing on the City's fields. The Association has two divisions; community league and travel league. The community leagues are designed to be instructional and recreational while the travel program is groomed for the player that wants a more intense experience. The EPBA is equally proud and supportive of both programs. The Eden Prairie Baseball Association owes its success to its army of volunteers, including its 15 directors, 12 associate directors, 13 commissioners and over 500 head and assistant coaches. Directors and Associates are elected at our October board meeting and all interested parties are encouraged to participate. Board meetings are generally the second Sunday of the month at 7.30 pm at the Eden Prairie Community Center and are open to the public. In addition to its summer program, the EPBA offers: a Winter clinic on Sundays from January to April at the EP Dome; a four week baseball clinic during the summer for grades 3rd through 8th; a five week fall baseball program. The Association remains committed to our program of improving the fields on which we play. To date, the EPBA, in financial partnership with the City, has completed significant facility upgrades to over a dozen of our fields. We consider this program part of our ongoing mission. This web site has been designed to provide its users more information about our association, its programs and our kids. We hope you find it useful. If you have comments about the EPBA or this web site, please email us by using the contact function on the main page. We hope to see you at the diamond. 
Additional Professional Information on Thomas E Siering

 See Thomas E Siering's LinkedIn Profile



Thomas E Siering's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Thomas E Siering


Thomas E Siering's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Thomas E Siering's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Thomas Siering
Username Matches

                  ThomasSiering
                  SieringThomas
                  Thomas.Siering
                  Siering.Thomas
                  Thomas_Siering
                  Siering_Thomas
                  Thomas-Siering
                  Siering-Thomas
                  TSiering
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
T Siering







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.













Siering  Thomas - CEO, founder, businessman - profile

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











Siering  Thomas
Check out list of companies and businesses related to Siering  Thomas. Find out Siering  Thomas address and contact details. View other people related to Siering  Thomas - coworkers, colleagues, companions, etc.
Address:   

Silver Bay Realty Trust Corp. 601 Carlson Parkway, Suite 250 Minnetonka 55305 MN




Companies related to Siering  Thomas
CIKCompany NamePositionCompany Address0001557255Silver Bay Realty Trust Corp.1067 YONGE STREET  TORONTO M4W 2L20001565438Silver Bay Operating Partnership L.P.601 CARLSON PARKWAY SUITE 250 MINNETONKA 55305




Siering  Thomas on the Web
Persons related to Siering  Thomas - Silver Bay Realty Trust Corp.NamePositionCityAdvisers LLC  PRCM Real EstateMinnetonkaCHRISTINE  BATTISTChief Financial Officer MINNETONKACHRISTINE  BATTISTChief Financial Officer MINNETONKACHRISTINE  BATTISTChief Financial Officer PLYMOUTHTaylor  BrianMinnetonkaTHOMAS W  BROCKChief Executive Officer HARRISONTHOMAS W  BROCKDirector MINNETONKATHOMAS W  BROCKDirector DENVERTHOMAS W  BROCKDirector MINNETONKADaniel J  BuechlerSecretary PLYMOUTHDARYL J  CARTERDirector DARYL J  CARTERDirector MINNETONKABattist  ChristineMinnetonkaMiller  DavidMinnetonkaDeephaven, Inc.PLYMOUTHTANUJA  DEHNEDirector MINNETONKAJulie  EllisChief Accounting Officer PLYMOUTHIRWIN G  FREYDBERG JRChief Operating Officer MINNETONKAKessler  IrvinMinnetonkaWILLIAM W  JOHNSONDirector MINNETONKAWILLIAM W  JOHNSONDirector MINNETONKAWILLIAM W  JOHNSONDirector MINNETONKASTEPHEN G  KASNETDirector BOSTONSTEPHEN G  KASNETDirector MANCHESTERSTEPHEN G  KASNETDirector MANCHASTERSTEPHEN G  KASNETDirector MINNETONKAIRVIN R  KESSLERDirector MINNETONKAIRVIN R  KESSLERDirector MINNETONKAIRVIN R  KESSLERDirector PLYMOUTHDAVID N  MILLERPresident and CEO MINNETONKADAVID N  MILLERChief Executive Officer MINNETONKADAVID N  MILLERChief Executive Officer MINNETONKADAVID N  MILLERChief Executive Officer PLYMOUTHTIMOTHY W J  OBRIENGeneral Counsel, Secretary MINNETONKATIMOTHY W J  OBRIENGeneral Counsel, Secretary MINNETONKATIMOTHY W J  OBRIENSecretary MINNETONKAFreydberg  PatrickMinnetonkaPine River Capital Management LLCMINNETONKAPine River Domestic Management L.P.MINNETONKAPRCM Real Estate Advisers LLC10% Owner MINNETONKAProvident Real Estate Advisors LLCMINNETONKAWeisner  RonaldMinnetonkaWILLIAM REID  SANDERSDirector MEMPHISLawrence B  ShapiroChief Operating Officer MINNETONKALawrence B  ShapiroChief Operating Officer PLYMOUTHTHOMAS  SIERINGDirector MINNETONKATHOMAS  SIERINGDirector MINNETONKAKasnet  StephenMinnetonkaDehne  TanujaMinnetonkaBRIAN  TAYLORDirector MINNETONKABRIAN  TAYLORDirector MINNETONKABRIAN  TAYLORDirector MINNETONKASiering  ThomasMinnetonkaBrock  ThomasMinnetonkaO'Brien  TimothyMinnetonkaTWO HARBORS ASSET I, LLCMINNETONKATwo Harbors Investment Corp.10% Owner MINNETONKATWO HARBORS OPERATING Co LLCMINNETONKARONALD N  WEISERDirector MINNETONKAMark  WeldDirector PLYMOUTHGriffin  WetmoreExecutive VP of Finance PLYMOUTHJohnson  WilliamMinnetonkaPersons related to Siering  Thomas - Silver Bay Operating Partnership L.P.NamePositionCityAdvisers LLC  PRCM Real EstateMinnetonkaTaylor  BrianMinnetonkaBattist  ChristineMinnetonkaBattist  ChristinePlymouthBuechler  DanielPlymouthCarter  DarylPlymouthMiller  DavidMinnetonkaMiller  DavidPlymouthKessler  IrvinMinnetonkaKessler  IrvinPlymouthShapiro  LawrencePlymouthManagement LLC  Silver BayMinnetonkaManagement LLC  Silver BayPlymouthFreydberg  PatrickMinnetonkaRealty Trust Corp.  Silver BayMinnetonkaRealty Trust Corp.  Silver BayPlymouthWeisner  RonaldMinnetonkaWeisner  RonaldPlymouthKasnet  StephenMinnetonkaKasnet  StephenPlymouthDehne  TanujaMinnetonkaDehne  TanujaPlymouthSiering  ThomasMinnetonkaSiering  ThomasPlymouthBrock  ThomasMinnetonkaBrock  ThomasPlymouthO'Brien  TimothyMinnetonkaJohnson  WilliamMinnetonka
Potentially same personNameCityCountryTHOMAS  SIERINGMINNETONKAMNTHOMAS  SIERINGMINNETONKAMNTHOMAS  SIERINGMINNETONKAMNTHOMAS  SIERINGMINNETONKAMNTHOMAS  SIERINGMINNETONKAMNTHOMAS  SIERINGNEW YORKNYTHOMAS  SIERINGNEW YORKNYSiering  ThomasPlymouthMN












 









Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











JILL AND THOMAS SIERING FAMILY FOUNDATION INC. Credit report, products, contacts













 Florida






Search









    JILL AND THOMAS SIERING FAMILY FOUNDATION INC.











Company number N15000004187
        

Status Active
        

FEI number


Company Type Domestic Non Profit
        

Home State FL
        

Last activity date not available
        

Date Of Incorporation 4/22/2015
        

Principal Address
            4501 GULF SHORE BOULEVARD N., NO. 803, NAPLES, 34103
            


Mailing Address 4501 GULF SHORE BOULEVARD N., NO. 803, NAPLES, FL, 34103
        
JILL AND THOMAS SIERING FAMILY FOUNDATION INC. Principals

Director, /, President
                Siering Thomas E
                 


Address
                4501 GULF SHORE BOULEVARD N., NO. 803, NAPLES, FL, 34103
                 



Treasurer, /, Secretary
                Siering Thomas E
                 


Address
                4501 GULF SHORE BOULEVARD N., NO. 803, NAPLES, FL, 34103
                 



Director, /, A, Secretary
                O Meara Siering Jill
                 


Address
                4501 GULF SHORE BOULEVARD N., NO. 803, NAPLES, FL, 34103
                 







Registered Agent

Agent Name SIERING             THOMAS        E (p)
        

Agent Address
                4501 GULF SHORE BOULEVARD N., NO. 803, NAPLES, FL, 34103
                

Description
JILL AND THOMAS SIERING FAMILY FOUNDATION INC. has been set up 4/22/2015 in state FL.  
The current status of the business is Active. The JILL AND THOMAS SIERING FAMILY FOUNDATION INC. principal adress is 4501 GULF SHORE BOULEVARD N., NO. 803, NAPLES, 34103. 
Meanwhile you can send your letters to 4501 GULF SHORE BOULEVARD N., NO. 803, NAPLES, FL, 34103. 
The company`s registered agent is SIERING             THOMAS        E 4501 GULF SHORE BOULEVARD N., NO. 803, NAPLES, FL, 34103.  
The company`s management are Director, /, President - Siering Thomas E, Treasurer, /, Secretary - Siering Thomas E, Director, /, A, Secretary - O Meara Siering Jill.






Comprehensive Report about this company
        





(view sample)








Similar Companies
JILL ANITA SUMMER, PA
JILL-ANN CONSTRUCTION CORP.
JILL-ANN CORPORATION
JILLANNE INC
JILL ANN JOHNS LLC
JILL-ANN REALTY CORP




















Thomas E. Siering - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In




















Thomas E. Siering
Dir., President and Chief Executive Officer at Two Harbors Investment Corp.


View Full Profile
Are you Thomas E. Siering? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Thomas E. Siering's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Thomas E. Siering's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Thomas E. Siering's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Thomas E. Siering through your network of contacts.
												








Thomas E. Siering's Executive Work History


Current


Dir., President and Chief Executive Officer, 
Two Harbors Investment Corp.


Board Member, 
Granite Point Mortgage Trust Inc.


Past
To view Thomas E. Siering's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
57

 
 


Thomas E. Siering's Biography



Thomas E. Siering has served as a director of our company since May 2017. Mr. Siering is also a member of the board of directors of Two Harbors (NYSE: TWO), and has served as their Chief Executive Officer and President since May 2009. Since 2012, Mr. Siering also served as a former director on the board of directors of Silver Bay Realty Trust Corp., which is a real estate investment trust focused on single-family properties for rental income. Mr. Siering is a Partner of Pine River and is a Director of the Pine River Foundation, an affiliate of our Manager. Prior to joining Pine River in 2006, Mr. Siering was head of the Value Investment Group ...
(Read More)

			Thomas E. Siering has served as a director of our company since May 2017. Mr. Siering is also a member of the board of directors of Two Harbors (NYSE: TWO), and has served as their Chief Executive Officer and President since May 2009. Since 2012, Mr. Siering also served as a former director on the board of directors of Silver Bay Realty Trust Corp., which is a real estate investment trust focused on single-family properties for rental income. Mr. Siering is a Partner of Pine River and is a Director of the Pine River Foundation, an affiliate of our Manager. Prior to joining Pine River in 2006, Mr. Siering was head of the Value Investment Group at EBF & Associates, a private investment firm, from 1989 until 2006. During that period, he was also the manager for Merced Partners, LP, a private investment firm, and Tamarack International Limited, a closed end, non-diversified investment management company. Mr. Siering was named a Partner at EBF & Associates in 1997. Mr. Siering joined EBF & Associates in 1989 as a trader. From 1987 to 1989, Mr. Siering held various positions in the Financial Markets Department at Cargill, Inc. From 1981 until 1987, Mr. Siering was employed in the Domestic Soybean Processing Division at Cargill in both trading and managerial roles. Mr. Siering holds a B.B.A. from the University of Iowa with a major in Finance. We believe Mr. Siering is qualified to serve as a director because of his investment and trading expertise as well as his knowledge of our Manager and its affiliate organizations, which helps ensure that adequate resources are devoted to our company by our Manager.
		
Source: Granite Point Mortgage Trust Inc. on 03/30/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Thomas E. Siering's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Thomas E. Siering. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Thomas E. Siering's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Thomas E. Siering's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Thomas E. Siering through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Thomas E. Siering


















Thomas E. Siering's Connections (45)





Sign up now to view Thomas E. Siering's 45 connections »









William Roth
Dir. and Chief Investment Officer, Two Harbors Investment Corp.









Brad Farrell
Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, Two Harbors Investment Corp.









Timothy W. O'Brien
Former Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, NRG Energy, Inc.









Hope B. Woodhouse
Board Member, Two Harbors Investment Corp.









Rebecca B. Sandberg
General Counsel and Secretary, Two Harbors Investment Corp.









Patrick Freydberg
Former Chief Operating Officer, Silver Bay Realty Trust Corp.









Christine Battist
Former Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, Silver Bay Realty Trust Corp.









David N. Miller
Former President and Chief Executive Officer, Silver Bay Realty Trust Corp.









Peter S. Niculescu
Former Executive Vice President, Capital Markets, Fannie Mae









Stephen G. Kasnet
Lead Independent Director, Two Harbors Investment Corp.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993


















Thomas Siering – Finance & Commerce









































































































 
Subscribe
Manage Account
LOG IN

Don't Miss

Just Sold: Apartment sellers cut profits to keep rents low
Junior Achievement plans expansion in St. Paul
Mortenson seeks TIF for Rochester project
Hospital campus pitched in Stillwater
Buyer gets St. Paul tower leased by Ecolab on the cheap
Finance & Commerce’s Top Projects of 2016
MN Snapshot: Girl Scout camp sells for $2.2M
Group aims to form black-led credit union in north Minneapolis
Report: Real estate expected to surge after slow start
Second hotel planned near Eagan outlet mall


 












Finance & Commerce 

 


News

Business & Economy
Construction & Development
Economic Development
Finance & Banking
Real Estate
Regional Planning & Transit
Nation & World
In Brief


Regular Features

Building Blocks
How To
Just Sold
MN Snapshot
Point Person
Sustainable
Top Transactions


Special Sections

Mergers & Acquisitions
Energy
Health Care
Top Women in Finance
Progress Minnesota
Top Projects
Twin Cities Tenant
Focus on Data Center Construction
Focus on Commercial Real Estate

Health Care Sector
Transit-Oriented Development
Investment Guide 2014


State of the Construction Industry
Experts Forum

How to Make Mixed-Income Housing Happen


Cybersecurity


Public Notices

Public Notices
Submit a Public Notice


Events

CRE Class
130 Year Anniversary
Progress Minnesota
Top Projects
Top Women in Finance


Advertising

Advertise
Digital Marketing
Marketplace

Reprints
Subscribe


Classifieds


Sponsored
Trackers

Rochester on the Rise Tracker
Hotel Development and Sales Tracker
Apartment Development Tracker
Apartment Sales Tracker



Subscribe
Manage Account
 


  
 


  






Home


				Tag Archives: Thomas Siering 





Wall Street REIT success leaving hangover

June 19, 2013
2:09 pm
Leave a comment


Mortgage real-estate investment trusts, after luring investors with returns of 46 percent over the previous three years and dividends exceeding 10 percent, are declining this quarter by the most since 2008.
Tagged with: American Capital Agency Corp. Annaly Capital Management Inc. Bank of America Corp. Barclays Plc Bill Gross Blackstone Group LP Credit Suisse Group AG Ellington Residential Mortgage REIT Fannie Mae Federal Reserve Freddie Mac Ginnie Mae Merrill Ross real estate investment trust REIT Securities and Exchange Commission Thomas Siering Treasury Two Harbors Investment Corp. Wunderlich Securities Inc.
Read More »




Minnetonka REIT to rent foreclosed homes

September 18, 2012
4:19 pm
Leave a comment


A Minnetonka-based real estate investment company may have discovered the next great business opportunity related to the housing crisis. But not everybody is sold on the idea.
Tagged with: Advantus Capital Management Merrill Ross real estate investment trust Silver Bay Realty Trust Corp. Thomas Siering Two Harbors Investment Corp.
Read More »




Two Harbors taps Farrell as next CFO

January 4, 2012
1:03 pm
Leave a comment


Brad Farrell has taken over the role of chief financial officer and treasurer at Minnetonka-based Two Harbors Investment Corp.
Tagged with: Brad Farrell Jeffrey Stolt Thomas Siering Two Harbors Investment Corp.
Read More »




Farrell takes CFO post at Two Harbors

September 28, 2011
7:45 am
Leave a comment


Minnetonka-based Two Harbors Investment Corp. has appointed Brad Farrell as its new chief financial officer and treasurer, effective Jan. 1.  
Tagged with: Brad Farrell Jeffrey Stolt Thomas Siering
Read More »




 

Latest Posts 
 




Junior Achievement plans expansion in St. Paul
July 28, 2017
7:02 am





Just Sold: Apartment sellers cut profits to keep rents low
July 28, 2017
7:02 am





Preserving Minnesota’s naturally-occurring affordable housing stock
July 12, 2017
3:21 pm





Mortenson seeks TIF for Rochester project
July 27, 2017
4:27 pm





Hospital campus pitched in Stillwater
July 27, 2017
3:57 pm





Buyer gets St. Paul tower leased by Ecolab on the cheap
July 27, 2017
3:50 pm





Finance & Commerce’s Top Projects of 2016
July 27, 2017
7:15 am



Editors’ Picks
Our best, right now.Just Sold: Apartment sellers cut profits to keep rents lowby Anne Bretts | Jul. 28Junior Achievement plans expansion in St. Paulby Anne Bretts | Jul. 28Mortenson seeks TIF for Rochester projectby Clare Kennedy | Jul. 27Hospital campus pitched in Stillwaterby Matt M. Johnson | Jul. 27Buyer gets St. Paul tower leased by Ecolab on the cheapby Matt M. Johnson | Jul. 27 Most Read 
 

Most-read stories: Week of July 17
July 22, 2017
10:50 am



Features 
 




Back Story: St. Paul Chamber’s new CEO is anything but conventional
July 24, 2017
7:05 am





Building Blocks: C&E Flats
July 21, 2017
7:10 am





Sustainable: Better Futures gives ex-cons experience on green projects
July 6, 2017
7:02 am





Back Story: John McCarthy is a CRE heavyweight, dad and drone pilot
July 3, 2017
7:02 am



Nation & World 
 

U.K. police: Corporate manslaughter possible in tower fire
July 27, 2017
3:38 pm


After scandal, U.K.-based Libor financial benchmark nears end
July 27, 2017
3:37 pm


Trump choice for Fed board says he likes rule change ideas
July 27, 2017
3:37 pm





Utilities have found a new way to make money
July 27, 2017
3:13 pm





Walkie Talkie tower sells for U.K. record $1.7B
July 27, 2017
2:24 pm




 



 


 



Get the Morning Memo
Subscribe to F&C's free email alert
and receive business news updates every weekday.



























Email Address

*







































































Twitter Buzz
My TweetsMost-Read Content
 

						Finance & Commerce's Top Projects of 2016					



						Snelling Yards proposal echoes Mill City Quarter					



						Utilities have found a new way to make money					



						Top Projects of 2016: Perkins+Will’s studioIDS					



						Top Projects of 2016: Seward Montessori School					

 



 

Finance & Commerce’s Top Projects of 2016




 

Mergers & Acquisitions Special Section




 

Energy Special Section




 

Cybersecurity Special Section





 


Digital Edition


The Digital Edition of Finance & Commerce is available to both print and online subscribers.
Current editionRecent Comments		
 


 

				Frederick Hippchen: This this beautiful plaza was allowed to fall into disrepair... 



 

				Linda Higgins: Use of the word ex-cons is outdated and stigmtizing. I expec... 



 

				Pediatrics in Brevard: In a way the Urgent Care Centers are good as they can provid... 



 

 


  





 

Copyright © 2017 Finance and Commerce | Suite 2300, Campbell Mithun Tower, 222 South Ninth Street, Minneapolis, MN 55402 | (612) 333-4244
 






























News on Thomas Siering


























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology















                                Person                            


                                    Thomas Siering                                    ▼





                                Topic                            


                                    All Topics                                    ▼








Organizations

                                Find news about organizations
                            





Alumni

                                Find news on alumni of any org
                            





Industries

                                Find news on a particular market
                            





Your Contacts

                                Find news on your contacts
                            








Sign up for free daily alerts on this feed:











By pressing Sign Up, you agree to our Terms of Use, Privacy Policy, and the LexisNexis Terms & Conditions


















Follow




                            Change Feed
                        


Thomas Siering











Alternative lender eyes growth as banks become 'crimped' by regulations


                                June 22, 2017                                 • 
                                SNL Financial                            


                                  ... a long runway. "The mortgage market is always changing," President and CEO Thomas Siering said at the time. "It's a very ephemeral market. ... But ...
                                









Two Harbors Investment Corp. Reports First Quarter 2017 Financial Results


                                May 3, 2017                                 • 
                                Business Wire                            


                                  ... book value and solid increases in Core Earnings and Comprehensive Income," stated Thomas Siering, Two Harbors' President and Chief Executive Officer. "We are on track ...
                                









Two Harbors Investment Corp. to Webcast Analyst and Investor Day 2017


                                March 15, 2017                                 • 
                                Business Wire                            


                                  ... Harbors Investment Corp.'s Analyst & Investor Day will include management presentations by Tom Siering, Chief Executive Officer, Bill Roth, Chief Investment Officer, and Brad Farrell, ...
                                









Loans from mortgage REIT's shuttered conduit highlight $1.03B JPMorgan RMBS deal


                                February 16, 2017                                 • 
                                SNL Financial                            


                                  ... MSR [assets] and commercial real estate lending," Two Harbors President and CEO Thomas Siering said during the call. "Additionally, we expect to realize the cost ...
                                









Two Harbors Investment Corp. Reports Fourth Quarter 2016 Financial Results


                                February 6, 2017                                 • 
                                Business Wire                            


                                  ... strong earnings illustrates the merits of our approach to risk management," stated Thomas Siering, Two Harbors' President and Chief Executive Officer. "We delivered a 20% ...
                                









Two Harbors Investment Corp. SecuresCompetitive Affordable Housing Program Grant forTwin Cities Habitat for Humanity


                                January 6, 2017                                 • 
                                Business Wire                            


                                  ... single family housing for families in the Twin Cities metro region," said Thomas Siering, Two Harbors' President and Chief Executive Officer. "We are thrilled that ...
                                









Two Harbors Investment Corp. to Present at the JMP Securities Financial Services and Real Estate Conference


                                September 15, 2016                                 • 
                                Business Wire                            


                                  ... real estate investment trust, announced today that Chief Executive Officer and President Thomas Siering, and Chief Investment Officer William Roth, are scheduled to present at ...
                                









Two Harbors Investment reports loss for Q2


                                September 6, 2016                                 • 
                                Marketline Newswire                            


                                  ... to our investment team's approach to capital allocation and risk mitigation," stated Thomas Siering, Two Harbors' President and CEO. "As previously announced, we will be ...
                                









Two Harbors Investment Corp. to Present at the Barclays Global Financial Services Conference


                                September 1, 2016                                 • 
                                Business Wire                            


                                  ... real estate investment trust, announced today that Chief Executive Officer and President Thomas Siering, and Chief Investment Officer William Roth, are scheduled to present at ...
                                









Mortgage REITs take differing approaches to jumbo RMBS business


                                August 15, 2016                                 • 
                                SNL Financial                            


                                  ... conducive to the continuation of the business," Two Harbors President and CEO Thomas Siering said during an Aug. 4 call. Five Oaks Investment Corp., which ...
                                









Two Harbors Investment Corp. Reports Second Quarter 2016 Financial Results


                                August 3, 2016                                 • 
                                Business Wire                            


                                  ... to our investment team's approach to capital allocation and risk mitigation," stated Thomas Siering, Two Harbors' President and Chief Executive Officer. "As previously announced, we ...
                                









Two Harbors Investment appoints senior director of investor relations


                                August 1, 2016                                 • 
                                Marketline Newswire                            


                                  ... the appointment of Tim as our Senior Director of Investor Relations," stated Thomas Siering, Two Harbors' President and CEO. "Tim's leadership experience, combined with his ...
                                









Mortgage REIT jumbo conduit closures a setback for private-label RMBS


                                July 29, 2016                                 • 
                                SNL Financial                            


                                  ... meets its long-term goals and financial expectations for what President and CEO Thomas Siering described as a difficult decision. The news follows the July 21 ...
                                









Two Harbors Investment Corp. Announces Plan to Discontinue Mortgage Loan Conduit and Securitization Business


                                July 28, 2016                                 • 
                                Business Wire                            


                                  ... and establish Agate Bay Mortgage Trust as a well-respected securitization platform," stated Thomas Siering, Two Harbors' President and Chief Executive Officer. "However, we believe that ...
                                









Timothy J. Perrott Appointed Senior Director of Two Harbors Investment Corp.


                                July 18, 2016                                 • 
                                Business Wire                            


                                  ... the appointment of Tim as our Senior Director of Investor Relations," stated Thomas Siering, Two Harbors' President and Chief Executive Officer. "Tim's leadership experience, combined ...
                                









Two Harbors Investment Corp. Named Best Company to Work For in Minnesota by Minnesota Business Magazine


                                June 6, 2016                                 • 
                                Business Wire                            


                                  ... distinguished as the best large company to work for in Minnesota," stated Thomas Siering, Two Harbors' President and Chief Executive Officer. "This award is a ...
                                









Two Harbors Investment Corp. to Present at the Keefe, Bruyette & Woods 2016 Mortgage Finance Conference


                                May 17, 2016                                 • 
                                Business Wire                            


                                  ... at the event will be Two Harbors' President and Chief Executive Officer, Thomas Siering, and Chief Investment Officer, William Roth. They will be joined by ...
                                









Two Harbors Investment Corp. Reports First Quarter 2016 Financial Results


                                May 4, 2016                                 • 
                                Business Wire                            


                                  ... real estate assets due to the continued attractiveness of this sector," stated Thomas Siering, Two Harbors' President and Chief Executive Officer. "We also opportunistically purchased ...
                                









Two Harbors Investment Corp. Again Named "100 Best Companies to Work For" by Minnesota Business Magazine


                                March 28, 2016                                 • 
                                Business Wire                            


                                  ... time as one of the '100 Best Companies to Work For,'" stated Thomas Siering, Two Harbors' President and Chief Executive Officer. "Over the last seven ...
                                









'Tremendous' CMBS volatility a challenge for mortgage REITs, others


                                February 11, 2016                                 • 
                                SNL Financial                            


                                  ... property appreciation, but rather cash flow coverage, Roth added. President and CEO Thomas Siering had previously remarked during Two Harbors' Feb. 4 earnings call that ...
                                









Two Harbors Investment reports net income for Q4


                                February 11, 2016                                 • 
                                Marketline Newswire                            


                                  ... market. We also added MSR through both flow-sale and bulk purchases," stated Thomas Siering, Two Harbors' President and CEO. "Additionally, we completed the build out ...
                                









Two Harbors will monitor economic conditions to consider more share repurchases


                                February 5, 2016                                 • 
                                SNL Financial                            


                                  ... will monitor conditions for the chance to expand repurchases, President and CEO Thomas Siering said during a conference call to discuss fourth-quarter 2015 earnings. "We ...
                                









Two Harbors Investment Corp. Reports Fourth Quarter 2015 Financial Results


                                February 3, 2016                                 • 
                                Business Wire                            


                                  ... market. We also added MSR through both flow-sale and bulk purchases," stated Thomas Siering, Two Harbors' President and Chief Executive Officer. "Additionally, we completed the ...
                                









Two Harbors Investment Corp. Announces Additional Share Repurchase Authorization


                                February 2, 2016                                 • 
                                Business Wire                            


                                  ... share repurchase program demonstrates our ongoing commitment to enhancing stockholder value," stated Thomas Siering, President and Chief Executive Officer. "We intend to utilize this share ...
                                









Two Harbors Investment Corp. to Present at the17th Annual Credit Suisse Financial Services Forum


                                January 28, 2016                                 • 
                                Business Wire                            


                                  ... conference sponsored by Credit Suisse. Two Harbors' President and Chief Executive Officer, Thomas Siering, and Chief Investment Officer, William Roth, will speak at the 17th ...
                                







Related News Feeds






Two Harbors Investment Corp.







Alumni of Iowa State University - College of Business







Thomas Siering

























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink



 






Want to see the full history of news or view news on a particular date? Upgrade to RelSci Professional now!


Start My Free Trial  ➤










 Industry:




 Select a Topic:



 Keyword:



Go  ➤









 Find an Organization:






 Select a Topic:




 Keyword:




Go  ➤









 Find a Person:






 Select a Topic:




 Keyword:




Go  ➤









 Name of a School:







 Or Name of an Organization:









 Select a Topic:




 Keyword:




Go  ➤








Thank you. You are now subscribed.Please wait for the page to refresh...










You are now subscribed to this feed.










You have unsubscribed to this feed.










Thank you. You can now subscribe to more RelSci news feeds.










 To subscribe to more than one feed, please enter a password.




 Please confirm your password



Go  ➤








You've found a premium RelSci Pro feature!



Follow News On Your Contacts

Upgrade to RelSci Pro now to easily sync your contacts and stay in the know on the news about the people important to you.


Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.



Not Now








You've found a premium RelSci Pro feature!



Search News On Keywords

Curate your news even further with the ability to filter feeds based on specific keywords mentioned in the articles.


Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.



Not Now













Industries

                        Find news on a particular market
                    





People

                        Find news about people
                    





Organizations

                        Find news about organizations
                    





Alumni

                        Find news on alumni of any org
                    





Your Contacts

                        Find news on your contacts
                    












                Free Daily Alerts
            


                Sign up for free daily alerts on this feed
            




Sign Up ➤

                    By pressing Sign Up, you agree to our Terms of Use, Privacy Policy, and the LexisNexis Terms & Conditions




                Already have an account?  Click here to login.















Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤













