



Sierra Income Corporation









































1
2
3
4
5
6






















1) Offering price subject to change. Reliance should only be made on the offering price as stated in the current prospectus, as amended and supplemented.
2) There can be no assurance that we will be able to sustain distributions at any particular level. Represents annualized disÂ­tributions. All distributions are subject to board approval. Sierra's previous distributions to stockholders were funded from expense support payments that are subject to repayment to its investment adviser, SIC Advisors LLC ("SIC Advisors"). The level of these distributions was not based on our investment performance and may not continue in the future. If SIC Advisors had not agreed to make expense support payments, these distributions would have come from paid in capital. The reimbursement of these payments owed to SIC Advisors will reduce the future distributions to which investors would otherwise be entitled. 
NOT AN OFFER TO SELL SECURITIES

The material in this Website does not constitute an offer to sell, nor a solicitation of an offer to buy the securities described herein. Such an offering is made only by means of a prospectus. The prospectus must be read in order to understand fully all the implications and risks of any offering of securities to which it relates.This sales and advertising literature is neither an offer to sell nor a solicitation of an offer to buy securities. An offering is made only by the prospectus. This literature must be read in conjunction with the prospectus in order to fully understand all of the implications and risks of the offering of securities to which the prospectus relates. A copy of the prospectus must be made available to you in connection with any offering. No offering is made except by a prospectus filed with the Department of Law of the State of New York or any other state. Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Attorney General of the State of New York nor any state securities regulator has approved or disapproved of these securities or determined if this prospectus is truthful or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense.
 

SC Distributors, LLC (member FINRA/SIPC) is the affiliated dealer manager for the Sierra Income Corporation offering. 














Sierra Park Equity Fund, LLC - Residential- Campbell  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









Sierra Park Equity Fund, LLC

      Industry: Residential
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    6118 Paseo Delicias  
    Rancho Santa Fe, X1, 92067Phone: 858-756-5565 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-11-30


New


$4,972,000


$4,972,000


Equity Only


06b


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Matthew D Campbell 
 Promoter 


 Mark J Knepper 
 Promoter 


 Don W Oliphant 
 Executive, Promoter 


 Tim J Williams 
 Executive 





















 









Team - Sierra Ventures













































































Close Sidebar





SIERRA VENTURES
1400 Fashion Island Blvd. Ste. 1010
San Mateo, CA 94404
Phone: 650.854.1000
*protected email*
Find us on FacebookFollow us on TwitterConnect on LinkedInWatch YouTube ChannelInvestor LoginNews   view allApplitools Raises $8M Round Led by Sierra VenturesApplitools, the leader in AI-based Automated Visual Testing, announced its $8M Round of funding led by Sierra...RedLock Officially Launches and Announces Series A FundingRedLock, a cloud and cyber security player, emerged from stealth and announced their Series A Round...Twitter
RT @SikkaSoftware: Sikka was honored to receive a 2017 #APIAward in the #Health API category! Find out more about our One API here:… https://t.co/RIGFFroPMiCheck out "The Most Influential Venture Capitalists...Episode 2: Mark Fernandes" by @HuffingtonPost's @TSing99!… https://t.co/eO1TTVCOWIRT @alramadan: Yesterday @Sierra_Ventures CXO Summit @mandhillon explained the "bet the category" mobile first strategy. Worked! https://t.co/BcLZ5bc72oRT @talent4boards: .@ApplitoolsEyes adds @timguleri to #BoardOfDirectors along with raising $8m #VC financing led by @Sierra_Ventures https://t.co/vTFwAE2W27RT @TreasureData: Awesome panel with @timguleri ! #MB2017 https://t.co/uHQqzqN3Yw
About UsBlogPartner With Us





Sierra VenturesOpen SidebarPortfolioTeamCXO Advisory Board





Our Team
Sierra Ventures has mastered the art of starting and scaling technology companies. Each of our Managing Directors and Partners has years of experience growing businesses of all sizes not just as investors, but as entrepreneurs and operational executives in charge of engineering, finance, marketing and operations. These experiences give Sierra a unique perspective that will help companies like yours navigate the rough waters of entrepreneurship and growth. We’re always available. Ready to collaborate as you hit bumps in the road. And committed to partnering with you to succeed.
Investing Team




Mark FernandesManaging Director


Mark Fernandes
Managing Director

“My first VC investment was in an open source (long before it was popular) security company. It was an absolute thrill to help build Sourcefire from a small team of developers in Maryland, to its IPO and then a $2.7B acquisition by Cisco. As an investor I have to play many roles and adapt with the entrepreneurs to the many ups-and-downs, but the theme stays the same – let’s do what it takes to build a great company together.”

Mark began his career as part of the founding team of a display company, followed by product roles at Seagate and Cisco. After his MBA, he then spent four years as a research analyst covering the software sector at Robertson Stephens and Merrill Lynch. He joined Sierra in 2002 and focuses primarily on software. Some of his prior investments include Sourcefire (IPO; M&A - Cisco $2.7B), Frontbridge and Opalis (M&A - Microsoft) and DynamicOps (M&A - VMware). Mark holds a BS from Mangalore University (India), a MS from UC Berkeley, and a MBA from Harvard University.


Investment Focus

Cloud / Developer Infrastructure
Security Software
Vertical Applications
Digital Health
Data & Analytics platforms

Contact
Mark Fernandes
*protected email*
LinkedIn
Twitter
Administrative Assistant: Sarah Recinos
*protected email*


Current Investments
Bitfusion
Drop Loyalty
Kinnek
RedLock
Sikka Software
Spotzer Media Group
Wizeline
Zaloni
Zimperium
Past Investments
DynamicOps (acquired by VMware, Inc.)
ElasticBox (acquired by CenturyLink)
Frontbridge Technologies (acquired by Microsoft)
Net6 (acquired by Citrix Systems)
Nexgate (acquired by Proofpoint)
Ooyala (acquired by Telstra)
Opalis Software (acquired by Microsoft)
Permeo (acquired by Blue Coat Systems)
Sourcefire (NASDAQ:FIRE - acquired by Cisco)








Tim GuleriManaging Director


Tim Guleri
Managing Director

“It takes blood, sweat and tears to build a company...it is a journey I have been on personally as an entrepreneur.  At a very visceral level I feel fortunate and humbled to support the visionary entrepreneurs I meet every day.  I relish being a resource for my CEOs—the ‘doctor on call’ as they go through the ups and downs of building a successful company. I'm 24x7, like my entrepreneurs.”

A serial entrepreneur, Tim built two software infrastructure companies: Scopus Technology, which went public in 1995, and Octane Software, where he was Founder/CEO which he sold to Epiphany for $3.2 billion in 2000. In 2002 he became a Managing Director at Sierra. At Sierra, he's taken two companies public, Sourcefire (FIRE) and MakeMyTrip (MMYT), and has been responsible for several M&As. Tim holds a BA in Electrical Engineering from India and an MS in IEOR/Robotics from Virginia Tech. His passion (outside of his family and companies) is soccer.


Investment Focus

Big Data
Mobile Infrastructure
Cloud Infrastructure
(Management, Security,Deployment)
Open Source / SaaS

Contact
Tim Guleri
*protected email*
LinkedIn
Twitter
Administrative Assistant: Dora Prado
*protected email*


Current Investments
Alpine Data
HIRED
LeadGenius
Nexenta Systems
Phenom People
Selfycart
Shape Security
Townsquared
Treasure Data
Zycada


Past Investments
Appcelerator (acquired by Axway)
Approva (acquired by Lawson Software, an Infor Affiliate)
Bina Technologies (acquired by Roche)
Everest Software (acquired by Trilogy)
Greenplum (acquired by EMC)
Makara (acquired by Red Hat)
MakeMyTrip.com (NASDAQ: MMYT)
Net6 (acquired by Citrix Systems)
Red Aril (acquired by Hearst Corp)
Octane Software (acquired by Epiphany)
Runa (acquired by Staples)
Sourcefire (IPO NASDAQ:FIRE)








Ben YuManaging Director


Ben Yu
Managing Director

“Throughout my career, I've been fascinated by unique technologies. As an investor, my passion is to help entrepreneurs turn these great technologies into successful products that the world has not seen before, creating new categories—and new market leaders. I am very fortunate to have been involved in countless "world first" products from my portfolio companies, generating hundreds of millions of dollars in sales. My job is to pass on this experience to entrepreneurs, and help them build companies that will become the next market leader.”

Ben joined Sierra in 2000 from 3Com where he served as a Senior Systems Architect and Project Manager. Prior to joining 3Com, while completing his Ph.D. at Princeton University, Ben worked as a Research Assistant at Princeton's Lightwave Communication Research Lab. Prior to beginning his studies at Princeton, Ben held a variety of engineering consulting roles at Metz in Australia. Ben holds both a Ph. D. and Masters of Arts from Princeton and a Bachelor of Engineering with 1st class honors from the University of Western Australia.


Investment Focus

IoT
IT & Cloud Computing
Mobile Communications
Semiconductors & Component Technologies
Smart Machines
VR/AR

Contact
Ben Yu
*protected email*
LinkedIn
Twitter
Administrative Assistant: Dora Prado
*protected email*


Current Investments
800App
Applied Microstructures
CNEX Labs
Falcon Computing
Ignition Design Labs (Portal)
InvenSense (NYSE: INVN)
Joy
K4Connect
Movandi
NextInput 
Qeexo
Regulus Cyber
Sliver
VeeR
VeriSilicon
Past Investments
AuthenTec (NASDAQ: AUTH)
Digital Media Group (acquired by VisionChina Media)
MicroPower (acquired by Weston Presidio)
Multigig (acquired by Analog Devices)
Novariant (acquired by AgJunction)
ParAcer (acquired by Stratos Lightwave)
SemEquip (acquired by Ceradyne, Inc.)
Social Touch (acquired)
Sychip (acquired by Murata Manufacturing)
Tempo AI (acquired by Salesforce.com)
Valere Power (acquired by Eltek ASA)
Ximalaya (acquired)







Aaron TongVenture Partner


Aaron Tong
Venture Partner
Aaron Tong joined Sierra Ventures as a Partner in 2012. Prior to joining Sierra, Aaron was at TCL Capital where he served as a Vice President and Board Member. In his three years at TCL Capital, he closed investments in five companies with one IPO in 2011 and two companies currently in the IPO registration process. Before TCL Capital, Aaron held leadership roles at TCL Corporation, Midea Corporation and Motorola, and was an Assistant Professor at National University of Singapore's School of Business. Aaron holds both a Ph.D. Management and Organization from The George Washington University and a Bachelor of Science, Acoustics from Nanjing University, China.


Investment Focus

Technology, Media, Telecommunications
Mobile Internet in China.

Contact
Aaron Tong
*protected email*







Vignesh RavikumarAssociate


Vignesh Ravikumar
Associate
Vignesh joined Sierra in 2013 after the completion of an internship at AGC Partners, a Boston-based investment bank. Prior to that, he graduated from UC San Diego in August 2012. During his time there, Vignesh was involved in a number of organizations including the Undergraduate Investment Society and the UCSD Student Foundation Endowment Fund. He also participated in academic competitions such as the CFA Research Challenge. Outside of UCSD, Vignesh completed internships at Wipro Technologies, a large, publicly traded IT firm and at Kotak Mahindra, one of the largest private banks in India. Vignesh holds a B.S. in Management Science (cum laude) and a Minor in Math.


INVESTMENT FOCUS

SaaS
Big Data
Security
AI/Machine Learning
Marketplaces
Robotics

Contact
Vignesh Ravikumar
*protected email*
LinkedIn







Hrishikesh (Rish) JoshiAssociate


Hrishikesh (Rish) Joshi
Associate
Hrishikesh (Rish) Joshi focuses on early-stage investments in big data, AI / machine learning, SaaS, and marketplaces. Previously, Rish co-founded Siftpage, a FinTech company developing an analytics & visualization platform for SEC filings & other documents. Rish graduated from MIT with a B.S. in Computer Science & Mathematics and a Masters in Electrical Engineering & Computer Science, and is a published author from his graduate work in deep learning. He is an avid tennis player and enjoys politics.


Investment Focus

Big Data
AI / Machine Learning
SaaS
Marketplaces

Contact
Hrishikesh (Rish) Joshi
*protected email*
LinkedIn





Operations Team




Jim DoehrmanOperating Partner


Jim Doehrman
Operating Partner
Jim Doehrman has joined Sierra Ventures as its first Operating Partner to lead the Firm’s CXO Network, Finance, HR, Investor Relations, Legal, and Marketing initiatives and will assist portfolio companies with back office infrastructure. 
Jim is no stranger to Sierra as he was CFO for Managing Director Tim Guleri at Octane Software, just prior to Tim joining Sierra, and helped engineer what was then the largest sale of a private software company ($3.2B). Since then, Jim has had COO, CAO and CFO roles at public and private technology companies and most recently, led explosive growth at two venture capital backed private software companies (digital media pioneer Gracenote -- sold to Sony for $265M and Automotive SaaS company Xtime, -- sold to Cox (AutoTrader) for $325M).
Prior to joining Octane, Jim had his operational and finance training in the public accounting, retail and media industries, including International assignments in London and Mexico City and led the initial IPO of the publisher of "the Dummies" books (eg. "DOS For Dummies"). During his career, Jim has led scores of M&A, debt and equity financing deals valued at over $4Bn.


Area of Expertise

Investor Relations
Corporate Finance and Accounting Practices
Process Improvement
Mergers and Acquisitions
Contract Negotiation and Strategic Planning
International Operations
Change Management
Strategic Partnerships



Contact
Jim Doehrman
*protected email*
Administrative Assistant: Sarah Recinos
*protected email*
LinkedIn
Twitter







Joyce LeeVP of Finance


Joyce Lee
VP of Finance
Joyce Lee joined Sierra Ventures in 2007 and serves as VP of Finance. Joyce is responsible for the firm’s accounting operations, financial reporting and tax matters. Prior to Sierra Ventures, she worked for Ernst & Young, LLP in the Audit and Assurance Business Services Department. Joyce holds a MS in Accountancy from the University of Notre Dame and a BA in Business Economics, with a minor in Accounting from University of California, Los Angeles (Cum Laude) and is a CPA. She enjoys traveling, a good hike, and spending time with family.


Contact
Joyce Lee
*protected email*
LinkedIn







Grace ChenAssistant Controller


Grace Chen
Assistant Controller
Grace joined Sierra Ventures in 2016 as an Assistant Controller, focusing on fund accounting, assisting with tax compliance, and coordinating audit processes. Prior to Sierra, Grace worked and consulted with various venture capital firms in the Bay Area such as Formation 8, e.Ventures and Venrock. She is a CPA and holds a Master in Professional Accounting with a concentration in tax from The University of Texas at Austin. During her free time she enjoys travel, fashion journalism and rock climbing.


CONTACT
Grace Chen
*protected email*







Brendon SchmidtDirector of Business Development


Brendon Schmidt
Director of Business Development
Brendon focuses on the business development operations for the firm including the CXO Advisory Board and managing the Annual CXO Summit. Prior to that, he worked at Gartner where he supported CIOs in the healthcare industry and investors in the Venture Capital & Private Equity sector with their top technology focus areas. Brendon has a Masters of Science in Entrepreneurship from the University of Florida, where he also completed his undergraduate degree.


AREA OF EXPERTISE

Business Development
CXO Engagement
Network Development
Analyst Relations

CONTACT
Brendon Schmidt
*protected email*
LinkedIn
Twitter







Lindsey MeintsAccounting Manager


Lindsey Meints
Accounting Manager
Lindsey joined the team in 2014 as a Senior Accountant. She is responsible for all Management Company accounting functions along with Fund activities and the Firm's monthly close process. Prior to Sierra, Lindsey was a Senior Accountant at Frank Rimerman & Co. in Palo Alto in their Accounting and CFO Advisory Services Group. While there she managed clients and provided outsourced accounting services to small tech companies. Lindsey is a CPA with a B.S. Degree in Business Administration and a Concentration in Accounting. She also holds a Minor in Wine & Viticulture. Her hobbies include traveling and cooking.


Contact
Lindsey Meints
*protected email*
LinkedIn







Katherine SingletonMarketing Coordinator


Katherine Singleton
Marketing Coordinator
Katherine joined Sierra Ventures following a three-month internship working in Sierra’s Marketing and Operations Teams. She is responsible for all Marketing initiatives and assists with the Annual CXO Summit. Prior to joining Sierra, she completed a Marketing & Accounting Internship with VMA Group, a Recruiting Firm in London, England, as well as a Financial Analyst Internship at Silicon Valley Bank in Palo Alto. Katherine is a graduate of Santa Clara University (cum laude) with a B.S. degree in Finance and a Minor in International Business. She loves to travel and her hobbies include running and hiking.


Contact
Katherine Singleton
*protected email*
LinkedIn







Sarah RecinosOffice Manager & Executive Assistant


Sarah Recinos
Office Manager & Executive Assistant
Sarah joined Sierra in 2004. She is responsible for the day to day office operations of the firm, partners with HR as the benefits administrator and oversees accounts payable. Sarah also provides executive support for three Managing Directors, the Operating Partner and the CFO. Prior to joining Sierra, Sarah worked for Linden Research, the producer of Second Life, as an Administrative Assistant and receptionist where she provided support to the marketing and finance departments. Sarah holds a BS in Biology from Stephens College and a Certificate of Human Resource Management from Keller Graduate School. She loves traveling, backpacking and reading.


Contact
Sarah Recinos
*protected email*
LinkedIn







Dora PradoExecutive Assistant


Dora Prado
Executive Assistant
Dora has been a vital member of Sierra’s team for over 20 years. She has extensive knowledge about all day-to-day operations of the firm as well as the firm’s history with our executive clients, limited partners and portfolio companies. Currently, Dora is the Executive Assistant to three of Sierra’s Managing Directors. She manages the executives’ personal & work expenses, daily calendars, meeting communications, and other necessary coordination and projects. Prior to being an Executive Assistant, Dora was an Administrative Assistant and Receptionist. She is a passionate artist and loves all things related to art and music.


Contact
Dora Prado
*protected email*
LinkedIn







Joe DescalsoReceptionist/Office Administrator


Joe Descalso
Receptionist/Office Administrator
Joe joined Sierra Ventures in 2016. Prior to joining Sierra, he worked for Schumann’s Four Seasons Catering, a deluxe catering service based in the Bay Area, handling their bar and waitstaff. Joe is a recent graduate of Gonzaga University with a B.S. degree in Economics. He is an avid outdoors adventurer and enjoys hiking, camping, and especially winter-time sports such as snowboarding and snowmobiling.


Contact
Joe Descalso
*protected email*





Active Partners in Prior Funds




Peter WendellManaging Director


Peter Wendell
Managing Director
Peter Wendell founded Sierra Ventures after ten years in sales and marketing at IBM, growing the firm from a single California-based partner to over a dozen investing professionals, nine funds, and $1.5 billion in committed capital. Peter co-teaches Stanford University's Graduate School of Business, "Entrepreneurship and Venture Capital" with Google CEO, Eric Schmidt. Peter holds a BA from Princeton University and an MBA from Harvard. In addition to his venture capital activities at Sierra Ventures, Peter serves on the board of directors of Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK), as one of the three officers of Princeton University's 40-member board of trustees, and recently completed an extended term as a member of the board of the Princeton University Investment Company (PRINCO), including six years as chairman during which time PRINCO's professional managers doubled the University's endowment. In recognition of his work at Stanford and Princeton, Peter was awarded the National Venture Capital Association's American Spirit Award.


Investment Focus

Software
Technology / Enabled Services

Contact
Peter Wendell
*protected email*
Administrative Assistant: Sarah Recinos
*protected email*


Past Investments
Intuit (NASDAQ:INTU)
Teradata (NYSE:TDC)
OnAssignment (NASDAQ:ASGN)
Fatbrain (acquired by Barnes & Noble)
Centex Telemanagement (purchased by MCI)
Amerigroup (NYSE:AGP)
Healtheon (merged with WebMD)
Intensiva Healthcare (acquired by Select Medical)
NovaMed (acquired by Surgery Partners)







David SchwabManaging Director


David Schwab
Managing Director
Dave joined Sierra in 1996. Prior to joining the venture capital community, Dave's professional career began at Lockheed Corporation in the software engineering department. Following his tenure there, he joined Sun Microsystems in sales and sales management. In 1991 Schwab co-founded Scopus Technology with a fellow Sun sales manager and two other executives. While at Scopus, he served as Vice President of Sales and Marketing. Scopus was taken public and subsequently acquired by Siebel Systems. Dave holds a Masters in aerospace engineering from Stanford University and an MBA from Harvard University.


Investment Focus

Enterprise Software
Infrastructure Software

Contact
David Schwab
*protected email*
LinkedIn
Administrative Assistant: Dora Prado
*protected email*


Current Investments
Corrigo
CSS Corp
Parature
Prelert
Revionics Inc.
Trivantis
Zebra Imaging
Zoom Systems
Past Investments
Accruent (acquired by Vista Equity Partners)
360Commerce, Inc. (acquired by Oracle)
CrossLogix (acquired by BEA Systems, Inc.)
Interact Commerce Corp. (NASDAQ:IACT)
Knova (Merger of Kanisa and ServiceWare)
Micromuse (acquired by IBM)
Onlink Technologies (acquired by Siebel Systems)







Steven WilliamsManaging Director


Steven Williams
Managing Director
Steve joined Sierra in 2000 after helping three companies get up and running: InterCAD, where he was Vice President and General Manager (later sold to Bishop Graphics); Tivoli Systems (NASDAQ:TIVS), as Vice President, Western US; and Marimba (MRBA), Vice President, World Wide Sales and COO. Having spent his career in sales management and operations, Steve applies his strong operating background to the companies in which he invests. Steve holds a BS in Electrical Engineering from Cal Poly, San Luis Obispo.


Investment Focus

Enterprise Software, SaaS
Internet Infrastructure
Content Management
Web Analytics

Contact
Steven Williams
*protected email*
LinkedIn
Administrative Assistant: Sarah Recinos
*protected email*


Past Investments
Accruent (acquired by Vista Equity Partners)
Adometry (acquired by Google)
Axentis (acquired by Wolters Kluwer)
CrossLogix (acquired by BEA Systems, Inc.)
DynamicOps (acquired by VMware, Inc.)
Marathon Technologies (acquired by Stratus Technologies Inc.)
Permeo (acquired by Blue Coat Systems)
Razorsight (acquired by Synchronoss - NASDAQ:SNCR)
SenSage (acquired by KEYW)
TouchCommerce (acquired by Nuance)
TriActive (acquired by Versata Enterprises)
WebCollage (acquired by Answers.com)










© 2017 Sierra Ventures
Privacy Policy
FacebookTwitterLinkedInYouTubeAbout UsCXO SummitCareersBlogNewsPartner With UsContact























Home - Sierra Ventures
















































































Close Sidebar





SIERRA VENTURES
1400 Fashion Island Blvd. Ste. 1010
San Mateo, CA 94404
Phone: 650.854.1000
*protected email*
Find us on FacebookFollow us on TwitterConnect on LinkedInWatch YouTube ChannelInvestor LoginNews   view allApplitools Raises $8M Round Led by Sierra VenturesApplitools, the leader in AI-based Automated Visual Testing, announced its $8M Round of funding led by Sierra...RedLock Officially Launches and Announces Series A FundingRedLock, a cloud and cyber security player, emerged from stealth and announced their Series A Round...Twitter
RT @SikkaSoftware: Sikka was honored to receive a 2017 #APIAward in the #Health API category! Find out more about our One API here:… https://t.co/RIGFFroPMiCheck out "The Most Influential Venture Capitalists...Episode 2: Mark Fernandes" by @HuffingtonPost's @TSing99!… https://t.co/eO1TTVCOWIRT @alramadan: Yesterday @Sierra_Ventures CXO Summit @mandhillon explained the "bet the category" mobile first strategy. Worked! https://t.co/BcLZ5bc72oRT @talent4boards: .@ApplitoolsEyes adds @timguleri to #BoardOfDirectors along with raising $8m #VC financing led by @Sierra_Ventures https://t.co/vTFwAE2W27RT @TreasureData: Awesome panel with @timguleri ! #MB2017 https://t.co/uHQqzqN3Yw
About UsBlogPartner With Us





Sierra VenturesOpen SidebarPortfolioTeamCXO Advisory Board








OVER 3 DECADES OF INVESTING $1.9 BILLION INTO EXCEPTIONAL INNOVATION. WE GROW EARLY-STAGE EMERGING TECH INTO MARKET LEADERS
Watch What We Do











How We Scale Startups
 

 
Experienced Investment Team
Our directors were successful engineers and entrepreneurs before becoming investors. Sierra contributes our deep operational and executive experience to help startups scale.
Meet the Team









Large Enterprise Exposure
The Sierra Ventures’ CXO Advisory Board is a network of the most passionate IT leaders. They influence our strategic investment decisions and provide new technologies helpful direction from an enterprise technology standpoint.
CXO Advisory Board Advantage











Working Investment
We epitomize “hands-on” investors by contributing more than financial support and mentorship. Our partnership provides deep-rooted networks and programs that fuel efficient growth, global exposure and strategic guidance.
View Investment Portfolio









Today’s Innovations Bring Tomorrow’s Change
Read about our portfolio companies’ accomplishments that advance consumer and enterprise technologies.


Portfolio NewsSierra Ventures NewsBlog
 









07.12.17Applitools Raises $8M Round Led by Sierra VenturesApplitools, the leader in AI-based Automated Visual Testing, announced its $8M Round of funding led by Sierra Ventures. This latest round brings Applitools total funding to $15M and will allow the company to...
READ












05.10.17RedLock Officially Launches and Announces Series A FundingRedLock, a cloud and cyber security player, emerged from stealth and announced their Series A Round of funding. Sierra Ventures is a lead investor in the $12M total raised. Mark Fernandes, Managing Director...
READ












05.08.17Falcon Computing Closes $8M Series B RoundFalcon Computing Solutions, a leader in acceleration technology and solutions for big-data applications, closed an $8 Million Series B Round. Sierra Ventures participated with several investors including, Baidu Ventures, Clear Ventures, Intel...
READ













11.08.16Sierra Ventures participates in Joy $4.5M seed roundJoy launched out of Y-Combinator this summer, and is an all-in-one wedding planning platform that offers couples CRM, planning and guest list management solutions. Create the perfect wedding website and app that makes sharing and coordinating...
READ












03.09.16CIOs Looking Beyond Data Warehouses to Data LakesMark Fernandes, Managing Director at Sierra Ventures, shares his viewpoint on how big data management is evolving, and how Data Lakes are the next big innovation trend to impact large enterprises. Read his...
READ












01.15.16Ben Yu’s perspective on Fund XI Innovation Investment StrategyRead Ben Yu’s blog article about Sierra Ventures Fund XI, announced on January 7, 2016. Ben recaps the markets they invested Fund X in, and also what areas are gaining traction within...
READ













07.12.17  Tim GuleriSierra Ventures Leads $8M Investment in Applitools to Create Visually Perfect Software Powered by Artificial Intelligence  I am excited to announce my latest investment, Applitools, and partnering with world beating entrepreneurs Gil Sever, Moshe Milman and Adam Carmi. Applitools, founded in 2014 in Tel Aviv and HQ in...
READ












04.20.16  Jim Doehrman5 Portfolio Companies Recognized for Innovation and Growth in Q1, 2016  Sierra Ventures congratulates LeadGenius, Nexenta, Prelert, TouchCommerce and Zimperium for being recognized by industry and media for their technology innovation and company growth. Inc. Magazine highlights LeadGenius as one of seven...
READ












03.09.16  Mark FernandesData Lakes: Sink or Swim?We are all fascinated with data. And in recent years, overwhelmed by the volume of it. But wait there’s more… data comes in different sizes, shapes and speeds, it’s processed across various...
READ












Entrepreneur Visionaries
They are inspired pioneers and leaders. Many have devoted entire careers to crafting the future of enterprise technology. By the force of their intuition, hard work and skill they have created companies and products that are reshaping industries. We are proud to partner with these visionary entrepreneurs.

Previous
Next







Bina TechnologiesAcquired by Roche
Narges Asadi, CEO & Co-Founder
Big Data Science Platform Providing Scalable Genomic Analytics











GreenplumNYSE: EMC
Scott Yara, Founder
Database Software for Business Intelligence and Data Warehousing











IntuitNASDAQ: INTU
Scoot Cook, Founder
Providing Financial Management Solutions for Consumers and Businesses











NexgateAcquired by Proofpoint
Devin Redmond, CEO
Allowing Companies to Discover, Audit, and Protect their Social Web Accounts











OoyalaAcquired by Telstra
Sean Knapp, CTO & Co-Founder
The Intelligent Cloud-Based Platform for Video Commerce











SourceFireNASDAQ: FIREAcquired by Cisco for $2.7 Billion
Martin Roesch, Founder and CTO
Defending Our World From Cyber Attack











TeradataNYSE: TDC
Mike Koehler, CEO
Leader in Data Warehousing Analytic Technologies Making Companies Smarter












BECOME OUR NEXT ENTREPRENEUR
Begin your funding journey and submit your business plan to us.



Find Your Next Career Opportunity
Our portfolio companies are looking to hire the very best.








© 2017 Sierra Ventures
Privacy Policy
FacebookTwitterLinkedInYouTubeAbout UsCXO SummitCareersBlogNewsPartner With UsContact


















Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version
















Sierra Investment Partners, Inc.: Home


























 


















DEDICATED TAFT-HARTLEY INVESTMENT SPECIALISTS100% Employee Owned Since 1996$3.7 Billion AUM as of June 30th, 2017High Quality Investment Products 










Home


























Sierra Investment Partners, Inc. is an SEC-Registered investment advisor dedicated to serving the investment needs of Taft-Hartley plans. Sierra is one of the nation’s leading investment firms dedicated exclusively to jointly-trusteed plans. We have put together a team of individuals with over 100 years combined service in the Taft-Hartley industry and sub-advisors with a proven track record of excellent investment results.
 More About Us

 The Taft-Hartley Investment Specialists • Distinct understanding and full dedication to the Taft-Hartley marketplace. 
• Partnership of trust based on honesty, integrity and full disclosure. 
• Ongoing communication through quarterly investment reports showing net-of-fee returns, periodic client meetings and quarterly investment outlook newsletters.
Success Through Our Team of People • Common sense approach to investing and the ability to challenge conventional opinion through committee process. 
• Average of 23 years experience per portfolio manager and diverse backgrounds.
What Makes Our Team Superior? • Excellent historical long-term investment results and dedication to quality customer service.
• Combination of investment talents and Taft-Hartley knowledge unmatched in the industry.
Proxy Voting • Receipt and verification of proxies.
• Analysis of issues according to client guidelines.
• Voting of all proxies according to Department of Labor Guidelines.
• Reporting on voting positions.
• Record keeping consistent with established guidelines.





































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft


































2016 Year-End Distributions Now Available View Now

x











 






Search







INVEST WISELY.
Sierra Mutual Funds† has developed a disciplined, time-tested investment approach that has produced satisfying long-term risk-adjusted returns for investors.
LEARN MORE


†Includes predecessor and affiliate organizations. There is no guarantee that any investment strategy will achieve its objectives, generate profits or avoid losses.
                












Information forSHAREHOLDERS
LEARN MORE









Solutions forINVESTMENT PROFESSIONALS
LEARN MORE










                    We take the view that we cannot control or manage returns – the stock, bond, currency and commodity markets fluctuate significantly and unpredictably – but we can manage downside risk. And we believe our first priority is to keep our clients out of trouble.
                    






Sierra StrategicINCOME FUND
A highly diversified mutual fund that is best suited for conservative investors who seek to preserve investment capital.


LEARN MORE


DOWNLOAD APPLICATION





Sierra CoreRETIREMENT FUND
A low-volatility, highly diversified mutual fund that is best suited for investors with a conservative risk tolerance and/or in or approaching retirement.


LEARN MORE


DOWNLOAD APPLICATION






Meet OurLeaders





David C. Wright, JD
David C. Wright holds degrees in civil engineering and law. After 13 years with major Los Angeles law firms, Mr. Wright served several years as Director of Technical Research for Bateman Eichler, Hill Richards, Inc., the largest investment banking firm west of Chicago, before co-founding Sierra Investment Management, Inc. in 1987 with Dr. Sleeper.







Kenneth L. Sleeper, MBA, PhD
Kenneth L. Sleeper earned his MBA in Finance and his PhD from the University of Southern California. Since 1987, Dr. Sleeper has managed investment capital with Mr. Wright as co-founders and principals of Sierra Investment Management, Inc. and affiliates, presently managing over $1.7 billion for retirees and other conservative investors.




In TheNews
Browse the latest press releases, news clipping and articles featuring Sierra Mutual Fund’s leadership.

Reuters
3/29/2017
Clouds over Trump tax plan may curb appetite for U.S. stocks
READ THIS ARTICLE


USA Today
1/19/2017
Here's what ended the Dow's flirtation with 20,000
READ THIS ARTICLE


CNN Money
1/17/2017
So much for fears of Donald Trump's presidency hurting tech stocks.
READ THIS ARTICLE

READ MORE






































 






Search








SIGN INOR REGISTER






All


Sierra Mutual Funds


Investment Professionals






 

Investment Professional Sign In




Email






Password











Sign In


Forgot your password?





 



Please Enter Your Sign Up Email






Resend Password










 
New to Sierra?
Register as an Investment Professional
I certify that the investor category of Financial Advisor honestly and accurately describes me.




First Name*






Last Name*






Investment Profession*

Select...
Financial Advisor (Registered Representative)
Registered Investment Advisor (RIA)
Both (Registered Representative & RIA)






CRD or IARD Number*






Company Name*






Country*

Select...
United States of America
Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antigua & Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bonaire
Bosnia & Herzegovina
Botswana
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Ter
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Canary Islands
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Channel Islands
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos Island
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Cote D'Ivoire
Croatia
Cuba
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
East Timor
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Ter
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Great Britain
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guinea
Guyana
Haiti
Hawaii
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Korea North
Korea South
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malaysia
Malawi
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Midway Islands
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Nambia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherland Antilles
Netherlands (Holland, Europe)
Nevis
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau Island
Palestine
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn Island
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Republic of Montenegro
Republic of Serbia
Reunion
Romania
Russia
Rwanda
St Barthelemy
St Eustatius
St Helena
St Kitts-Nevis
St Lucia
St Maarten
St Pierre & Miquelon
St Vincent & Grenadines
Saipan
Samoa
Samoa American
San Marino
Sao Tome & Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Tahiti
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad & Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks & Caicos Is
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican City State
Venezuela
Vietnam
Virgin Islands (Brit)
Virgin Islands (USA)
Wake Island
Wallis & Futana Is
Yemen
Zaire
Zambia
Zimbabwe






Email Address*
To access our exclusive content for Investment Professionals, please provide a business email address.






Password*
Password must be between 8 and 20 characters, must contain both upper and lower-case letters and at least one numeral.






Confirm Password*












By clicking “REGISTER” I agree to the Sierra Mutual Funds Terms of Use
Register
















Speak withSIERRA
If you have additional questions or are looking for more specific information, we would be happy to speak with you directly.

Contact Us










﻿





Sierra Investment Management









































Client Login
Contact
 
Search: 
 








Invest wisely. Rest easy.
Market-leading investment solutions backed by decades of strategic research and analysis




Invest wisely. Rest easy.
Helping conservative investors meet their long-term investment goals with less risk




Invest wisely. Rest easy.
Using a disciplined approach to risk management to meet specific goals and deliver positive investment outcomes




Invest wisely. Rest easy.
Delivering proven strategies and investment results for more than 25 years








Barron's 2016 Top 100 Independent Financial Advisors
Sierra's David C. Wright listed in Barron's "Top 100 Independent Financial Advisers"
Read More




Over 25 Years of Success
Sierra's proven goal-oriented approach helps conservative investors manage their wealth.
Learn More




Proven Performance
Sierra’s extensive track record demonstrates our ability to achieve investment goals.
Learn More









