










 







MMO BROADWAY Ltd LIABILITY Co - Other- Alexis Productions,  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









MMO BROADWAY Ltd LIABILITY Co

      Industry: Other
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    260 West 44 Th Street Suite 600 
    New York, NY, 10036Phone: 212-575-0828 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-08-05


New


Yet to Sell


$0


Equity Only


06b


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Inc. Alexis Productions, 
 Executive 


 Limited Liability Company Grove Entertainment 
 Executive 


 Frank Marshall 
 Executive 


 Melinda R. Rich 
 Executive 


 Llc Rich Entertainment Group, 
 Executive 


 Anita Waxman 
 Executive 


 Beth Williams 
 Executive 


 Inc. Wood Duck, 
 Executive 















Significant Other Broadway Ltd Liability Co - Other- Frankel  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









Significant Other Broadway Ltd Liability Co

      Industry: Other
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    C/O Richards/Climan, Inc. 165 West 46 Th Street, Suite 704 
    New York, NY, 10036Phone: 212-398-2133 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2017-03-21


Amended


$3,400,000


$3,400,000


Other


06b


SEC link




	2016-10-06


Amended


Yet to Sell


$0


Other


06b


SEC link




	2016-09-13


New


Yet to Sell


$0


Other


06b


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Ronald Frankel 
 Director, Executive 


 Rebecca Gold 
 Director, Executive 


 Jeffrey Richards 
 Director, Executive 












Significant Other Broadway Ltd Liability Co - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











Significant Other Broadway Ltd Liability Co
List of persons related to the company Significant Other Broadway Ltd Liability Co. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of Significant Other Broadway Ltd Liability Co.

CIK Number: 0001684407IRS Number: 813224498Company address: C/O RICHARDS/CLIMAN, INC. 165 WEST 46TH STREET, SUITE 704 NEW YORK 10036Phone number: 212-398-2133



People related to Significant Other Broadway Ltd Liability Co
NamePositionStreetCityCountryRichards  Jeffreyc/o Franco Productions Ltd. 180 West 58th Street, Suite 1BNew YorkNYGold  Rebeccac/o Rebecca Gold Productions LLC 117 Lyman RoadChestnut HillMAFrankel  Ronald151 East 58th Street, PH 53E New YorkNY




Significant Other Broadway Ltd Liability Co on the Web
Related companiesSignificantPsychology, LLC












 

















 







BroadwayCon  » Guests



































































Connect with Broadway's best


We are excited to bring you a spectacular cast of guests spanning a wide range of ages, interests, and artistic and professional backgrounds.
This group has been selected to represent the best that the New York theatre community has to offer. This list is not final and will continue to grow in the months leading up to the event.


Follow our Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram to be the first to know when we announce new special guests!
Note: All special guest appearances are subject to professional work commitments. Autograph and photobooth sessions are subject to guest availability. As such, we can not guarantee that all guests listed will be sitting for autograph and photobooth sessions during the event. Be sure to check the final schedule for a full list of autograph and photobooth sessions and read our autograph policy here.


Slide 2
Slide 3
Slide 4
Slide 5
Slide 6
Slide 7
Slide 8
Slide 9
Slide 10
Slide 11
Slide 12







Donna Murphy
Actor: Hello, Dolly!, Passion, The King and I
Award-winning star of stage and screen Donna Murphy has captivated audiences and critics alike with the depth and range of her work. She received the first of two Tony Awards, along with Drama Desk and Drama League Awards, for her spellbinding creation of Fosca in Stephen Sondheim and James Lapines’s Passion. Her portrayal of Anna Leonowens in The King and I garnered Murphy a second Tony Award, as well as a Drama Desk and Outer Critic Circle Award nominations. Her star turns in Wonderful Town, LoveMusik and The People in the Picture also received Tony Award nominations, Drama Desk and Outer Critics Circle Awards, and the Drama League’s 2004 Outstanding Achievement Award for Musical Theater. Other theater includes: Twelve Dreams and Hello Again (Lincoln Center Theater), Helen (Public Theater),and the Witch in the Public Theater’s acclaimed production of Into the Woods. For her work in HBO’s “Someone Had to Benny,” Murphy earned a Daytime Emmy Award, and her recent TV credits include the CBS’ “Doubt,” ABC’s “Resurrection,” VH1’s “Hindsight,” “The Good Wife,” and “Royal Pains.” On the big screen, Donna was last seen in No Pay, Nudity opposite Gabriel Byrne, The Bourne Legacy, Todd Solondz’ Dark Horse and Vera Farmiga’s Higher Ground. Other memorable film performances include The Nanny Diaries, Center Stage, Star Trek: Insurrection, and the voice of Mother Gothel in Disney’s hit animated feature Tangled. Murphy can currently be seen on the PBS period drama Mercy Street, and she will share the role of Dolly Levi with the legendary Bette Midler in the upcoming revival of Hello Dolly!




Andrew Chappelle
Actor: Hamilton
Broadway: Hamilton, Mamma Mia! First national tour: Priscilla Queen of the Desert. Off-Broadway: Hamilton at the Public Theater. www.andrewchappelle.com @Achapphawk




Laura Benanti
Actor: Gypsy, She Loves Me, "Supergirl"
Ms. Benanti is currently starring in She Loves Me on Broadway at Studio 54. She is a Tony- winning actress, earning the award for Outstanding Featured Actress in a Musical as well as Drama Desk and Outer Critics Circle Awards for Gypsy. Broadway: Swing! (Tony nomination); Into the Woods (Drama Desk, Outer Critics and Tony nominations); Women on the Verge (Drama Desk, Outer Critics Circle Awards and Tony nomination); In the Next Room, or the vibrator play; and The Sound of Music opposite Richard Chamberlain. TV: “Supergirl,” “The Sound of Music Live!,” “Nashville,” “Go On,” “Nurse Jackie,” “Law & Order: SVU,” “Royal Pains,” “Eli Stone,” “The Big C” and “Elementary.” LauraBenanti.com @laurabenanti




Carolee Carmello
Actor: Parade, Falsettos, Mamma Mia!
Carolee Carmello has appeared in 14 musicals on Broadway. Last year she was seen as Mae Tuck in Tuck Everlasting and as Mrs. du Maurier in Finding Neverland (which earned her a Drama Desk nomination). She received both a Tony nomination and Drama Desk nomination for her performance in Scandalous, where she portrayed the infamous evangelist Aimee Semple McPherson. Broadway audiences also saw her as Mother Superior in Sister Act; as Mrs. Beineke in The Addams Family (for which she received a Drama Desk nomination and an Outer Critics Circle nomination); as Donna in Mamma Mia!; as Gabrielle in Lestat (Tony nomination, Drama Desk nomination); as Ms. Pennywise in Urinetown; as Kate in Kiss Me, Kate; as Marguerite in The Scarlet Pimpernel; as Lucille Frank in Parade (Tony nomination and Drama Desk Award); as Abigail Adams in 1776; as Cordelia in Falsettos; and as Oolie in City of Angels. Her Off-Broadway shows include john and jen, Das Barbecü, I Can Get It For You Wholesale, Hello Again (Obie Award), A Class Act, The Vagina Monologues, and Elegies. She has been seen on television in “Madam Secretary,” “Smash,” “Law and Order,” “Frasier,” “Ed,” and “Remember W.E.N.N.” (SAG Award nomination). Her concert appearances have taken her across America and Europe, including engagements at Lincoln Center, New York’s Town Hall, and Carnegie Hall. Carolee can currently be seen at The Barrow Street Theater as Mrs. Lovett in Sweeney Todd. 




Kelli O’Hara
Actor: The King and I, The Bridges of Madison County, South Pacific 
Her portrayal of Anna Leonowens in the critically acclaimed revival of The King and I recently garnered her a Tony Award for Best Leading Actress in a Musical, along with Drama League and Outer Critics nominations. Her performance as Francesca in the musical adaptation of The Bridges of Madison County earned her Tony, Drama Desk, Drama League, and Outer Critics Circle nominations. Additionally, she starred as Mrs. Darling in NBC’s live telecast of “Peter Pan.” She made her Broadway debut in Jekyll & Hyde and followed it with Sondheim’s Follies, Sweet Smell of Success opposite John Lithgow, and Dracula. Kelli has also received Tony nominations for her rolls in The Light in the Piazza, The Pajama Game, South Pacific, and Nice Work if You Can Get It.




Laura Osnes
Actor: Bandstand, Rodgers + Hammerstein's Cinderella, Grease, Bonnie & Clyde
Broadway: Bandstand (Drama League, Drama Desk Award noms), Rodgers & Hammerstein’s Cinderella (Drama Desk Award; Tony, Outer Critics Circle, Astaire, and Drama League Award noms), Bonnie & Clyde (Tony nom), Anything Goes (DD, OCC, and Astaire noms), South Pacific and Grease. NYC/Regional: The Threepenny Opera (Drama Desk nom); Pipe Dream, Faust, and Bandwagon (Encores!); The Sound Of Music (Carnegie Hall); MCP’s Crazy For You (Lincoln Center); Carousel (Chicago Lyric Opera). Television: “Elementary”, “Six By Sondheim”, HBO’s “The Miraculous Year”, “Sondheim: The Birthday Concert” at Avery Fisher Hall, the Kennedy Center Honors salutes to Barbara Cook (2011) and Dustin Hoffman (2012). Laura has an extensive concert/cabaret career and two solo albums: Dream A Little Dream: Live At The Carlyle and If I Tell You: The Songs of Maury Yeston.




Annie Golden
Actor: Assassins, "Orange is the New Black"
Annie considers herself the illegitimate child of the legitimate theatre, having been discovered on the Bowery fronting a rock band and cast by Milos Forman as Jeannie in Hair, the 1978 film. Some Broadway credits include: Big River Encores! at City Center and Tony nominated revival of Violet; Xanadu; The Full Monty; Ah! Wilderness and On The Town. Annie also was Sondheim’s original Squeaky Fromme in Assassins (Playwrights Horizons). Numerous Film/TV credits: “Law and Order,” “L&O SVU,” “Cheers,” “Third Watch,” “MiamiVice,” and five seasons of Netflix’s “Orange Is The New Black” as Norma Romano.




Sierra Boggess
Actor: The Phantom of the Opera, The Little Mermaid, School of Rock
Sierra Boggess most recently starred in School of Rock at the Winter Garden Theater. Other Broadway: It Shoulda Been You, The Phantom of the Opera, Master Class, The Little Mermaid (Drama Desk and Drama League nominations). London: Les Miserables, The Phantom of the Opera (Royal Albert Hall), Love Never Dies (Olivier Award nomination). Other NY credits: The Secret Garden (Manhattan Concert Productions), Guys and Dolls (Carnegie Hall); Love, Loss, and What I Wore; and Music in the Air (Encores!). Recordings: School of Rock, It Shoulda Been You, 25th Anniversary Concert of The Phantom of the Opera, Love Never Dies, The Little Mermaid and A Little Princess. Concerts: Princeton Symphony, BBC Proms at Royal Albert Hall, Lincoln Center’s American Songbook, New York Pops (Carnegie Hall), 54 Below, and internationally across Japan and Australia. Solo album: “Awakening: Live at 54 Below.”




Stephanie J. Block
Actor: Falsettos, Wicked
Stephanie J. Block was most recently seen on Broadway as Trina in the Lincoln Center Theater revival of Falsettos. Other Broadway: The Mystery of Edwin Drood (Tony, Drama Desk nominations), Reno Sweeney in the 2011 revival of Anything Goes, 9 to 5: The Musical (DD nom.), The Pirate Queen, Liza Minnelli in The Boy from Oz, Wicked. Off-Broadway: Little Miss Sunshine (DD nom.); By the Way, Meet Vera Stark (DD nom.). TV: “Orange Is the New Black,” “Homeland,” “It Could Be Worse.” Concerts: NY Pops at Carnegie Hall, Boston Pops, National Symphony Orchestra (conducted by Marvin Hamlisch), Dallas Symphony, Indianapolis Symphony Orchestra, Utah Symphony, Columbus Symphony, Charlotte Symphony, Cleveland Pops. Solo album: This Place I Know.




Jenn Colella
Actor: Come From Away, If/Then, High Fidelity
Jenn Colella attended Columbia College in her home state of South Carolina and graduated Magna Cum Laude with a Bachelor of Arts degree in Speech and Drama. During her undergraduate years she accrued a number of professional acting credits as a company member of Trustus Theater. Later she journeyed to California on scholarship as a Chancellor’s fellow and earned a Master of Fine Arts degree in Acting from the University of California, Irvine. After graduate school, she remained in Los Angeles and pursued a career in standup comedy. She was a regular at The Comedy Store and at The Laugh Factory in Hollywoood.
Colella’s first starring role on Broadway was in 2003, as Sissy in Urban Cowboy. Her performance earned her an Outer Critics Circle Award nomination. Other starring roles on Broadway include Laura in High Fidelity (opposite Will Chase), Hedda Hopper in Chaplin (opposite Rob McClure), and she is currently starring in If/Then at the Richard Rodgers Theatre (opposite LaChanze & Idina Menzel). Her Off-Broadway credits include Slut, The Musical (opposite Andy Karl), Don’t Quit Your Night Job, Beebo Brinker Chronicles (opposite Marin Ireland), Lucky Guy (opposite Kyle Dean Massey) and the acclaimed revival of Maltby and Shire’s Closer Than Ever.
Some of her other favorite roles to date include Kiki in Kiki Baby (directed by Lonny Price), for which she earned an Outstanding Individual Performance Award at the NYMF festival, Annie Oakley in Annie Get Your Gun (PCLO), Peter Pan in Peter Pan (Sondheim Performing Arts Center), Daisy Hilton in Sideshow (Kennedy Center), and Georgie in The Full Monty (PaperMill Playhouse) with Elaine Stritch.
In television, Jenn has had guest starring roles on “Cashmere Mafia” (ABC), “Rescue Me” (FX), “Can You Tell” (Oxygen), “All My Children” (ABC) and “The Good Wife” (CBS). She starred opposite Joseph Gordon-Levitt in the indie crime drama thriller film “Uncertainty” (IFC Films).




Alex Brightman
Actor: School of Rock, Big Fish, Matilda
Alex Brightman is an actor, writer, and (M)oron. Most recently, he was Tony nominated for his performance as Dewey Finn in School of Rock on Broadway. You may or may not have seen him in Glory Days, Wicked, Big Fish, and Matilda as well.  As a writer, he has written Make Me Bad  (music & lyrics by Drew Gasparini); Everything In Its Place: The Life and Slimes of Marc Summers, The Whipping Boy (music & co-lyrics by Drew Gasparini), and a musical adaptation of the novel and Universal film It’s Kind Of A Funny Story (music & lyrics by Drew Gasparini). He has many pet peeves and a lot of love in his heart. @ABrightmonster




Donna Lynne Champlin
Actor: "Crazy Ex-Girlfriend," Billy Elliot, Sweeney Todd
Donna Lynne Champlin is best known for bringing her Broadway chops to television as Paula Proctor on The CW’s musical television show, “Crazy Ex-Girlfriend” for which she won The 2017 Women In Media’s Gracie Award. Broadway credits include:  Billy Elliot, Sweeney Todd, Hollywood Arms, By Jeeves & James Joyce’s The Dead. Off-Broadway: Shakespeare In the Park’s Taming of the Shrew and As You Like It. Dark at the Top of the Stairs (OBIE award), Working (Drama Desk Award), Love Jerry (NYMF award), City Center Encores! Bloomer Girl, Carnegie Hall’s Very Warm For May. Other Television: “Another Period,” “Law and Order,” “Younger,” “The Good Wife.” Film: “Birdman,” “Downsizing.” Recordings include numerous cast albums and her critically-acclaimed, award-winning debut solo album “Old Friends.” Training: CMU (BFA), Oxford University (Shakespeare/Chekhov). @dlchamplin on Twitter. A Princess Grace Foundation grant recipient, DL is married to actor Andrew Arrow and Mommy to son, Charlie.




Ariana DeBose
Actor: A Bronx Tale, Hamilton, Pippin
Ariana Debose can currently be seen as Jane in A Bronx Tale on Broadway. Theatre: Broadway and Off-Broadway productions of hit musical Hamilton; Leading Player in Tony-winning revival of Pippin; Mary Wilson of the Supremes in Motown The Musical; Nautica in Bring It On The Musical; and ensemble in Stephen Sondheim’s Company. Television: Guest appearances on “The Breaks” (VH1) and “Blue Bloods” (CBS), top 20 finalist on FOX’s “So You Think You Can Dance” season 6 and “OLTL Star Crossed Lovers Series.”




Veanne Cox
Actor: Company, An American in Paris, La Cage aux Folles
Broadway: An American in Paris, A Free Man of Color, Caroline or Change, The Dinner Party, La Cage aux Folles, Smile, Company (Tony/Drama Desk nominations). Off-Broadway: The Old Friends, and The Most Deserving (2014 Special Drama Desk Award) Spain, and Paradise Park (Obie Award for Sustained Excellence) plays at Signature, Womens Project, Vineyard, Public, MCC, MTC, NYTW, Playwrights Horizons. Regional: Shakespeare Theatre (Helen Hays Nomination) Alley, Guthrie, Yale Rep, Bay Street. TV/Film: “Smash,” “Louie,” “Pan Am,” “Seinfeld,” “Cinderella,” “Erin Brockovich,” “You’ve Got Mail,” “Big Eden,” “Beethovens 4th,” “Marci X.”




Lesli Margherita
Actor: Matilda, Dames at Sea, Zorro The Musical
Lesli Margherita was most recently seen as Mona Kent in Dames at Sea. She won the 2009 Laurence Olivier Award for her performance as Inez in Zorro The Musical on London’s West End. Lesli currently starred on Broadway in Matilda  as Mrs. Wormwood, a role she originated. Film work includes Opening Night opposite Topher Grace and Taye Diggs, and Lucky Stiff  with Jason Alexander. Born and raised in California, Lesli trained at UCLA and her television credits include the upcoming “Donny!,” “Fame LA,” “Major Crimes,” “The Suite Life on Deck,” “Charmed,” “NYPD Blue,” “The District,” and “On The Lot.” Additional stage credits include The Gronholm Method at The Falcon, Aldonza in MTW’s Man of La Mancha opposite Davis Gaines for which she received an Ovation Award nomination, Kate in Reprise Theater’s Kiss Me Kate for which she won an Ovation Award, Julie in Show Boat at the Goodspeed, Audrey in Little Shop of Horrors at La Mirada, Lady of the Lake in Spamalot at Sacramento Music Circus, Ilona in She Loves Me at CLOSBC, the West Coast Premiere of Michael John LaChiusa’s See What I Wanna See at the Blank Theatre, Rated RSO at the Boston Court, and Gloria in Damn Yankees for Reprise Theater. Lesli’s book Neck Punch and Carry On: Advice from the “Queen,” a series of “inspirational” messages inspired from her Twitter feed (@QueenLesli), is available exclusively on iBooks. Lesli’s critically acclaimed nightclub act All Hail the Queen continues to play to audiences in New York and LA.




Andrew Keenan-Bolger
Actor: Newsies, Tuck Everlasting, Seussical
Andrew Keenan-Bolger is an actor, director, author and filmmaker. He recently starred as “Jesse Tuck” in Tuck Everlasting on Broadway (Drama League Award nominee). He created the role of “Crutchie” in the Original Broadway Cast of Newsies (Outer Critics Circle nominee) and in the record-breaking “Newsies: The Broadway Musical” film. Other Broadway: Mary Poppins, Seussical, Beauty and the Beast, A Christmas Carol. 1st Nat’l Tours: Spelling Bee, How The Grinch Stole Christmas, Mary Poppins, Ragtime. Film: Billy Frazier in “The Rewrite,” “Marci X,” “Are You Joking?” TV: “Nurse Jackie” (Showtime), “Looking” (HBO), “Naked Brothers Band” (Nickelodeon), “One Life to Live.” B.F.A. from the University of Michigan. Director of the award winning short films “Sign” and “The Ceiling Fan.” Along with collaborator, Kate Wetherhead, he is the co-creator the webseries, “Submissions Only” (www.submissionsonly.com) and co-author of the children’s series “Jack & Louisa” (Penguin Random House)




Gideon Glick
Actor: Significant Other, Spring Awakening, Spider-Man: Turn Off the Dark
Gideon Glick most recently appeared on Broadway as Jordan in Significant Other, a role he originated off-Broadway. On Broadway, he originated roles in Spring Awakening and Julie Taymor’s Spiderman: Turn Off the Dark. Off-Broadway credits include Significant Other and Stephen Karam’s Speech and Debate (Roundabout), Jack in Into the Woods (Shakespeare in the Park), Samuel D. Hunter’s The Few (Rattlestick) and The Harvest (Lincoln Center), Wild Animals You Should Know (MCC), Peerless (Cherry Lane), and Spring Awakening (Atlantic). Film credits include “A Case of You,” “Song One,” “Gods Behaving Badly,” and “One Last Thing.” On television, he has appeared on “Elementary,” “The Good Wife,” “Man Seeking Woman,” “Margot Vs. Lily,” and recurred on “Devious Maids.” You can also hear him on the Panoply podcast “The Message.”




Anthony Rapp
Actor: Rent, If/Then. BroadwayCon Co-Creator
Broadway: If/Then; Rent; ; Six Degrees of Separation; Precious Sons (Outer Critics Circle Award, Drama Desk nomination). Off-Broadway: Raised in Captivity, Sophistry, The Destiny of Me, Some Americans Abroad, among others. Film: Adventures in Babysitting, School Ties, Dazed and Confused, Six Degrees of Separation, Rent, Man of the Century, Road Trip, Winter Passing, A Beautiful Mind. TV: “The X-Files,” “Law & Order: SVU,” and “Psych.” Anthony is the author of Without You: A Memoir of Love, Loss, and the Musical Rent, which was adapted into the one-man show Without You and performed nationally and internationally. Follow Anthony on Twitter, @albinokid.




Ann Harada
Actor: Avenue Q, Rodgers + Hammerstein's Cinderella, "Smash"
Ann Harada is best known for originating the role of Christmas Eve in Avenue Q on Broadway and in London’s West End. She played Charlotte, a stepsister, in Rodgers + Hammerstein’s Cinderella.  Add’l Broadway: 9 to 5, Les Miserables revival (as Mme. Thenardier),  Seussical and M. Butterfly.  Off-Broadway: Pacific Overtures, Love Loss and What I Wore, The Kid, The Moment When, Falsettoland, and five original musicals (Brooklynite, Avenue Q, America Dreaming, Hit the Lights!, The Don Juan and the Non-Don Juan) at the Vineyard Theatre, where she is a charter member of the Community of Artists. Film credits include “Sisters,” “Admission,” “Hope Springs,” “Feel,” “The Art of Getting By,” “Happiness,” and “Trouble.” TV: “30 Rock,” “The Big C,” “Lipstick Jungle” (as Victory’s mother), “The Electric Company,” “Johnny and the Sprites,” “Sex and the City,” and Linda the stage manager on “Smash.” She appeared at the Allen Room as part of Lincoln Center’s American Songbook series.




Rodney Hicks
Actor: Come From Away, Rent, Jesus Christ Superstar
Actor/Playwright Rodney Hicks currently plays Bob, Captain Bristol & Others in the New Musical, Come From Away. Previous Broadway: Clarence Norris in The Scottsboro Boys, Benny in RENT, as part of the closing cast and its subsequent DVD, “RENT: Live on Broadway.” Hicks played the role of Peter in the 2000 Broadway Revival of Jesus Christ Superstar and made his Broadway debut at 22 as part of the Original Cast of RENT. Many regional credits to his name. TV credits include guest star roles on “Leverage,” “GRIMM,” “Hope & Faith,” “Law and Order: Criminal Intent,” “NYPD Blue” and the pilot, “Student Affairs.” His film credits include, the lead role in “django,” an indie drama about an East Village artist and his quest for love, and “Bad Decisions.” Playwright: NC-17. Rodney has also written a TV series titled, “One Big Happy.” He is a proud member of Actors Equity Association, SAG/AFTRA and The Dramatist Guild of America.




Randy Graff
Actor: Significant Other, Spring Awakening, Spider-Man
Randy Graff received the coveted Tony and Drama Desk Awards for her role in City of Angels as well as Outer Critics, Drama Desk and Tony Award Nominations for her work in A Class Act.
Ms. Graff has the distinction of creating the role of Fantine in the original Broadway production of Les Miserables for which she received a Helen Hayes Award nomination. Also on Broadway, she starred opposite Alfred Molina in Fiddler on the Roof, receiving a Drama League Nomination, Laughter on the 23rd Floor with Nathan Lane, Moon Over Buffalo opposite Carol Burnett and in Falsettos, High Society, and Grease.
Off Broadway, Ms. Graff co-starred in Richard Greenberg’s The Babylon Line for Lincoln Center (Lortel Award, Drama Desk Nom.), Paula Vogel’s The Long Christmas Ride Home at the Vineyard Theater (Drama League Nomination), Motherhood Out Loud for Primary Stages, Do Re Mi with Nathan Lane for City Center Encores!, and Damn Yankees with Sean Hayes, for Encores! Summer Stars.
Ms. Graff has performed in theaters across the country including San Diego’s Old Globe where she portrayed legendary columnist Ann Lander’s as The Lady with all the Answers (a one woman show) and at the Kennedy Center in Washington D.C., where she proudly portrayed Countess Charlotte Malcolm in A Little Night Music in the renowned Sondheim festival in 2002. She can be heard on numerous original Broadway cast recordings and her own solo CD: “Doing Something Right…Randy Graff Sings Cy Coleman.”
As a teacher of Musical Theater Performance, Ms. Graff is on the faculty at NYU Tisch and Manhattan School of Music. She holds an honorary doctorate from Wagner College in Theatre Arts.




Kyle Scatliffe
Actor: The Color Purple, Les Misérables, The Scottsboro Boys
Kyle Scatliffe is a graduate of the American Musical and Dramatic Academy. His credits include Jim in Encores Big River, Harpo in the Broadway production of The Color Purple, Enjolras in the recent Broadway revival of Les Misérables, Haywood Patterson in the London premiere of The Scottsboro Boys (Olivier Award nomination), Coalhouse in Ragtime (ZACH Theatre), Jud Fry in Oklahoma! (5th Avenue Theatre), and Marley in A Christmas Carol: The Concert (Baltimore Symphony Orchestra/PBS). @KyleScatliffe




Ruthie Ann Miles
Actor: The King and I, Here Lies Love, "The Americans"
Ruthie Ann Miles made her Broadway debut in Lincoln Center Theater’s Tony-winning revival of The King and I, directed by Bartlett Sher, opposite Kelli O’Hara and Ken Watanabe. Her portrayal of Lady Thiang garnered her the 2015 Tony Award for ‘Best Performance by a Featured Actress in a Musical,’ as well as several other award nominations, including a 2016 Grammy nomination. She became the first Asian American actress to win a Tony Award in her category.
 
She is also known for creating the role of Philippine First Lady Imelda Marcos in Here Lies Love, a discothèque musical written by Talking Heads frontman David Byrne and directed by Alex Timbers, opposite Jose Llana and Conrad Ricamora. Her work in the piece earned her two prestigious awards, the Theatre World Award, and the Lucille Lortel Award for ‘Outstanding Lead Actress in a Musical.’
 
Ms. Miles can also been seen on her recurring role as Young Hee in FX’s Emmy-nominated season four of “The Americans.” For more, please visit RuthieAnnMiles.com and connect with @RuthieAnnMiles on Twitter. 
 
Ruthie Ann Miles grew up in Kaimuki, Honolulu, is of Korean/Caucasian-mixed descent, and is an advocate for seeing equal opportunities arise on stage and screen, specifically for Asian-Americans. She lives in Brooklyn with her husband and daughter.




Ben Cameron
Host: "Broadway Sessions." Actor: Wicked, Footloose
Ben Cameron is your Broadway Buddy! Broadway Con is his favorite thing in the world and he loves you all. He’s appeared on Bway in Wicked (orig. cast), Footloose (org. cast) and Aida. Tours: Sweet Charity, State Fair, Fame, Footloose, Tommy. Ben is the creator/host of long running hit “Broadway Sessions” at The Laurie Beechman Theatre and continues to host countless theatre industry events throughout NYC. He writes/directs solo shows for some of Bway’s top talent and teaches master classes across the globe. Look for his webseries “Dance Captain Dance Attack” on BroadwayWorld.com. Ben is a regular fixture on WNET 13 and PBS and has served as a digital correspondant for Playbill and BroadwayWorld.   Stay up to date with Ben at www.BroadwayBuddy.nyc. Social media @BenDoesBroadway.




Derek Klena
Actor: Anastasia, The Bridges of Madison County, Wicked, Carrie: The Musical
Derek is currently starring as Dmitry in the Broadway musical Anastasia. Other Broadway: The Bridges of Madison County (OBC), Wicked (Fiyero, 10th anniversary company.) Off-Broadway: Dogfight (Second Stage, Clive Barnes Award nom.), Carrie (MCC). Regional: Anastasia (Hartford Stage), Diner (Signature Theatre (D.C.), Delaware Theatre Company), Unknown Soldier (Williamstown Theatre Festival), Hairspray (Hollywood Bowl). TV: “Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt,” “Quantico,” “Blue Bloods,” “Last Week Tonight With John Oliver,” “Law and Order: SVU,” “Carrie Diaries.” 




Liz Callaway
Actor: Merrily We Roll Along, Cats, Vocals: "Anastasia," "The Swan Princess"
Tony nominee and Emmy winner Liz Callaway made her Broadway debut in Stephen Sondheim’s Merrily We Roll Along. She has gone on to star in Baby, Miss Saigon, The Look of Love, The Three Musketeers, and for 5 years appeared as Grizabella in Cats. Off-Broadway appearances include The Spitfire Grill (Drama Desk nomination), No Way to Treat a Lady, Marry Me a Little and Brownstone. Liz sang the Academy Award-nominated song Journey to the Past in the animated feature “Anastasia.” Other film work includes Jasmine in the two “Aladdin” sequels, “The Swan Princess,” and “The Rewrite” with Hugh Grant. Her extensive concert and symphony career has included appearances in London, Paris, Vietnam, Australia, China and nearly every major city in the U.S. She performs regularly with her sister Ann Hampton Callaway, as well as composer Stephen Schwartz, and has sung with Jimmy Webb, Paul Williams and the legendary Johnny Mathis. Liz has six solo recordings including her newest album, “The Essential Liz Callaway.”  www.lizcallaway.com 




Adam Chanler-Berat
Actor: Peter and the Starcatcher, Amélie, Next to Normal
Adam Chanler-Berat recently starred as Nino in Amélie on Broadway and in the world premier at Berkley Repertory Theatre as well as George in Sunday in the Park with George (Huntington Theatre).  He originated Peter in Peter and the Starcatcher and Henry in Next to Normal on and off Broadway.  Off-Broadway: The Fortress of Solitude (The Public Theater; Lortel nomination, Best Actor), Fly by Night (Playwrights Horizons) and My Favorite Year (York). Web series: “It Could Be Worse.” Television: “Elementary,” “Veep,” “The Good Wife,” “Doubt.” Film: “Delivery Man.”




Chad Kimball
Actor: Come From Away, Memphis, Into the Woods
Chad Kimball is a Tony Nominee, Best Leading Actor in a Musical for creating the role of Huey Calhoun in the Tony Award winning Broadway Musical Memphis (The Shubert). Mr. Kimball received nominations for the Drama Desk and Outer Critics Circle Awards for Best Actor as well. He is currently on Broadway in Come From Away after tryouts at La Jolla Playhouse, Seattle Repertory Theatre, Ford’s Theatre (Helen Hayes Nomination Best Featured Actor) and The Royal Alexandra Theatre in Toronto. Mr. Kimball was also seen on Broadway as John Lennon in Lennon (The Broadhurst). He donned the guise of Milky-White in the Broadway revival of Into the Woods (also at the Broadhurst) with Vanessa Williams. Other Broadway credits include The Civil War (The St. James) and Good Vibrations (The Eugene O’Neill). Off-Broadway: Finian’s Rainbow (Irish Repertory Theatre), My Life With Albertine (Playwright’s Horizons) Godspell (York Theatre) and Murder in the First (The Director’s Company). Regional theatre includes Sweeney Todd (Signature Theatre), Baby (Papermill Playhouse) and Little Fish (The Blank) and Come From Away (La Jolla Playhouse and Seattle Repertory Theatre), among others. Mr. Kimball won a Bistro Award for his solo concert, which he reprised at Joe’s Pub. He is a graduate of the Boston Conservatory. More at www.chadkimball.com – twitter: @chadkimball1




Leigh Silverman
Director: Violet, Chinglish, Well
Leigh Silverman Broadway: Violet (Roundabout; Tony nom); Chinglish; Well. Off Broadway: Sweet Charity with Sutton Foster (New Group); On The Exhale (Roundabout); The Outer Space (Public Theater); All The Ways to Say I Love You (MCC); The Wild Party (Encores); The Way We Get By (2ST); Tumacho (Clubbed Thumb); American Hero (Williamstown Theatre Festival; 2ST); No Place to Go (Public Theater); Kung Fu (Signature Theatre); The (curious case of the) Watson Intelligence (Playwrights Horizons); The Madrid (MTC); Golden Child (Signature Theatre); In The Wake (CTG/Berkeley/Public Theater; Obie Award, Lortel nomination); The Call (Playwrights Horizons); Go Back to Where You Are (Playwrights Horizons; Obie Award); From Up Here (MTC, Drama Desk nomination); Yellow Face (CTG/Public Theater). Vice President, SDC.




Michael John LaChiusa
Composer, Lyricist, Librettist:The Wild Party, Marie Christine, Chronicle of a Death Foretold
Michael John LaChiusa is a five–time Tony Award-nominated composer, lyricist and librettist for his Broadway productions of The Wild Party, Marie Christine and Chronicle of a Death Foretold. LaChiusa’s acclaimed off-Broadway musicals have been seen at The Public Theater, Lincoln Center Theatre, Second Stage Theatre, Playwrights Horizons, and Transport Group, among many others, and include First Daughter Suite, Giant, Queen of the Mist (Outer Critic’s Circle Award, Best Musical), Bernarda Alba, See What I Wanna See, Little Fish, Hello Again, and First Lady Suite. His work has been produced by many notable regional theatres including San Diego’s The Old Globe (Rain), and most recently, Baltimore’s Everyman Theatre (Los Otros, with book and lyrics by Ellen Fitzhugh.) LaChiusa has been commissioned by Chicago Lyric Opera, Houston Grand Opera, and Oregon Shakespeare Festival among others and has penned Lovers & Friends: The Chautauqua Variations for CLO and Send (who are you? I love you) written for Audra McDonald at HGO.  LaChiusa’s revues of his own work include la..la…LaChiusa  (Joe’s Pub), Hotel C’est l’Amour (conceived by Daniel Henning for the Blank Theatre in Los Angeles), and most recently Heartbreak Country: Michael John LaChiusa’s Stories of America (Jazz at Lincoln Center). LaChiusa’s awards include an Obie, Gillman Gonzalez-Falla, the Kleban Award, and 2008 & 2009 Daytime Emmy Awards. LaChiusa teaches at NYU.  He is a resident of New York City.




Jay Armstrong Johnson
Actor: On The Town, Hair, "Quantico"
Jay Armstrong Johnson can be seen on the hit ABC drama “Quantico.” Broadway: On The Town, Hands On A Hardbody, Catch Me If You Can, Hair. Off-B’way/New York Credits: Babes in Toyland starring Kelli O’Hara (Master Voices at Carnegie Hall), Candide (NYCO), Sweeney Todd starring opposite Emma Thompson and Audra McDonald (New York Philharmonic), The Most Happy Fella (Encores!), Wild Animals You Should Know (MCC), Working (Drama Desk Award; Prospect Theater Co.). Regional: The Last Goodbye (The Old Globe); On The Town (Barrington Stage Co.); 42nd Street (MUNY); Hands On A Hardbody (La Jolla Playhouse); Hairspray (Weston Playhouse). Concert: “35mm: A Musical Exhibition” (on iTunes). TV/Film: “Sex & the City 2,” “Law & Order: SVU.” Jay made his solo cabaret debut at 54 Below last April; the live album is currently available on CD and iTunes. jayarmstrongjohnson.org




Doug Wright
Librettist: War Paint, Grey Gardens, Playwright: I Am My Own Wife
Doug Wright is currently represented on Broadway by the musical War Paint, at the Nederlander Theater. His earlier plays include I Am My Own Wife (Tony Award, Pulitzer Prize), Posterity, and Quills (Obie Award), as well as books for the musicals Grey Gardens (Tony Nomination), The Little Mermaid and Hands on A Hardbody. (Drama Desk Nomination). Films include the screen adaptation of “Quills” and production rewrites for director Rob Marshall, Steven Spielberg and others. Acting credits include appearances on “Law and Order: Criminal Intent,” and the films “Little Manhattan” and “Two Lovers.” He is president of The Dramatists Guild and on the Board of The New York Theater Workshop. He has taught or guest lectured at the Yale Drama School, Princeton University, Julliard and NYU. He lives in New York with his husband, singer-songwriter David Clement and cats Glynis and Murray.




Heidi Blickenstaff
Actor: Something Rotten!, [title of show]
Heidi Blickenstaff appeared on Broadway in Something Rotten! (Bea Bottom, Outer Critics nomination), [title of show] (original creative team and cast, Tony nomination for Best Book), The Addams Family (Alice Beineke), Disney’s The Little Mermaid (Ursula) and The Full Monty. Most recently, Blickenstaff has been seen at The Signature Theatre and The La Jolla Playhouse in the world premiere of Disney’s Freaky Friday (Katherine Blake, 2017 Helen Hayes nomination). Other New York credits include The Most Happy Fella (Cleo) at City Center’s Encores! and Now. Here. This. and [title of show] at The Vineyard Theatre. Her regional credits include Next to Normal (Diana) at Weston Playhouse, Elf (Emily Hobbs) at Paper Mill Playhouse, Dog and Pony (Jane/Bonnie) at The Old Globe, First You Dream: The Music of Kander and Ebb at The Kennedy Center and Meet John Doe (Ann Mitchell, Helen Hayes Award) at Ford’s Theatre. For PBS: “First You Dream: The Music of Kander and Ebb.” Education: Duke University.




Emma Hunton
Actor: Next to Normal, Spring Awakening
Emma Hunton made her broadway debut at 16 as Ilse in Spring Awakening after playing Young Cosette on the 3rd National Tour of Les Miserables. She played Natalie in both the Broadway and national tour of Next To Normal, Maureen in the revival of RENT Off Broadway, for 13 months she was the youngest Elphaba in an english speaking production in the 1st National Tour of Wicked, and most recently did the world premiere production of Freaky Friday as Ellie Blake alongside Heidi Blickenstaff. AND SHE’S STOKED TO BE HERE.




Chris McCarrell
Actor: The Lightning Thief: The Percy Jackson Musical, Les Misérables
Chris McCarrell was most recently seen as Percy in The Lightning Thief: The Percy Jackson Musical and Marius in the Tony Nominated revival of Les Misérables on Broadway. Television credits include Nibs in “Peter Pan Live” and “The OA.” Regionally Chris starred in Summer of ’42 at Bucks County Playhouse as well as originating the role of Jimmy Livingston in Bubble Boy the musical. Other regional credits include Gabe in Next to Normal, Anthony in Sweeney Todd and Lewis in Pippin. He has sold out concerts at 54 Below with McCarrell his solo debut and Christmas Carols with Chris McCarrell. Workshops include The World Will Not Contain Us, Nikola Tesla Drops the Beat and Manhattan Kids. A 2013 graduate of Baldwin Wallace Conservatory of Music.




Ben Fankhauser
Actor: Newsies
Broadway: Davey in Newsies (Original Cast).  Off Broadway: Gene in Saturday Night (York Theatre).  National Tour: Barry Mann in Beautiful, Ernst in Spring Awakening (First National.) Regional: Huck in Big River (Sacramento Music Circus), Henry in Next To Normal (North Carolina Theatre).  He can be heard on the cast recording of Newsies, as well as on numerous albums of new works and popular songwriters, all available on iTunes. Ben holds a BFA from Ithaca College and is originally from Cleveland, Ohio.




Andréa Burns
Actor: In The Heights, On Your Feet
Andréa Burns, a Drama Desk Award winner, created the role of “Daniela” in the Tony Award-winning musical In The Heights and “Gloria Fajardo” in On Your Feet! The Story of Emilio & Gloria Estefan. Other Broadway credits include: The Nance,  Beauty and the Beast,  The Full Monty,  and The Ritz.  Off-Broadway: Jason Robert Brown’s Songs for a New World,  Stephen Sondheim’s Saturday Night.  TV: Violet, Rescue Me, The Electric Company, Law & Order: SVU.  Film: The Prince,  Akron.  Andréa’s album, A Deeper Shade of Red  is available on iTunes.




Bryce Pinkham
Actor: A Gentleman's Guide to Love and Murder
Bryce Pinkham originated the role of Monty Navarro in A Gentleman’s Guide to Love and Murder on Broadway (Tony, Grammy, and Drama Desk nominations). He’s also originated roles in Holiday Inn, Ghost the Musical, and Bloody Bloody Andrew Jackson as well as appeared in the revival of The Heidi Chronicles (Drama League Distinguished Performance Nomination) (Broadway). On television, Bryce has been seen as a series regular on “Mercy Street,” as well as made appearances on “The Get Down,” “The Good Wife,” “Person of Interest,” and in the feature film “The Comedian.” He is an Annenberg Fellow and the co-founder of a charity for at-risk children in Madagascar called Zara Aina.




Nicholas Barasch
Actor: She Loves Me, The Mystery of Edwin Drood, West Side Story
Nicholas Barasch most recently starred as Huckleberry Finn in the 2017 New York City Center Encores! production of Big River: The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn. Last year, Nicholas appeared as Arpad Laszlo in Roundabout Theatre Company’s acclaimed Broadway revival of She Loves Me, a role that garnered him the 2016 Dorothy Loudon Award for Excellence in the Theater, as well as Drama Desk and Outer Critics Circle Award nominations. Other Broadway: The Mystery of Edwin Drood and his Broadway debut in West Side Story, at age 10. NY: Anna Nicole: The Opera (Brooklyn Academy of Music/New York City Opera). Regional: Delaware Theatre Company, The Ahmanson Theatre, The National Theatre. TV/Film: “Bull” (CBS), “Mr. Student Body President” (New Form Digital), “How to Make it in America” (HBO), “The Backyardigans” (Nickelodeon). Twitter: @NickBarasch Insta: @nick_barasch 




Janet Dacal
Actor: In The Heights
On Broadway, Janet Dacal created the role of Alice in Frank Wildhorn’s production of Wonderland. She played the lead, Nina Rosario, in the Tony Award-Winning Musical In the Heights, after having originated the role of Carla in the Off-Broadway and Broadway productions. Broadway: Good Vibrations. Regional: Senor Discretion Himself (Arena Stage); The Last Five Years, Five Course Love (Carbonell nominations), Four Guys Named Jose, Annie, and others (Actors Playhouse). Recordings and tours for various Grammy-winning artists, including Jennifer Lopez, Shakira, and Gloria Estefan.




Rick Lyon
Puppeteer: Avenue Q, "Sesame Street"
Rick Lyon is best known for having created all the puppets for the Tony Award-winning Broadway musical Avenue Q. Rick was also in that show’s original cast, having created the roles of Nicky, Trekkie Monster, the blue Bad Idea Bear, and others. Rick’s company, The Lyon Puppets, built all of the Avenue Q puppets for Broadway, the West End, Las Vegas, the First American National Tour, and many international productions, including Brazil, Australia, Germany, France, and China. Favorite projects as a puppeteer: “The Late Show with Stephen Colbert,” “Sesame Street” (fifteen seasons), “Bear in the Big Blue House,” “Between the Lions,” “Men in Black,” the “Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles” films, “Muppetvision 3D,” and Nickelodeon’s “Stick Stickly.” He has been designing and building puppets professionally for more than 25 years, including characters for CBS, Nickelodeon, MTV, Comedy Central, Chinese national television, commercials, home videos, industrials, etcetera, etcetera, etcetera. www.facebook.com/ricklyonpuppets




Raymond J. Lee
Actor: Groundhog Day, Honeymoon In Vegas
Raymond J. Lee is a New York based actor currently appearing as “Ralph” in Groundhog Day on Broadway. Other Broadway credits include: Honeymoon In Vegas, Anything Goes, Mamma Mia! Off-Broadway: Two Gentlemen of Verona (The Public), The Wild Party (Encores!). Regional: Tiger Style! (La Jolla), Stuck Elevator (A.C.T.), Nerds (PTC), Great Wall (Village Theatre), Spelling Bee (PCS), Seussical (MUNY). TV/Film: “The Greatest Showman,” “Ghost Town,” “Fame,” “Smash,” “The Jim Gaffigan Show,” “Red Oaks,” “The Mikado Project.” Thanks to everyone at Nicolosi, CESD, and Sullivan Talent Group. For additional information, please visit www.raymondjlee.com and follow @raymondjlee on Twitter & Instagram. Go U Northwestern!




James Snyder
Actor: In Transit, If/Then
James Snyder will be playing Nate in In Transit beginning this fall. He was recently seen opposite Idina Menzel in Broadway’s If/Then. He received a Drama League Award Nomination for the titular role in Cry-Baby and recently played Jonathon/Miranda in Casa Valentina at Pasadena Playhouse. Additional theatre credits include Carousel at Goodspeed Opera House, Fanny at New York City Center, and Broadway: Three Generations at The Kennedy Center.




Molly Hager
Actor: Waitress, Heathers: The Musical
Molly Hager- Currently in Waitress on Broadway. Other theatre credits include Heathers: The Musical (New World Stages), Pump Boys and Dinettes (Weston Playhouse), Fat Camp (Off-Broadway, regional & NYMF productions), Cloaked (CAP21). TV: “Happyish” on Showtime, “Young Hearts Unlimited”, “Life Itself”. Film: “It’s Kind of a Funny Story” (Focus Features), “Mad City” (with John Travolta and Dustin Hoffman), “Goodbye Lover” (with Patricia Arquette). Recordings: Broadway Here I Come on “The Joe Iconis Rock and Roll Jamboree Album,” and original cast recordings of Heathers: The Musical and Waitress (all on iTunes). 




Lilli Cooper
Actor: Spring Awakening, Wicked
Broadway: Wicked (Elphaba), Spring Awakening (Original Cast). NYC and regional: Sundown, Yellow Moon (WP Theater), Tick, Tick…Boom! (Keen Company), The Spongebob Musical (Sandy Cheeks, Broadway in Chicago), The Wildness (Ars Nova), Natasha, Pierre & The Great Comet of 1812 (A.R.T.), Noir (NYSAF & NAMT), The Threepenny Opera (Atlantic Theater), LMNOP (Goodspeed). Television/Web: Bull (CBS), Creator of Glamour.com’s web shorts “It’s Not Okay, Cupid.” LaGuardia Arts High School and Vassar alum.




Drew Gasparini
Composer/Lyricist: Crazy, Just Like Me, Comedy: (M)orons
Drew Gasparini is a composer & lyricist committed to forging a new sound in the intersection between theatre and pop, and to nurturing the next generation of artists. He is currently developing a number of new stage musicals including an adaptation of the film “Night Shift” for Warner Bros. Theatre Ventures, an adaptation of the film “It’s Kind of a Funny Story” for Universal Theatrical Group, and an adaptation of the Newberry Award-winning children’s book “The Whipping Boy” (the latter two titles with bookwriter Alex Brightman). Drew can often be found sharing the stage with his talented sisters, Kasie and Chloe, performing their signature brand of folk pop as Saint Adeline; with his teacher Louis Sacco performing re-interpretations of jazz standards as “Louis & Drew”; or with his three best friends—Broadway’s Alex Brightman, F. Michael Haynie, and Andrew Kober—performing obscene comedy as The (M)orons. His sheet music is available for purchase at www.NewMusicalTheatre.com, and his albums are available on iTunes. www.thedrewgasparini.com




Anthony Rosenthal
Actor: Falsettos, Newsies
Anthony is excited to be attending BroadwayCon (as a fellow theater geek) for the third year! He was most recently seen in Falsettos on Broadway as the short insomniac, Jason. Other credits include Newsies (National Tour), and A Christmas Story (Paper Mill Playhouse). Special thanks to Celia, Mom and Dad, and CESD. (Instagram: hoofingboy100. Twitter: hoofingboy1000. YouTube: Anthony Rosenthal.)




Patrick Hinds
Host: Theater People,Broadway Backstory, BroadwayCon: The Podcast
Patrick is the founder of Theater Podcast Productions. He is best known as the creator, producer, and host of the popular podcast “Theater People,” a show featuring full length interviews with Tony winners, Broadway legends, and today’s brightest theater stars. “Theater People” was recently included on NPR’s hand-picked list of the best podcasts on the internet, was included on Buzzfeed.com’s list of the 22 best pop-culture podcasts online, and was named an honoree in the category of Best Podcast by the 2015 Webby Awards. Patrick is also the producer and co-host of “True Crime Obsessed,” a comedy / true crime podcast which debuted in May 2017 and consistently ranks in the top 200 podcasts on Apple Podcasts. He is also the producer and host of “Broadway Backstory.” He has also produced and hosted “BroadwayCon: The Podcast,” and “The Official Disney On Broadway Podcast.” Theaterppl.com / @patrickhinds / @theaterppl 









Please read our Terms and Conditions carefully before using BroadwayCon.com. BroadwayCon.com is free to use, and by using BroadwayCon.com, you the user are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms of use. After reviewing this, if you do not agree to our terms and conditions, then please do not use BroadwayCon.com.
Agreement
You agree to the terms and conditions outlined in this Terms and Conditions Agreement (hereinafter “Agreement”) with respect to BroadwayCon.com (hereinafter “the website”). This Agreement constitutes the entire and only agreement between us and you, and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous agreements, representations, warranties and understandings with respect to the website, its content, services provided by or listed on the website, and the subject matter of this Agreement. This Agreement may be amended by us at any time without specific notice to you. The latest Agreement will be posted on the Site, and you should review this Agreement prior to using the Site.
Intellectual
The content, organization, graphics, design, and other matters related to the website are protected under applicable copyrights and other proprietary laws, including but not limited to intellectual property laws. The copying, reproduction, use, modification or publication by you of any such matters or any part of the website without our express prior written permission is strictly prohibited.
Deletion/Modification
We reserve the right in our sole discretion, without any notice to you, to delete or modify any documents, information, or other content appearing on the website, including this Agreement.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold us, our officers, our employees, our volunteers, and our partners harmless from any and all liability, loss, damages, and expenses, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, related to your violation of this Agreement or use of the website.
Disclaimer
The content and services from the website are provided “as is” and “as available,” and all warranties, express or implied are disclaimed, including but not limited to the disclaimer of any implied warranties of title, non-infringement, quality, and fitness for a particular purpose with respect to the website and any site with which it is linked. The content and services may contain errors, problems, or other limitations. We have no liability whatsoever for you use of any content or services, particularly, but not limited to, any consequential, incidental, or indirect damages, including damages for loss of business, loss of profits, or other loss of money, whether based on breach of contract, breach of warranty, negligence, product liability, or otherwise, even when advised of the possibility of such damages. This website and its content would not be provided without such limitations. No advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained by you from us through the website shall create any representation or warranty not expressly stated in this Agreement. All materials on the website are provided for general information purposes and do not constitute professional advice. It is your responsibility to evaluate the accuracy and completeness of all information available on the website and any site to which it is linked.
Limits
All responsibility or liability for any damages caused by viruses contained within the electronic file containing the form or document is disclaimed. We are not liable for any incidental, special or consequential damages of any kind that may result from use of or inability to use the site.
Third-Party Websites
All rules, terms and conditions, other policies (including privacy policies), and operating procedures of third-party websites will apply while using such websites. We are not responsible for the content or opinions express in such websites, and such websites are not monitored for accuracy or completeness by us. The inclusion of any linked website does not imply approval or endorsement by us. If you decide to leave the website and access a third-party site, then you do so at your own risk.
Submissions
All suggestions, ideas, notes, and other information you may send to us (collectively, "Submissions") shall be deemed our sole property and shall not be subject to any obligation of confidence on our part. We shall be deemed to own all rights of every kind and nature regarding the Submissions and shall be entitled to unrestricted use of the Submissions for any purpose, without compensation to the provider of the Submissions.
Changes to our Terms and Conditions
If we decide to change our Terms and Conditions, then we will post those changes on this page, and update the policy modification date below.
This policy was last modified on November 16, 2013.


Please read our Privacy Policy carefully before using BroadwayCon.com. BroadwayCon.com is free to use, and by using BroadwayCon.com, you the user are agreeing to comply with and be bound by this policy. After reviewing this policy, if you do not agree to it, then please do not use BroadwayCon.com.
Collection of Information
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, or subscribe to our email updates. When registering or placing an order on our site, you may be asked to enter your name, e-mail address, mailing address, telephone phone number, or credit card information. However, you are free to visit our site anonymously.
Use of Information
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To process your orders:

To send email updates;

To improve our website based on the information and feedback we receive from you; and

To improve customer service by responding more effectively to your requests.
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
The email address you provide may be used to send you information pertaining to any orders you place, as well as email updates.
In case you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails from us, we have include unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
Protection of Information
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology, and then encrypted into our payment gateway provider’s database. It may only be accessed by individuals with special access rights to these systems, all of whom are required to keep this information confidential.
After a transaction, your private information, including your credit card number, will not be stored on our servers.
Disclosure of Information
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. However, we may disclose this information to trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, as long as these parties agree to keep your information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe such release is appropriate to comply with the law, to enforce our site policies, or to protect our or others’ rights, property, or safety. Non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Cookies
We use cookies to understand and to save your preferences for future visits, to keep track of advertisements, and to compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction, so that we can offer better site experiences in the future.
Third Party Links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third-party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. However, we seek to protect the integrity of our site, and we welcome any feedback about these sites at help@BroadwayCon.com.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance

Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act). Our website, products, and services are all directed to people who are at least thirteen years old or older.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, then we will post those changes on this page, and update the policy modification date below.

This policy was last modified on November 16, 2013.




Code of Conduct



Code of Conduct
You may also be interested in:  Accessibility and Inclusion   FAQ   Parental Permission Form
Mischief Management is dedicated to creating a fun, safe, accepting and welcoming space where fans can celebrate what they love. The safety and security of all attendees is of the utmost importance to us. Please read the below policies carefully before attending BroadwayCon.
Anti-Harrassment Policy
At BroadwayCon, the safety of everyone at the event is our first priority. We have a zero tolerance policy for harassment of any kind, including but not limited to: stalking, intimidation, offensive verbal comments, physical assault, battery, harassing photography or recording, continuous disruption of panels or other events, bathroom policing, inappropriate physical contact, and unwelcome physical attention in relation to, but not limited to: age, appearance, body size, gender identity or expression, race or ethnicity, religion, or sexual orientation.
BroadwayCon is a private event, and as such, we reserve the right to remove any person from the event at any time. If a person engages in harassing behavior, BroadwayCon Staff will take prompt action in any form they deem appropriate, including expulsion from BroadwayCon with no refund and contacting the appropriate authorities. Our policy applies to everyone at BroadwayCon, including attendees, exhibitors, speakers, special guests, professionals, press, staff, volunteers, and event security.
If someone’s behavior makes you uncomfortable, or if you witness harassment happening to someone else, you should immediately contact BroadwayCon Staff. BroadwayCon Staff will be designated by staff badges and red staff lanyards. You may also come to the BroadwayCon customer service desk to report an incident.
We ask that you abide by common sense rules to guide your behavior: If someone does not want to interact with you, don’t interact with them. If you do not have permission to touch someone, don’t touch them. We rely on your good judgement and respect for others and their property to create a fun and memorable event, and would hate for you to miss it, so please take a moment to familiarize yourself with these rules so that doesn’t happen!
IF YOU NEED IMMEDIATE HELPIf you feel like your safety or the safety of another person is at risk, then please don’t hesitate to notify a BroadwayCon staff member or security officer. You can also call the BroadwayCon Security hotline for immediate assistance at (646) 481-4438.
Weapons Policy
In order to maintain a safe space for all attendees and guests, Mischief Management has a zero tolerance policy for real weaponry. Real weapons of any kind are expressly forbidden on the premises of any Mischief Management event. (“Real weapons” are defined here as any object designed or used for inflicting harm on any person). This includes all firearms, martial arts paraphernalia, any knives larger than a pocket knife, and airsoft guns. This also applies to attendees who may have a permit or license to carry said weapon.
Any person found to be carrying a weapon of any kind may be required to turn over the weapon to the security staff and/or to have their ticket for the event revoked and to be removed from the event space.
BroadwayCon Cosplay Policy
By attending BroadwayCon, you agree that BroadwayCon and Javits Center staff members, who will be clearly designated by visible credentials, may, at any time, inspect any costume, costume weapon, or other items you bring to BroadwayCon, and may remove any person from the event space for violation of this policy.
Please familiarize yourself with our Anti-Harassment Policy. We ask that you abide by common sense rules to guide your behavior. If someone does not want to interact with you, don’t interact with them. This also applies to attendees in cosplay. Always ask before taking photos of or with another attendee, and respect your fellow attendees’ right to say no. If a person engages in harassing behavior, BroadwayCon Staff will take prompt action in any form they deem appropriate, including expulsion from BroadwayCon with no refund and contacting the appropriate authorities.
We understand that our attendees may be cosplaying as characters who carry weaponry. All attendees agree to abide by our Weapons Policy as well as any policies enacted by the Javits Center. Prop and/or costume weapons are permitted at BroadwayCon as part of a relevant costume. However, all prop weapons must be:
A. CONSPICUOUSLY FAKE

If your costume weapon looks realistic, federal law requires that it be either translucent enough that the inner mechanics are visible, or at least half-covered with solid white or bright red, orange, yellow, green, blue, purple, or pink.
B. CLEARLY SAFEGUARDED

Different styles of props will have different needs. Below, please find a non-exhaustive list of ways in which to safeguard your prop weapon.


Bows and slingshots must be either strung with a material that cannot hold tension or completely unstrung.
They may not have the capacity to fire a projectile.
Arrows may not be tipped and they must be tied together and secured to the quiver.
Any kind of knife, sword, or other prop weapon with a cutting edge may not be sharpened or have the ability to cut.
Any projectile weapon must be incapable of firing.
C. TAGGED BY BROADWAYCON STAFF

Upon arrival, attendees who are wearing costumes that include prop weapons must have their weapons logged and tagged at the BroadwayCon Customer Service Desk.
After you check into BroadwayCon and receive your badge, please proceed to the Customer Service Desk. One of our staff members will examine your prop weapon, catalog it, and tag it with a neon cable tie. A staff member will be available to examine prop weapons at all times during registration hours.
BroadwayCon Terms of Service
All BroadwayCon attendees and special guests are required to adhere to this Code of Conduct. The BroadwayCon badge is required for admittance to any BroadwayCon function. BroadwayCon reserves the right to revoke, without refund, this badge for noncompliance with these terms, for disorderly conduct including, but not limited to, any behavior that is illegal, unsafe, disruptive, discriminatory, or causes excessive discomfort to another person, or for sale or attempted sale of a badge. Further, BroadwayCon reserves the right to permanently exclude any person who does not comply with the Code of Conduct from future events.
BroadwayCon attendees and special guests are required to adhere to the instructions of all BroadwayCon employees and agents, all security employees and agents, the staff of the Jacob K. Javits Convention Center, and any and all law enforcement personnel.
BroadwayCon attendees and special guests agree to observe and comply with any and all policies, rules, and regulations of the Jacob K. Javits Convention Center, all laws, statutes, ordinances, rules, and regulations of the Government of the United States, the state of New York, New York County and the city of New York.
Liability
You assume any and all risks occurring before, during, or after BroadwayCon. You release BroadwayCon and the Jacob K. Javits Convention Center and their agents, licensees, assignees, and their respective affiliates and representatives from any related claims.
PROHIBITIONS
Alcohol, illegal drugs, weapons, and items that can be mistaken for weapons are expressly prohibited, even if they are part of a costume.
ACCESS
All BroadwayCon functions have limited capacities as determined by the Fire Marshal. Although your badge is required for admittance to all functions, it does not guarantee you access to any function if it has reached its capacity. All autograph and photo booth sessions are of a limited nature, and your badge does not guarantee access to all of them.




Privacy Policy



Please read our Privacy Policy carefully before using BroadwayCon.com. BroadwayCon.com is free to use, and by using BroadwayCon.com, you the user are agreeing to comply with and be bound by this policy. After reviewing this policy, if you do not agree to it, then please do not use BroadwayCon.com.
Collection of Information
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, or subscribe to our email updates. When registering or placing an order on our site, you may be asked to enter your name, e-mail address, mailing address, telephone phone number, or credit card information. However, you are free to visit our site anonymously.
Use of Information
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To process your orders:

To send email updates;

To improve our website based on the information and feedback we receive from you; and

To improve customer service by responding more effectively to your requests.
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
The email address you provide may be used to send you information pertaining to any orders you place, as well as email updates.
In case you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails from us, we have include unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
Protection of Information
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology, and then encrypted into our payment gateway provider’s database. It may only be accessed by individuals with special access rights to these systems, all of whom are required to keep this information confidential.
After a transaction, your private information, including your credit card number, will not be stored on our servers.
Disclosure of Information
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. However, we may disclose this information to trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, as long as these parties agree to keep your information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe such release is appropriate to comply with the law, to enforce our site policies, or to protect our or others’ rights, property, or safety. Non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Cookies
We use cookies to understand and to save your preferences for future visits, to keep track of advertisements, and to compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction, so that we can offer better site experiences in the future.
Third Party Links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third-party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. However, we seek to protect the integrity of our site, and we welcome any feedback about these sites at help@BroadwayCon.com.

Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act). Our website, products, and services are all directed to people who are at least thirteen years old or older.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, then we will post those changes on this page, and update the policy modification date below.
This policy was last modified on November 16, 2013.



Terms and Conditions



Please read our Terms and Conditions carefully before using BroadwayCon.com. BroadwayCon.com is free to use, and by using BroadwayCon.com, you the user are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms of use. After reviewing this, if you do not agree to our terms and conditions, then please do not use BroadwayCon.com.
Agreement
You agree to the terms and conditions outlined in this Terms and Conditions Agreement (hereinafter “Agreement”) with respect to BroadwayCon.com (hereinafter “the website”). This Agreement constitutes the entire and only agreement between us and you, and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous agreements, representations, warranties and understandings with respect to the website, its content, services provided by or listed on the website, and the subject matter of this Agreement. This Agreement may be amended by us at any time without specific notice to you. The latest Agreement will be posted on the Site, and you should review this Agreement prior to using the Site.
Intellectual
The content, organization, graphics, design, and other matters related to the website are protected under applicable copyrights and other proprietary laws, including but not limited to intellectual property laws. The copying, reproduction, use, modification or publication by you of any such matters or any part of the website without our express prior written permission is strictly prohibited.
Deletion/Modification
We reserve the right in our sole discretion, without any notice to you, to delete or modify any documents, information, or other content appearing on the website, including this Agreement.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold us, our officers, our employees, our volunteers, and our partners harmless from any and all liability, loss, damages, and expenses, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, related to your violation of this Agreement or use of the website.
Disclaimer
The content and services from the website are provided “as is” and “as available,” and all warranties, express or implied are disclaimed, including but not limited to the disclaimer of any implied warranties of title, non-infringement, quality, and fitness for a particular purpose with respect to the website and any site with which it is linked. The content and services may contain errors, problems, or other limitations. We have no liability whatsoever for you use of any content or services, particularly, but not limited to, any consequential, incidental, or indirect damages, including damages for loss of business, loss of profits, or other loss of money, whether based on breach of contract, breach of warranty, negligence, product liability, or otherwise, even when advised of the possibility of such damages. This website and its content would not be provided without such limitations. No advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained by you from us through the website shall create any representation or warranty not expressly stated in this Agreement. All materials on the website are provided for general information purposes and do not constitute professional advice. It is your responsibility to evaluate the accuracy and completeness of all information available on the website and any site to which it is linked.
Limits
All responsibility or liability for any damages caused by viruses contained within the electronic file containing the form or document is disclaimed. We are not liable for any incidental, special or consequential damages of any kind that may result from use of or inability to use the site.
Third-Party Websites
All rules, terms and conditions, other policies (including privacy policies), and operating procedures of third-party websites will apply while using such websites. We are not responsible for the content or opinions express in such websites, and such websites are not monitored for accuracy or completeness by us. The inclusion of any linked website does not imply approval or endorsement by us. If you decide to leave the website and access a third-party site, then you do so at your own risk.
Submissions
All suggestions, ideas, notes, and other information you may send to us (collectively, “Submissions”) shall be deemed our sole property and shall not be subject to any obligation of confidence on our part. We shall be deemed to own all rights of every kind and nature regarding the Submissions and shall be entitled to unrestricted use of the Submissions for any purpose, without compensation to the provider of the Submissions.
Changes to our Terms and Conditions
If we decide to change our Terms and Conditions, then we will post those changes on this page, and update the policy modification date below. 
This policy was last modified on November 16, 2013.

















BBB Business Profile | Monarch Construction and Roofing LLC





























Home
 > 
Accredited Business Directory
 > 
Roofing Contractors
 > 
Monarch Construction and Roofing LLC














BBB Accredited Business Profile






Monarch Construction and Roofing LLC



Request a Quote

































Monarch Construction and Roofing LLC






            Business Information
        






(303) 981-1265

Monarch Construction and Roofing LLC
16 years in business

        5300 Broadway
        Denver, CO 80216-1925
    




 EMAIL
            

                 WEBSITE
            





                    Fax Numbers
                


                            (303) 416-8841
                        




                    Additional Email Addresses
                


                            monarchco@gmail.com
                        




                    Additional Website Addresses
                


http://www.monarchroofing.com


http://www.monarchpaintingco.com






See Less Contact Options
See More Contact Options





Find a Location






                BBB File Opened: 02/25/2010
            

                Business Started: 07/31/2001


                Business Started Locally: 07/31/2001
            

                Business Incorporated: 03/04/2010 in CO





            Type of Entity
             
            Limited Liability Company       
    



            Business Management
        


                    Ms. Alicia Scott, VP of Operations
                

                    Mr. Jon Lowrie, Owner
                






            Business Category
        


                Roofing Contractors
            




                            Painting Contractors
                        

                            Siding Contractors
                        

                            Stucco & Exterior Coating Contractors
                        

                            Windows
                        




See More Business Categories
See Less Business Categories







            Products & Services
        
        Stucco, Painting, Roofing, Gutters, Siding, Landscaping 

    



            Service Area
        
         DENVER, CO, LAKEWOOD, CO

    



            Alternate Business Names
        


                    Monarch Painting
                

                    Monarch Construction
                

                    Monarch Roofing
                

                    Monarch Stucco & Painting
                





            Industry Tips
        

BBB Tip: Roofing Contractors


BBB Tip: Contractors (General)






                    Methods of Payment
                


                            Check, Cash, Visa, Mastercard, and  Discover Credit Cards.
                        





See Less Business Information
See More Business Information


 








            Business Information
        







                    A+
                


                BBB Rating Scorecard
            







        Request a Quote
    





Share your experience


              Submit a Review
          

            Submit a Complaint
        









BBB Reason for Ratings


        BBB rating is based on 13 factors: Get the details about the factors considered.










BBB Reports On









Licensing









                        Licensing information is provided in the BBB Business Profiles to inform the public about industries that may require professional licensing, bonding, or registration. Better Business Bureau encourages you to check with the appropriate agency to be certain any requirements are currently being met.
                    





Advertising Review









                        BBB promotes truth in advertising by contacting advertisers whose claims conflict with the BBB Code of Advertising.  These claims come to our attention from our internal review of advertising, consumer complaints and competitor challenges.  BBB asks advertisers to substantiate their claims, change ads to make offers more clear to consumers, and remove misleading or deceptive statements.
                    





Government Actions









                        BBB reports on known significant government actions involving the business's marketplace conduct.
                    





Out of Business









                        BBB reports on a company that is out of business for three years from the date the company closes its doors or ceases to do business.
                    





Misuse of Better Business Bureau Name/Logo









                        BBB reports on unauthorized use of the Better Business Bureau's name and/or logo for as long as the business continues to use it in any advertising, or for one year after the business ceases any repeated unauthorized uses.
                    





Bankruptcy









                        BBB reports on a business’s bankruptcy as long as the business remains in bankruptcy.
                    





Mail Returned









                        BBB reports when mail sent to the business was returned by the Postal Service.
                    
























Monarch Construction and Roofing LLC






            BBB Rating Scorecard
        












 




                Monarch Construction and Roofing LLC
            
BBB ACCREDITATION SINCE 03/15/2010










A+




BBB Rating System Overview














Customer Review Rating:









                        The BBB Customer Review Rating represents the customer's opinion of the business.
                        The Customer Review Rating percentages are based on the total number of positive,
                        neutral, and negative reviews posted.
                    



60%


40%




[6] Positive Reviews



[0] Neutral Reviews



[4] Negative Reviews



[10] Total Customer Reviews
                        





[10] Total Customer Complaints
                        










Composite Score:





                        Monarch Construction and Roofing LLC has received 4.47 out of 5 stars based on 10 Customer Reviews and a BBB Rating of A+.
                        






                            Comprised of 67% BBB Rating and 33% Customer Review Rating.
                        

                            The BBB Customer Review Rating represents the customer's opinion of the business. The Customer Review
                            Rating percentages are based on the total number of positive, neutral, and negative reviews posted.
                        

                            The BBB letter grade represents the BBB's opinion of how the business is likely to interact with its customers.
                            The BBB grade is based on BBB file information about the business.
                            In some cases, a business' grade may be lowered if the BBB does not have sufficient
                            information about the business despite BBB's requests for that information from the business.
                        

                            The BBB Customer Review Rating plus the BBB Rating is not a guarantee of a business'
                            reliability or performance. BBB recommends that consumers consider a business'
                            BBB Rating and Customer Review Rating in addition to all other available information
                            about the business.
                        









        Request a Quote
    






Share your experience


              Submit a Review
          

            Submit a Complaint
        











Share




Print






































































×
Claim Your Business


                By claiming your Business Profile, businesses can add custom text or descriptive information about their services, insert company logos, and add photographs for consumers to view.
            

Close










×
AccreditedQuestionModal title


                content
            

Close










×
Customer Rating Modal title


                content
            

Close










×
Score Modal title


                content
            

Close











×
Find a Location







Filter







Close




 




















 




















Event Tickets | Tickets.Expert






Booth Theatre Tickets New York New York













Company Info
Policies




 Browse Upcoming Events at Booth Theatre


  200% Money-Back GuaranteeAll Tickets are backed by a 200% Guarantee.Your tickets will arrive before the event.Your tickets will be valid for entry. About Us We are a resale marketplace, not a box office or venue. This site is not owned by the venue.Ticket prices may be above or below face value.


   Custom Search
		



					Keywords: 


					Start Date: 


					End Date: 


					City:

All
Akron, OH
Albuquerque, NM
Anaheim, CA
Anchorage, AK
Arlington, TX
Atlanta, GA
Aurora, CO
Austin, TX
Bakersfield, CA
Baltimore, MD
Baton Rouge, LA
Birmingham, AL
Boston, MA
Buffalo, NY
Chandler, AZ
Charlotte, NC
Chesapeake, VA
Chicago, IL
Chula Vista, CA
Cincinnati, OH
Cleveland, OH
Colorado Springs, CO
Columbus, OH
Corpus Christi, TX
Dallas, TX
Denver, CO
Detroit, MI
Durham, NC
El Paso, TX
Fort Wayne, IN
Fort Worth, TX
Fremont, CA
Fresno, CA
Garland, TX
Glendale, AZ
Glendale, CA
Greensboro, NC
Hartford, CT
Henderson, NV
Hialeah, FL
Honolulu, HI
Houston, TX
Indianapolis, IN
Jacksonville, FL
Jersey City, NJ
Kansas City, MO
Laredo, TX
Las Vegas, NV
Lexington, KY
Lincoln, NE
London, EN
Long Beach, CA
Los Angeles, CA
Louisville, KY
Lubbock, TX
Madison, WI
Memphis, TN
Mesa, AZ
Miami, FL
Milwaukee, WI
Minneapolis, MN
Modesto, CA
Montgomery, AL
Montreal, QC
Nashville, TN
New Orleans, LA
New York, NY
Newark, NJ
Norfolk, VA
Oakland, CA
Oklahoma City, OK
Omaha, NE
Orlando, FL
Paris, FR
Philadelphia, PA
Phoenix, AZ
Pittsburgh, PA
Plano, TX
Portland, OR
Raleigh, NC
Riverside, CA
Rochester, NY
Sacramento, CA
Saint Louis, MO
Saint Paul, MN
Saint Petersburg, FL
San Antonio, TX
San Diego, CA
San Francisco, CA
San Jose, CA
San Juan, PR
Santa Ana, CA
Scottsdale, AZ
Seattle, WA
Shreveport, LA
Stockton, CA
Tampa, FL
Toledo, OH
Toronto, ON
Tucson, AZ
Tulsa, OK
Virginia Beach, VA
Washington, DC
Wichita, KS



Search




      


















Event Tickets | Tickets.Expert






Booth Theatre Tickets New York New York













Company Info
Policies




 Browse Upcoming Events at Booth Theatre


  200% Money-Back GuaranteeAll Tickets are backed by a 200% Guarantee.Your tickets will arrive before the event.Your tickets will be valid for entry. About Us We are a resale marketplace, not a box office or venue. This site is not owned by the venue.Ticket prices may be above or below face value.


   Custom Search
		



					Keywords: 


					Start Date: 


					End Date: 


					City:

All
Akron, OH
Albuquerque, NM
Anaheim, CA
Anchorage, AK
Arlington, TX
Atlanta, GA
Aurora, CO
Austin, TX
Bakersfield, CA
Baltimore, MD
Baton Rouge, LA
Birmingham, AL
Boston, MA
Buffalo, NY
Chandler, AZ
Charlotte, NC
Chesapeake, VA
Chicago, IL
Chula Vista, CA
Cincinnati, OH
Cleveland, OH
Colorado Springs, CO
Columbus, OH
Corpus Christi, TX
Dallas, TX
Denver, CO
Detroit, MI
Durham, NC
El Paso, TX
Fort Wayne, IN
Fort Worth, TX
Fremont, CA
Fresno, CA
Garland, TX
Glendale, AZ
Glendale, CA
Greensboro, NC
Hartford, CT
Henderson, NV
Hialeah, FL
Honolulu, HI
Houston, TX
Indianapolis, IN
Jacksonville, FL
Jersey City, NJ
Kansas City, MO
Laredo, TX
Las Vegas, NV
Lexington, KY
Lincoln, NE
London, EN
Long Beach, CA
Los Angeles, CA
Louisville, KY
Lubbock, TX
Madison, WI
Memphis, TN
Mesa, AZ
Miami, FL
Milwaukee, WI
Minneapolis, MN
Modesto, CA
Montgomery, AL
Montreal, QC
Nashville, TN
New Orleans, LA
New York, NY
Newark, NJ
Norfolk, VA
Oakland, CA
Oklahoma City, OK
Omaha, NE
Orlando, FL
Paris, FR
Philadelphia, PA
Phoenix, AZ
Pittsburgh, PA
Plano, TX
Portland, OR
Raleigh, NC
Riverside, CA
Rochester, NY
Sacramento, CA
Saint Louis, MO
Saint Paul, MN
Saint Petersburg, FL
San Antonio, TX
San Diego, CA
San Francisco, CA
San Jose, CA
San Juan, PR
Santa Ana, CA
Scottsdale, AZ
Seattle, WA
Shreveport, LA
Stockton, CA
Tampa, FL
Toledo, OH
Toronto, ON
Tucson, AZ
Tulsa, OK
Virginia Beach, VA
Washington, DC
Wichita, KS



Search




      









Amélie on Broadway - Official Website
























































Amélie played its final performance on May 21, 2017.


BEST MUSICAL
DRAMA LEAGUE AWARD NOMINATION



“PURE JOY! An unabashed crowd-pleaser.”
			      Entertainment Weekly



“PHILLIPA SOO IS LUMINOUS with A HEAVENLY VOICE!”
			      Time Out New York












STARRING
PHILLIPA SOO









Get a First Look and Listen of the Show!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GPBsGlbcfCM






Watch our commercial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pvTjMJ-la6c





TEASER: Mischief
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1OkebAU1AkY





TEASER: Love
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mM1ccmtWN2Y





TEASER: Imagination
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mLFqa9d0Lho





TEASER: Adventure
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bxNlh9qj6no





TEASER: Friendship
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4cQsgSHTe-4





Full Cast Announced!
http://www.playbill.com/article/hamilton-39-s-phillipa-soo-will-star-in-amelie-musical-on-broadway





Looking On the Bright Side with Phillipa Soo
http://www.nylon.com/articles/phillipa-soo-amelia-interview





Hamilton Schuyler Sisters Add 'Sisterhood' To 'America the Beautiful' At Super Bowl
http://ew.com/music/2017/02/05/super-bowl-51-hamilton-schuyler-sisters-america-beautiful/






LISTEN TO THE BONUS TRACK OF “TIMES ARE HARD FOR DREAMERS”









Tony® nominee Phillipa Soo returns to Broadway in AMÉLIE, a new musical based on the beloved five-time Oscar®-nominated film.
Amélie is an extraordinary young woman who lives quietly in the world, but loudly in her mind. She covertly improvises small, but surprising acts of kindness that bring joy and mayhem. But when a chance at love comes her way, Amélie realizes that to find happiness she’ll have to risk everything and say what’s in her heart. Come be inspired by this imaginative dreamer who finds her voice, discovers the power of connection and sees possibility around every corner. In these uncertain times, Amélie is someone to believe in.
Directed by Tony winner Pam MacKinnon (Who’s Afraid of Virginia Woolf?), with a book by Pulitzer Prize and Tony nominee Craig Lucas (The Light in the Piazza) and an original score by Daniel Messé and Nathan Tysen, AMÉLIE is a heartwarming comedy that "proves that the world is better when we’re all in it together” (Paste Magazine).



























PHILLIPA SOO
 

Broadway: Hamilton (Tony nomination). Off-Broadway: Hamilton (The Public Theater, word premiere; Lucille Lortel Award winner); Natasha, Pierre & the Great Comet of 1812. (Ars Nova, word premiere; Drama League nomination, Lucille Nortel Award nomination). Regional: Amélie (Ahmanson Theatre), The School for Wives (Two River Theatre), A Little Night Music (Berkshire Theatre Group). Television: "Smash." Training: Juilliard, Group 41.






ADAM CHANLER-BERAT
 

starred in the world premiere of Amélie at Berkeley Repertory Theatre, and most recently played George in Sunday in the Park with George (Huntington Theatre). He originated Peter in Peter and the Starcatcher and Henry in Next to Normal on and off Broadway. Off-Broadway: The Fortress of Solitude (The Public Theater; Lortel nomination, Best Actor), Fly by Night (Playwrights Horizons) and My Favorite Year (York). Web series: "It Could Be Worse." Television: "Elementary," "Veep," "The Good Wife," "Doubt." Film: Delivery Man.






EMILY AFTON
 

Broadway: Hair. First National: Hair, Priscilla Queen of the Desert, I Love a Piano. Off-Broadway: Standard Time. Regional: Amélie (CTG); Waitress (A.R.T); Goodspeed Opera House, Stages St. Louis, MSMT, APAC, Mac-Haydn, Arrow Rock. Singer for @savedbythe90s, Friday nights at Webster Hall. BFA Emerson College. @emafton. So much love and gratitude.






DAVID ANDINO
 

Broadway Debut. Off-Broadway: 50 Shades! The Musical Parody (Christian). 1st Nat'l Tour: R&H’s Cinderella (Jean-Michel). Regional: Amélie (Berkeley Rep, world premiere), The Buddy Holly Story (LTOTS, Big Bopper). Viterbo University Alum (BFA). Everything I do is for Dani, Avery & Riley. Hey mom, you were right. We did it <3. IG:@daveycapp Twitter: @onidnadivad






AUDREY BENNETT
 

is thrilled to make her Broadway debut as Young Amélie! National tour: The Sound of Music (Gretl). So much love and thanks to Mama, Daddy, Oliver, grandparents, Mary Joy Nelson, Renae Baker, Donna Garner, Janine Molinari, David Doan/CESD and Kim Pedell/Zoom Talent! Twitter: @audreycbennett. Instagram: @audreybennettactor.






RANDY BLAIR
 

Broadway debut. Off-Broadway: The Black Crook (Abrons Arts Center), Gigantic (Vineyard Theatre), Adding Machine (Minetta Lane), Haute Mess (Ars Nova), Spidermusical (Mint Theater), Perez Hilton Saves the Universe (Barrow Street). Regional: Berkeley Rep, St. Louis Rep, Woolly Mammoth, Alabama Shakespeare Festival, Weston Playhouse, New York Stage and Film. Film/TV: "Law & Order," "Strangers with Candy," "Naked Brothers Band," Afterwards, creative consultant on "Billy on the Street." Training: NYU.






HEATH CALVERT
 

Broadway: Bloody Bloody Andrew Jackson, Hair, Good Vibrations. Off-Broadway: Nobody Loves You (Second Stage, Lucille Lortel nomination), Bloody Bloody Andrew Jackson (The Public). The Old Globe, Studio Theatre, O’Neill Theater Center. Concerts: Nashville, Baltimore, National Arts, Indianapolis, Alberta, and Phoenix Symphonies. Film: Mistress, Swing State. TV: “The Night Of” (HBO), “Inside Amy Schumer.” All for the Love O' M'Life & Lil Reid. heathcalvert.com






ALISON CIMMET
 

Broadway: She Loves Me, The Mystery of Edwin Drood, Bonnie and Clyde, Baby It’s You!, A Tale of Two Cities. Off-Broadway/Regional: Three Kinds of Exile (Atlantic), My Wonderful Day (Two River), Into the Woods (Fiasco/Old Globe), Les Misérables (NCT), Mame (Kennedy Center). Film: Judd Apatow’s The Big Sick, Chasing Taste. Television: "Bull," "Deadbeat," "Are We There Yet?" Training: Brown University. AlisonCimmet.com






SAVVY CRAWFORD
 

Broadway debut. She's ecstatic to be originating Young Amélie! She performed the role in Los Angeles and at Berkeley Rep. Recently: starring as Dehlia in Nickelodeon's animated pilot "The Thing about Babies," the star-studded Madonna video "Bitch I'm Madonna." She has numerous television, voiceover and commercial credits. Savvy's first television appearance was at age six, "Mike and Molly." Instagram/Twitter: @SavvyCrawford. YouTube: Crafty Penguin.






TREY ELLETT
 

Broadway: Rent (Mark). National Tours: If/Then (Swing, Lucas u/s), The Full Monty (Ethan), tick tick BOOM (Jonathan). Regional: Mamma Mia! (Harry), Other Desert Cities (Trip), Next to Normal (Dan), Fully Committed. Instagram/Twitter: @treyellett.






MANOEL FELCIANO
 

Broadway: Sweeney Todd (Tony nomination), Disaster!, Brooklyn, Jesus Christ Superstar, Cabaret. Off-Broadway: The Changeling, Much Ado About Nothing, Shockheaded Peter, Trumpery. Regional: Twelfth Night, Elektra, Clybourne Park, November, The Caucasian Chalk Circle, Ragtime, At Home at the Zoo, Three Sisters, Sunday in the Park with George, Mothers and Sons (world premiere), Rock 'n' Roll, Round and Round the Garden. TV: “Elementary,” “NCIS,” “Trauma,” “The Unusuals,” “Life on Mars.” BA: Yale, MFA: NYU.






HARRIETT D. FOY
 

Broadway: Amazing Grace, The American Plan, Mamma Mia!. Off-Broadway: Rimbaud (BAM), On the Levee, Crowns (AUDELCO Award). Regional: The House That Will Not Stand (Yale Rep, Berkeley Rep, Bay Area Award); Dance of the Holy Ghosts (Yale Rep); Women of Brewster Place (Arena Stage; Helen Hayes nomination). Film/TV Collateral Beauty, Winter’s Tale, "Billions," "Orange is the New Black," etc. Howard University. @divafoyh harriettdfoy.com “WGATAP!”






ALYSE ALAN LOUIS
 

Berkeley Rep, Ahmanson: Amélie. Broadway: Disaster!, Mamma Mia! Off-Broadway: Encores: A New Brain (Original Cast Recording); Abrons: The Civilians’ Pretty Filthy (OCR); Thank you Mom, Dad, Jill, Keith, SP, Diane, and my love Eric. For Grandmom Rita, Pop-Pop Stanley, and for Nan and Pop, who never dreamed my sister and I would perform on Broadway blocks from where they honeymooned in 1947.






MARIA-CHRISTINA OLIVERAS 
 


Broadway: Machinal, Bloody Bloody Andrew Jackson. Off-Broadway World Premieres: Here Lies Love (The Public-cast recording); Pretty Filthy (The Civilians-cast recording); Taylor Mac’s 24 Decade History of Popular Music (St. Ann’s Warehouse); And Miles to Go (PCP); Reading Under the Influence (DR2); The Really Big Once (Target Margin); After (PCP). Other Off-Broadway: Bloody Bloody Andrew Jackson (The Public); Romeo and Juliet (The Public); Zorba! (City Center Encores!); Night Sky (BPAC). Selected Regional: Amélie (Berkeley Rep—World premiere); Here Lies Love (Williamstown); January Joiner (Long Wharf—World premiere); Boleros for the Disenchanted (Huntington); Fabulation (Baltimore Center Stage); Macbeth in Macbeth and Jacques in As You Like It (Hudson Valley Shakespeare); among numerous others. Selected Film/TV: Manhattan Night, St. Vincent, The Humbling, Time Out of Mind, Clutter, "Nurse Jackie," "Law & Order: SVU," "Mozart in the Jungle."Education: B.A.—Yale University; M.F.A.—National Theatre Conservatory. Recipient of New Dramatists' Charles Bowden Acting Award.  Member of the Actors' Center. Associate Artist of The Civilians. Love and thanks to my incredible family and DWMK. @mcoliveras mariachristinaoliveras.com







DESTINEE REA
 

is overjoyed to be making her Broadway debut in Amélie! Some of her favorite roles are Gwendolyn (Cell), Lorrell Robinson (Dreamgirls), and Dorothy (The Wiz). Thanks to my people & The Mine. "And we were like those who dreamed...” Learn more about the BOLD things she’s doing. @boldwomen_






TONY SHELDON
 

Broadway & London: Priscilla Queen of the Desert (Theatre World Award; Tony, Olivier, Drama Desk, Drama League nominations). Off-Broadway: The Band Wagon (City Center Encores!), Icon (NYMF), Charles Busch’s Cleopatra (Theatre for the New City). Australia: Man of La Mancha, Long Day’s Journey into Night, Dirty Rotten Scoundrels, The Producers, Private Lives, Noises Off, The Witches of Eastwick, I Hate Hamlet, Torch Song Trilogy, Falsettos.






JACOB KEITH WATSON
 

Broadway: Violet, The Phantom of the Opera. National Tour: Chicago. New York: Encores! 1776, Kurt Weill on Broadway. Regional: Amélie, Twelfth Night, As You Like It, Othello, Under Milk Wood. Jacob is also a past winner of the prestigious Lotte Lenya Competition. Thanks to The Mine. Love to Elisabeth. IG/Twitter: @JacobKeithW






PAUL WHITTY
 

Broadway: Once, The Full Monty. National Tour: Once. Off-Broadway: Once (NYTW); Violet (Encores! Off-Center); Twelfth Night (Sonnet Rep). Regional: Amélie (CTG, Berkeley Rep); Peter and the Starcatcher (Actors Theatre of Louisville); Be More Chill (Two River Theater); reasons to be pretty, Art (Crescent Stage); Circle Mirror Transformation (Pure Theatre); Doubt (Village Rep). Film: Song One. Television: “Law & Order: SVU.” For my Amélie.






Produced By


 
 





Aaron Harnick


AARON HARNICK
(Producer)

Aaron Harnick’s first Broadway production as producer was Frankie and Johnny in the Clair de Lune. Since then, his company, Harbor Entertainment, has produced and invested in many productions. Amélie marks his first Broadway musical as a lead producer.





David Broser


DAVID BROSER
(Producer)

is a co-founder of Harbor Entertainment and president of RDA Ventures, a private equity investment firm that invests in diverse companies in a variety of industries.





Triptyk Studios


TRIPTYK STUDIOS
(Producer)

is a production company founded and led by Tara Smith, B. Swibel & Adam Westbrook. Select theatrical credits include this season’s hit, Oh, Hello on Broadway!; four-time Tony winner An American in Paris (Broadway, tour, London); Xanadu (Tony nomination); The Seagull; You’re Welcome America… (Tony nomination); The Performers; and My Daughter Keeps Our Hammer (Flea Theater). Select upcoming stage/TV includes “Freedom Run” in partnership with Stevie Wonder, To Die For with book & lyrics by David Javerbaum and a new musical based on the timeless Archie comics by Academy Award winner Adam McKay. Triptyk’s development team for Amélie featured Director of Development Stephanie Cowan and Executive Producer Elie Landau.





Spencer B. Ross


SPENCER B. ROSS
(Producer)

is the founder of SBR Productions LLC and is tremendously proud of the entire Amélie team. Broadway: Amélie, Come From Away, Present Laughter (2017), Significant Other, An American in Paris. National tours: An American in Paris, Fun Home. Thanks to my parents for taking me to all those shows when I was growing up. sbrproductions.com






Harbor Entertaiment


HARBOR ENTERTAINMENT
(Producer)

is a theatrical production company based in New York.





Berkeley Repertory Theatre


BERKELEY REPERTORY THEATRE
(Producer)

has grown from a storefront stage to an international leader in innovative theatre. Known for its core values of imagination and excellence, as well as its educated and adventurous audience, the nonprofit has provided a welcoming home for emerging and established artists since 1968.





Center Theatre Group


CENTER THEATRE GROUP
(Producer)

one of the nation’s preeminent arts and cultural organizations, is celebrating 50 years as Los Angeles’ leading nonprofit theatre company, programming at the Ahmanson Theatre, Mark Taper Forum and Kirk Douglas Theatre. In addition to presenting and producing the broadest range of theatrical entertainment in the country, Center Theatre Group is one of the nation’s leading producers of ambitious new works through commissions and world premiere productions and a leader in interactive community engagement and education programs. 






Simone Genatt Haft 


SIMONE GENATT HAFT
(Co-Producer)

Co-Founder of Broadway Asia, among the largest global production, management and distribution companies; 400 cities, 40 countries, five continents. Select Broadway and international productions include An American in Paris, Anastasia, The Producers, Hairspray, The Sound of Music, Legally Blonde, Little Shop of Horrors, The King and I, Cinderella, West Side Story, Jay Chou’s The Secret, Smokey Joe’s Café, The Addams Family, Stomp, Cookin’/Nanta, China Goes Pop!, Murder Ballad, Murder for Two, Fuerzabruta, Spongebob Squarepants Live, Ice Age Live, Madagascar Live, Neverland, the Peter Pan Immersive Theater Entertainment. Asia/Brazil Licensing House for Rodgers & Hammerstein and others.





Marc Routh


MARC ROUTH
(Co-Producer)

Co-Founder of Broadway Asia, among the largest global production, management and distribution companies; 400 cities, 40 countries, five continents. Select Broadway and international productions include An American in Paris, Anastasia, The Producers, Hairspray, The Sound of Music, Little Shop of Horrors, The King and I, Cinderella, Legally Blonde, West Side Story, Jay Chou’s The Secret, Smokey Joe’s Café, The Addams Family, Stomp, Cookin’/Nanta, China Goes Pop!, Murder Ballad, Murder for Two, Fuerzabruta, Spongebob Squarepants Live, Ice Age Live, Madagascar Live, Neverland, the Peter Pan Immersive Theater Entertainment. Asia/Brazil Licensing House for Rodgers & Hammerstein and others.





Saltaire Investment Group


SALTAIRE INVESTMENT GROUP
(Co-Producer)

is a group of friends from Saltaire, Fire Island, which includes the DeLeeuw Family, Matt Sirovich & Meredith Elson, Carol & Richie Hochman, Dori & Doug Howell, Judy & Steve Kunreuther, Aaron Malinsky, Bernard & Pat McElhone, Steve Kaufman & Francine Oro, Jeremy Mindich & Amy Smith.





The John Gore Organization


THE JOHN GORE ORGANIZATION
(Co-Producer)

family of companies includes Broadway Across America and Broadway.com, under the supervision of producer John Gore (Chairman & CEO). Productions include Amélie; Beautiful; Cats; Dear Evan Hansen; A Doll’s House, Part 2; Fiddler on the Roof; The Glass Menagerie; Groundhog Day; Hello, Dolly!; On Your Feet!; The Present. BroadwayAcrossAmerica.com, Broadway.com






David Mirvish


DAVID MIRVISH
(Co-Producer)

is a Toronto-based theatrical producer. Mr. Mirvish operates four theatres in Toronto. Mirvish Productions has produced plays and musicals for these and other venues throughout Canada, on Broadway and in London’s West End. In addition Mirvish Productions has presented over 800 touring productions in the city of Toronto.





Terry Schnuck


TERRY SCHNUCK
(Co-Producer)

Tony Award recipient for Fun Home, Clybourne Park, The Gershwins’ Porgy and Bess, Hair, Spring Awakening. Other credits: Bandstand; Sunset Boulevard; Beautiful: The Carole King Musical; You Can’t Take It With You; Bonnie & Clyde; High; Race; Superior Donuts; Blithe Spirit; The Homecoming; ’night, Mother; Enchanted April; Falling; Shear Madness.






And
Jujamcyn Theaters

 
 







Book by
Craig Lucas


CRAIG LUCAS
(Book)

Plays include Reckless, Blue Window, Prelude to a Kiss, God’s Heart, The Dying Gaul, Stranger, Prayer for My Enemy, The Singing Forest, Ode to Joy and I Was Most Alive With You. Screenplays: Longtime Companion, The Secret Lives of Dentists, Reckless, Blue Window, Prelude to a Kiss, The Dying Gaul. Libretti: The Light in the Piazza, 3 Postcards, Sousatzka, Two Boys, Orpheus in Love, Amélie. Direction: The Light in the Piazza (world premiere), This Thing of Darkness, Saved or Destroyed, Play Yourself, Ode to Joy; films: The Dying Gaul & Birds of America. Awards: NY Film Critics Best Screenplay, Sundance Audience Award, Excellence in Literature Award from the American Academy of Arts & Letters, three Obies.





Music by
Daniel Messé


Daniel Messé
(Composer/Co-Lyricist/ Co-Vocal Arranger)

is the founder/principal songwriter of the band Hem, which began as a DIY project in 2001 (Rabbit Songs), and has gone on to worldwide acclaim over the course of six studio albums. In 2009, The Public Theater tapped Hem to score Twelfth Night for Shakespeare in the Park (starring Anne Hathaway and Audra McDonald, dir. by Daniel Sullivan), for which they were nominated for a Drama Desk Award. Along with collaborator Mindi Dickstein, Dan has written four shows for Theatreworks USA, received a Jonathan Larson Grant from the American Theatre Wing and been commissioned by Playwrights Horizons to write a new full-length musical (Trip).





Lyrics by
Nathan Tysen & Daniel Messé


NATHAN TYSEN
(Co-Lyricist)

Broadway: Tuck Everlasting (with composer Chris Miller; Outer Critics & Drama League nominations). Off-Broadway: The Burnt Part Boys (Playwrights Horizons & Vineyard Theatre; Lucille Lortel nomination), Fugitive Songs (Drama Desk nomination), Stars of David. Regional: Stillwater (Kansas City Rep with band Joe’s Pet Project), The Mysteries of Harris Burdick (Barrington Stage Co.). TV: “Sesame Street,” “Elmo’s World” and “The Electric Company.” Awards from the Kleban, Ebb, Rodgers and Larson foundations. Writer/director for Lovewell Institute, creating original musicals with young adults. MFA NYU Graduate Musical Theatre Writing Program, BFA Missouri State Univ. Husband to writer Kait Kerrigan, father to Lucy. nathantysen.com.





Based On The Motion Picture By
Jean-Pierre Jeunet and Guillaume Laurant


JEAN-PIERRE JEUNET
(Director/Co-Writer, Original Motion Picture)

is a self-taught director who began by making the films The Escape, The Merry-G-Round, No Rest for Billy Brakko and The Bunker of the Last Gunshots. His film Things I Like, Things I Don't Like won 50 awards including the César Award for Best Short Film, and The Fabulous Destiny of Amelie Poulin became the most successful French-language film in the world. Other works include Delicatessen, The City of Lost Children, Alien franchise, A Very Long Engagement, Micmacs å Titre-Larigot, The Young and Prodigious T.S. Spivet and "Casanova." Jeunet's currently making a short animated film set to text by Jacques Prévert.

GUILLAUME LAURANT
(Co-Writer, Original Motion Picture)

began his playwriting career adapting All Things Considered by Ben Brown (Envers et Contre Tout) in 2000. Guillaume is best known for co-writing Le fabuleux destin d' Amélie Poulain, which was nominated for five Academy Awards including Best Original Screenplay, with Jean-Pierre Jeunet. Works: La cité des infants perdus, Alien: Resurrection, Un samedi sur la terre, Effroyables jardins, Un long dimanche de financailles, Je m'appelle Elisabeth, Micmacs å titre-larigot, L' Extravagant Voyage du Jeune et Prodigieux T.S. Spivet and L' Homme Qui Rit. Recent collaborations include Taburin, based on Sempé's novel, and a new film for Jean-Pierre Jeunet. 





Scenic & Costume Design
David Zinn


DAVID ZINN
(Scenic & Costume Design)

Broadway: set design for The Humans (Tony Award); set and costume design for Fun Home (Tony nomination) and The Last Ship; costume design for Airline Highway (Tony nomination), Rocky, Other Desert Cities, Good People, In The Next Room… (Tony nomination), and Xanadu. Off-Broadway: includes set and costume design for The Flick, Circle Mirror Transformation, Placebo (Playwrights Horizons), costume design for Othello (NYTW), and set design for Hir (Playwrights Horizons).





Lighting Design
Jane Cox & Mark Barton


JANE COX
(Co-Lighting Design)

Broadway: Jitney,  The Color Purple, Noises Off, All the Way, Machinal, Picnic, Come Back, Little Sheba. Jane Cox is a member of the Monica Bill Barnes Company, has a longstanding relationship with the Oregon Shakespeare Festival, and is Director of the Theatre Program at Princeton University.

MARK BARTON 
(Co-Lighting Design)

Broadway: The Real Thing, Violet, The Realistic Joneses. Off-Broadway: Signature, Playwrights Horizons, Public, Roundabout, Elevator Repair Service, NYTW, TFANA, many others. Other NYC: Encores! Off-Center (NYCC), BAM, Juilliard Opera. Regional: A.R.T., Guthrie, Center Theater Group, La Jolla Playhouse, Yale Rep, Actors Theatre of Louisville, Long Wharf, Huntington, Berkeley Rep, many others. Obie Award for Sustained Excellence. markbartonlightingdesign.com





Sound Design
Kai Harada


KAI HARADA
(Sound Design)

Broadway: Allegiance, Gigi, Fun Home, On the Town, First Date, Follies (Tony, Drama Desk nominations) and Million Dollar Quartet. Other: Poster Boy (Williamstown); Beaches (Drury Lane); Brooklynite (Vineyard); Little Dancer, First You Dream (Kennedy Center); Zorro (Moscow; Atlanta); Hinterm Horizont (Berlin); Sweeney Todd, The Pirates of Penzance (Portland Opera); Head Over Heels and She Loves Me (Oregon Shakespeare Festival). Audio Consultant for the revival of Hedwig and the Angry Inch. Education: Yale University.





Projection Design
Peter Nigrini


PETER NIGRINI
(Projection Design)

Broadway (selected): Dear Evan Hansen, An Act of God, The Heidi Chronicles, The Best Man, Fela!, 9 to 5. Off-Broadway: Grounded and Here Lies Love (The Public Theater), Notes From Underground (TFANA). Elsewhere: The SpongeBob Musical (Chicago), Real Enemies (BAM), the Grace Jones Hurricane tour, Haroun and the Sea of Stories (NYC Opera), Blind Date (Bill T. Jones), Don Giovanni (Santa Fe Opera). Currently: Lucia di Lammermoor (Santa Fe Opera), Monsoon Wedding (Berkeley Rep).





Puppet Design
Amanda Villalobos


AMANDA VILLALOBOS
(Puppet Design)

is a puppet designer, fabricator and performer based in New York. Design credits include Amélie (Berkeley Rep), Hand to God (Berkeley Rep), Fondly, Collette Richland (NYTW), Ghost Rings (NYLA), and "Late Night with Seth Meyers." Performance credits: The Pee-wee Herman Show on Broadway, Arias with a Twist and Let Us Now Praise Susan Sontag. avpuppets.com





Hair & Wig Design
Charles G. LaPointe


CHARLES G. LaPOINTE
(Hair & Wig Design)

Over 50 Broadway shows including: On Your Feet, Hamilton, Doctor Zhivago, The Color Purple, Of Mice and Men, Violet, Sideshow, Elephant Man, After Midnight, Beautiful, Gentleman’s Guide to Love and Murder, Motown, Jekyll and Hyde, Clybourne Park, Bring It On, Newsies, The Mountaintop, Memphis, Lombardi, Fences, In the Heights, Jersey Boys, A Raisin in the Sun. “The Wiz Live!” (Emmy nomination).





Creative Consultant
Tony Taccone


TONY TACCONE
(Creative Consultant)

During Taccone's tenure as artistic director of Berkeley Rep, the Tony Award-winning non profit has earned a reputation as an international leader in innovative theatre. Taccone has staged more than 40 plays in Berkeley. He directed two shows that landed on Broadway: Bridge & Tunnel and Wishful Drinking.





Vocal Arrangements
Kimberly Grigsby &Daniel Messé


KIMBERLY GRIGSBY
(Music Director/Co-Vocal Arranger)

Broadway: Spider- Man: Turn Off the Dark; Spring Awakening; The Light in the Piazza; Caroline, or Change; The Full Monty; You’re a Good Man, Charlie Brown; and Twelfth Night. Off- Broadway: Here Lies Love, The Fortress of Solitude, Coraline, Mother Courage and Her Children, The Immigrant and Songs From an Unmade Bed. Other collaborations include "My Life Is a Fairy Tale" and "Orphan of Zhao," both with music & lyrics by Stephin Merritt; Telaio: Desdemona by Susan Botti; and Jeanine Tesori’s The Lion, the Unicorn and Me for Washington National Opera. She holds degrees from Southern Methodist University and Manhattan School of Music.

Daniel Messé
(Composer, Co-Lyricist/Co-Vocal Arranger)

is the founder/principal songwriter of the band Hem, which began as a DIY project in 2001 (Rabbit Songs), and has gone on to worldwide acclaim over the course of six studio albums. In 2009, The Public Theater tapped Hem to score Twelfth Night for Shakespeare in the Park (starring Anne Hathaway and Audra McDonald, dir. by Daniel Sullivan), for which they were nominated for a Drama Desk Award. Along with collaborator Mindi Dickstein, Dan has written four shows for Theatreworks USA, received a Jonathan Larson Grant from the American Theatre Wing and been commissioned by Playwrights Horizons to write a new full-length musical (Trip).





Casting
Jim Carnahan, C.S.A. Stephen Kopel, C.S.A.


Jim Carnah
(Casting)

is Roundabout’s Director of Artistic Development, where he has cast over 75 shows. Aside from Roundabout, he has cast over another 50 Broadway shows. This season on Broadway: Groundhog Day, The Price, The Cherry Orchard. Off-Broadway: If I Forget; Love, Love, Love. London: The Glass Menagerie, Nice Fish, Red Barn. Tour: Matilda, Fun Home.

Stephen Kopel, C.S.A.
(Casting)

Broadway: Sunday in the Park…, She Loves Me, Noises Off, Twentieth Century, Violet, Beautiful, The Winslow Boy, The Glass Menagerie, The Mystery of Edwin Drood, Harvey, Once, Anything Goes, Brief Encounter, The Scottsboro Boys, Sondheim on Sondheim, Hedda Gabler. Off-Broadway: Kingdom Come, The Robber Bridegroom, Invisible Thread, Indian Ink. Kopel currently serves as casting director for Roundabout Theatre Company & Encores! Off-Center.





Orchestrations
Bruce Coughlin


BRUCE COUGHLIN
(Orchestrations)

has orchestrated nearly 100 musicals and operas the world over including War Paint, The Light in the Piazza (co-orchestrator; Tony Award), 9 to 5, Grey Gardens, Urinetown, The Wild Party (Broadway), Assassins (London), Floyd Collins and Giant. Awards: Tony Award (plus two nominations), Obie, Drama Desk (plus eight nominations). brucecoughlin.com 





Music Coordinator
Dean Sharenow


Dean Sharenow
(Music Coordinator)

is both a music coordinator and album producer. Broadway: The Last Ship, Lysistrata Jones, Women on the Verge of a Nervous Breakdown. Off-Broadway: The Band’s Visit, Twelfth Night, The Total Bent, The Fortress of Solitude (The Public). Album producer/engineer: The Great Comet, Old Hats, Preludes, The Fortress of Solitude, Women on the Verge…, Bloody Bloody Andrew Jackson, Shaina Taub, David Sanborn, Stephen Lynch, David Yazbek. Grammy nominee: Best Engineering. 





Marketing Director
Nick Pramik

 
 





Advertising & Marketing
SpotCo

 
 





Press
Polk & Co.

 
 





Production Stage Manager
James Harker


JAMES HARKER
(Production Stage Manager)

Broadway includes Doctor Zhivago, Mothers and Sons, Grace, American Idiot, A Bronx Tale, The Lieutenant of Inishmore, The Pillowman, Proof, …Charlie Brown, Beauty and the Beast and Craig Lucas’ Prelude to a Kiss. Off-Broadway includes Nobody Loves You, Mark Stuart Dance Theatre’s Standard Time, 10 Million Miles, What the Butler Saw and La Bohème with Linda Ronstadt. Nine seasons at Long Wharf Theatre.





Company Manager
Kimberly Shaw

 
 





Production Management
Aurora Productions


AURORA PRODUCTIONS
(Production Manager)

Current shows: The Book of Mormon (Broadway and national tour); Cats; The Curious Incident… (national tour); Hedwig and the Angry Inch (national tour); Matilda (national tour); School of Rock; The Present; and Hello, Dolly! Upcoming shows: A Doll’s House, Part 2; If I Forget; On the Exhale; Significant Other; Six Degrees of Separation; The Glass Menagerie; The Price; Anastasia; Frozen and Groundhog Day. Aurora has been providing technical supervision and production management to the entertainment industry since 1989. auroraprod.com 





General Management
Richards/Climan, Inc.


Richards/Climan, Inc.
(General Manager)

Founded in 1997 by David R. Richards and Tamar Climan. Current Broadway credits include Anastasia, Significant Other and the national tour of Cabaret. Select previous credits: Fiddler on the Roof (Broadway and upcoming 2018 tour), The Visit, You Can’t Take It With You, All the Way, Bullets Over Broadway, Lady Day at Emerson’s Bar & Grill, Rodgers + Hammerstein’s Cinderella (Broadway and national tour), The Gershwins’ Porgy and Bess (Broadway and national tour).







Associate Producers

 
 





Lauren Heirigs


LAUREN HEIRIGS
(Associate Producer)

joined Harbor Entertainment in 2014. She is a proud graduate of Wagner College.





Stephanie Cowan


STEPHANIE COWAN
(Associate Producer)

is a New York-based producer and dramaturg. She is Director of Development at Triptyk Studios, where she specializes in cultivating new works for film, television and stage. Upcoming projects include: "Freedom Run," "Big Dead Place," To Die For. Love and thanks to Triptyk, my family and Stef.





YL Entertainment & Sports Corp.


YL ENTERTAINMENT & SPORTS CORP.
(Associate Producer)

China's leading integrated entertainment platform with superior capabilities in ticketing services, film distribution, promotion of live entertainment and sporting events. As one of the significant sectors, YL Live is designed to enhance the quality of China's live entertainment industry by cultivating and introducing premium live content across all entertainment genres.






Nelke Planning Co. Ltd


NELKE PLANNING CO. LTD
(Associate Producer)

Founded 1994, Nelke has established Japan’s original theatrical live performance genre, “2.5-Dimensional Musicals,” which are theatrical presentations based on Japanese manga comics, animation and video games, under the leadership of Mr. Makoto Matsuda. Many of Nelke’s “2.5-D” shows have successfully played in major cities in Japan, China, Korea, Malaysia and Singapore.





Disk Garage


DISK GARAGE
(Associate Producer)

produces and operates concert, sports, theatre and other events mainly in the Tokyo Metropolitan Area, and is ranked among the top three companies in the industry. Past productions include War Horse, Dreamgirls and Rent, as well as rock/pop concerts by top Japanese artists. Founded by Takeo Nakanishi in 1969.





Tsinghua Culture Media Corp.


TSINGHUA CULTURE MEDIA CORP.
(Associate Producer)

Founded by a circle of entrepreneurs consisting of Taiwan’s Tsinghua University alumni. Primary business: representation and management, as well as investment and production in film, television, theater and music industries. TCMC aims on building a cultural economic ecosystem in Asia, as well as bridging entertainment markets between East and West.







Stage Manager
Cherie B. Tay


CHERIE B. TAY
(Stage Manager)

Broadway includes Doctor Zhivago, Bring It On, August: Osage County. National tours: War Horse, In the Heights. London: Shakespeare’s Globe, National Theatre. Regional: La Jolla Playhouse, Walnut St. Theatre, Arden Theatre. Indebted to those who have filled my life with love and light. Much thanks to Jim and Kelly. cheriebtay.com





Music Director
Kimberly Grigsby


KIMBERLY GRIGSBY
(Musical Director/Co-Vocal Arranger)

Broadway: Spider-Man: Turn Off The Dark; Spring Awakening; The Light in the Piazza; Caroline, or Change; The Full Monty; You’re A Good Man, Charlie Brown; and Twelfth Night. Off-Broadway: Here Lies Love; The Fortress of Solitude; Coraline; Mother Courage and Her Children; The Immigrant; and Songs From an Unmade Bed. Other collaborations include My Life Is A Fairy Tale and Orphan of Zhao, both with music & lyrics by Stephin Merritt; Telaio: Desdemona by Susan Botti; and Jeanine Tesori’s The Lion, The Unicorn and Me for Washington National Opera. She holds degrees from Southern Methodist University and Manhattan School of Music.





Musical Staging & Choreography
Sam Pinkleton


SAM PINKLETON
(Musical Staging & Choreography)

Broadway: Natasha, Pierre & the Great Comet of 1812; Significant Other; Heisenberg and Machinal. Off-Broadway/regional: BAM, Roundabout, MTC, Playwrights Horizons, Soho Rep, Center Theatre Group, TFANA, Berkeley Rep, American Repertory Theater, Kansas City Rep, Theatreworks USA, Actors Theatre of Louisville and McCarter Theatre. Sam is a collaborating artist with The Civilians, Pig Iron Theatre Company and The Dance Cartel. He is Artistic Associate for City Center Encores! Off-Center, where he recently directed Runaways, and a co-founder of The Ghostlight Project. sampinkleton.com.





Directed by
Pam MacKinnon


PAM MacKINNON
(Director)

Broadway: David Mamet’s China Doll, Wendy Wasserstein’s The Heidi Chronicles, Edward Albee’s A Delicate Balance, Edward Albee’s Who’s Afraid of Virginia Woolf? (Tony Award, Drama Desk Award, Outer Critics Circle nomination; Arena Stage, Steppenwolf), Bruce Norris’ Clybourne Park (Tony nomination, Obie Award, Lortel nomination; CTG, Playwrights Horizons). Extensive Off-Broadway and regional work, including Amélie (CTG; Berkeley). Alumna of the Drama League; Women’s Project and Lincoln Center Directors Labs; associate artist of Roundabout; board president of the Society of Stage Directors and Choreographers; and board chair of Clubbed Thumb, a New York company dedicated to producing, commissioning and developing new American plays.



















































SIGN UP FOR AMÉLIE'S MAILING LIST

Enter your email below to receive updates and offers:



SUBMIT













Privacy Policy

What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, subscribe to our newsletter or fill out a form.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, physical address and/or telephone number. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in connection with contests, promotions, advertisements, inquiries, surveys, newsletters, e-news and/or other site features.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit, or access your personal information.
Do we use cookies?
Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information).
We use cookies to compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We may share your information in connection with other productions, cultural institutions and/or live events as well as with third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We value your privacy and have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our online privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us at this email address: info@ameliebroadway.com

































      





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft

















        
    Roofing Contractors - Denver & Boulder, Colorado Accredited Businesses

    







































Denver & Boulder, Colorado Home /
                BBB Accredited Business Directory / 
                Roofing Contractors




Accredited Business Sponsors










                            JMW Roofing
















                            A to Z Roofing
















                            Interstate Roofing, Inc.
















                            Apollo Roofing and Repairs LLC
















                            Apex Restoration & Roofing
















                            Roof Evolution LLC
















                            National Home Improvement, Inc.
















                            1 American Roofing Co.
















                            Armour Roofing & Exteriors
















                            J & K Roofing, Inc.
















                            Advanced Exteriors, Inc.
















                            Mountain States Home Improvement















                BBB Accredited Business Directory
            
Businesses you can trust in Denver & Boulder, Colorado

Roofing Contractors








Category 

Category
Business Name







            near
        




  





denver
accredited-business-directory
Auto Search
Auto Location













Back to Map




Filter results





Are you looking for?


Roof Cleaning & Stain Removal


Roof Decks


Roof Structures


Roofing Equipment & Supplies


Roofing Materials


Roofing Service Consultants


Show More...




by City / Location:


Denver, CO


Aurora, CO


Littleton, CO


Lakewood, CO




by Content:


View Listings with Coupons & Special Offers







Results for:
Roofing Contractors
    
           in Denver & Boulder, Colorado





BBB
















					Roofcorp


6890 S Tucson Way Ste 106 Centennial, CO 80112
(map)


303-766-2444   


				BBB Accredited since
								2006
				
			





BBB Business Profile



38
        Customer Reviews



        Request a Quote


About









BBB
















					1 American Roofing Co.


4277 N 109th St Lafayette, CO 80026
(map)


720-203-2900   


				BBB Accredited since
								2010
				
			





BBB Business Profile



1
        Customer Review



        Request a Quote


About









BBB
















					All Around Roofing and Exteriors, Inc


1440 S Monroe St Denver, CO 80210
(map)


303-421-7663   


				BBB Accredited since
								2016
				
			





BBB Business Profile



12
        Customer Reviews



        Request a Quote









BBB
















					A Smith Construction, Inc.


9216 Aspen Creek Pt Highlands Ranch, CO 80129
(map)


303-346-1840   


				BBB Accredited since
								2009
				
			





BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote


About









BBB
















					Quality Roofing Company


2800 Locust St Denver, CO 80207
(map)


303-419-7276   


				BBB Accredited since
								2008
				
			





BBB Business Profile



3
        Customer Reviews



        Request a Quote









BBB
















					JMW Roofing


5715 W Mississippi Ave Lakewood, CO 80226
(map)


303-935-6119   


				BBB Accredited since
								1991
				
			





BBB Business Profile



1
        Customer Review



        Request a Quote


About









BBB
















					Roof Evolution LLC


5696 S Cedar St Littleton, CO 80120
(map)


720-334-7311   


				BBB Accredited since
								2014
				
			





BBB Business Profile



10
        Customer Reviews



        Request a Quote


About











BBB
















					1 ALL IN 1 Exteriors, LLC


922 S Dearborn Way Apt 7 Aurora, CO 80012
(map)


720-276-5132   


				BBB Accredited since
								2013
				
			





BBB Business Profile



2
        Customer Reviews



        Request a Quote









BBB
















					1 American Roofing Co.


4277 N 109th St Lafayette, CO 80026
(map)


720-203-2900   


				BBB Accredited since
								2010
				
			





BBB Business Profile



1
        Customer Review



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					1 Source Home  Improvements


2650 S Vaughn Way Unit C 16th Fairway at HeatherRidge Aurora, CO 80014
(map)


303-242-5928   


				BBB Accredited since
								2000
				
			





BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					1-derful Roofing & Restoration


9858 W Girton Dr Lakewood, CO 80227
(map)


303-984-7663   


				BBB Accredited since
								2007
				
			





BBB Business Profile



1
        Customer Review



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					1st Choice Roofing & Exteriors, Inc


1235 York St Denver, CO 80206
(map)


303-733-7663   


				BBB Accredited since
								2016
				
			





BBB Business Profile



2
        Customer Reviews



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					1st Colorado Roofing


5815 W 6th Ave Unit 2A Lakewood, CO 80214
(map)


303-948-5556   


				BBB Accredited since
								2011
				
			





BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					1st Priority Roofing LLC


7208 S Tucson Way Ste 195 Centennial, CO 80112
(map)


720-271-3718   


				BBB Accredited since
								2011
				
			





BBB Business Profile



7
        Customer Reviews



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					3 R Roofing, LLC


3131 7th St STE 220 Boulder, CO 80304
(map)


303-444-5640   


				BBB Accredited since
								2000
				
			





BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					303-933-ROOF


5912 S Cody St STE 115 Littleton, CO 80123
(map)


303-933-9262   


				BBB Accredited since
								2010
				
			





BBB Business Profile



9
        Customer Reviews



        Request a Quote


More















BBB








 





					4:13 Exteriors


6170 Cheetah Chase Lone Tree, CO 80124
(map)


720-429-1497   


				BBB Accredited since
								2013
				
			





BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote


More















BBB








 





					4th Dimension Concepts


1730 S Abilene St  Aurora, CO 80012
(map)


303-324-3418   


				BBB Accredited since
								2013
				
			





BBB Business Profile



24
        Customer Reviews



        Request a Quote









BBB
















					5280 Creative Construction Solutions


9383 Dauntless Way Conifer, CO 80433
(map)


720-724-6862   


				BBB Accredited since
								2017
				
			





BBB Business Profile



2
        Customer Reviews



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					5280 Exteriors


8200 E Pacific Pl STE 301 Denver, CO 80231
(map)


303-741-8109   


				BBB Accredited since
								2011
				
			





BBB Business Profile



3
        Customer Reviews



        Request a Quote


More















BBB
















					5280 Roofing & Exteriors, Inc


8376 S Upham #B-105 Littleton, CO 80127
(map)


720-382-5280   


				BBB Accredited since
								2010
				
			





BBB Business Profile



1
        Customer Review



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					5280 Roofing LLC


10200 E Girard Ave STE C155 Denver, CO 80231
(map)


720-515-2424   


				BBB Accredited since
								2012
				
			





BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					5280 Seamless Gutters, LLC


9289 Federal Blvd Denver, CO 80260
(map)


303-521-5056   


				BBB Accredited since
								2017
				
			





BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					A & H Roofing, LLC


12988 County Road 4 Brighton, CO 80603
(map)


303-659-8088   


				BBB Accredited since
								1999
				
			





BBB Business Profile



1
        Customer Review



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					A & S Services LLC


PO Box 186 Morrison, CO 80465
(map)


303-940-2599   


				BBB Accredited since
								2013
				
			





BBB Business Profile



2
        Customer Reviews



        Request a Quote









BBB
















					A - Denver Roofing


5335 Federal Blvd Denver, CO 80221
(map)


303-455-3185   


				BBB Accredited since
								1999
				
			





BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					A Good Roofer, Inc.


6661 S Logan St Centennial, CO 80121
(map)


303-797-2631   


				BBB Accredited since
								2009
				
			





BBB Business Profile



2
        Customer Reviews



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					A Grade Property Solutions, LLC


10514 Wildlife Way Littleton, CO 80125
(map)


303-880-1167   


				BBB Accredited since
								2016
				
			





BBB Business Profile



2
        Customer Reviews



        Request a Quote


More















BBB
















					A LeakFinder Roofing , LLC


PO Box 22423 Denver, CO 80222
(map)


303-368-7368   


				BBB Accredited since
								2012
				
			





BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB
















					A Reliable Roofer


7180 S Wenatchee Way Unit D Aurora, CO 80016
(map)


303-435-6028   


				BBB Accredited since
								2016
				
			





BBB Business Profile



1
        Customer Review



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					A Repair Guy, Inc.


PO Box 1072 Castle Rock, CO 80104
(map)


303-814-2424   


				BBB Accredited since
								2008
				
			





BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB
















					A Smith Construction, Inc.


9216 Aspen Creek Pt Highlands Ranch, CO 80129
(map)


303-346-1840   


				BBB Accredited since
								2009
				
			





BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB
















					A to Z Roofing


4251 S Natches Ct Ste K Englewood, CO 80110
(map)


303-781-8185   


				BBB Accredited since
								1994
				
			





BBB Business Profile



6
        Customer Reviews



        Request a Quote


More















BBB








 





					A Touch of Color Painting


69517 E Briarwood Pl Byers, CO 80103
(map)


303-564-6960   


				BBB Accredited since
								2017
				
			





BBB Business Profile



4
        Customer Reviews



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					A+ Roofing Co.


P.O. Box 397 Erie, CO 80516
(map)


303-444-5539   


				BBB Accredited since
								2002
				
			





BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					A-Advanced Service Company


12211 W Alameda Pkwy STE 106 Lakewood, CO 80228
(map)


303-238-2978   


				BBB Accredited since
								1989
				
			





BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB
















					A1 Contracting


5039 S Federal BlvdSte 7 Englewood, CO 80110
(map)


720-230-1954   


				BBB Accredited since
								2016
				
			





BBB Business Profile



6
        Customer Reviews



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					AAA Total Discount Quality Roofing and Gutters


765 S Alton Way Unit 6B Aurora, CO 80247
(map)


720-938-5405   


				BBB Accredited since
								2011
				
			





BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					AAA-Total Discount Roofing


765 S Alton Way Unit 6B Denver, CO 80247
(map)


720-938-5405   


				BBB Accredited since
								2002
				
			





BBB Business Profile



2
        Customer Reviews



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					Aaark Total Home Services


5050 Fox StSte A Denver, CO 80216
(map)


303-297-3000   


				BBB Accredited since
								1996
				
			





BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					AAM Roofing & Construction


PO Box 1328 Evergreen, CO 80437
(map)


303-670-0937   


				BBB Accredited since
								2009
				
			





BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB
















					AB Roofing & Exteriors, LLC


7646 S Rosemary Cir Centennial, CO 80112
(map)


303-524-2547   


				BBB Accredited since
								2016
				
			





BBB Business Profile



1
        Customer Review



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					AB Services


894 S Quivas St Denver, CO 80223
(map)


303-477-5991   


				BBB Accredited since
								2011
				
			





BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					Above All Consultants, LLC


1412 W 104th Ave STE 102 Northglenn, CO 80234
(map)


303-944-3047   


				BBB Accredited since
								2010
				
			





BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					Above and Beyond Restoration LLC


11873 Phoebe St Parker, CO 80134
(map)


720-366-2827   


				BBB Accredited since
								2014
				
			





BBB Business Profile



2
        Customer Reviews



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					Academy Roofing


1610 Jasper St Aurora, CO 80011
(map)


303-360-0708   


				BBB Accredited since
								1984
				
			





BBB Business Profile



1
        Customer Review



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					Accent Roofing and Exteriors, LLC


8200 S Quebec St Ste A-3 Centennial, CO 80112
(map)


720-434-5000   


				BBB Accredited since
								2010
				
			





BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					Acclaim Roofing and Exteriors LLC


5024 W 69th Ave Westminster, CO 80030
(map)


303-947-5940   


				BBB Accredited since
								2010
				
			





BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB
















					Acclaimed Roofing of Colorado


878 S Lipan St Denver, CO 80223
(map)


303-592-7663   


				BBB Accredited since
								2010
				
			





BBB Business Profile



16
        Customer Reviews



        Request a Quote









BBB
















					Accurate Roofing and Masonry Services, LLC


211 Newport St Denver, CO 80220
(map)


303-907-9223   


				BBB Accredited since
								2015
				
			



Find us on:









BBB Business Profile



6
        Customer Reviews



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					Ace Roofing & Construction Inc


1795 W. Yale Ave. Englewood, CO 80110
(map)


303-223-7663   


				BBB Accredited since
								2011
				
			





BBB Business Profile



1
        Customer Review



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					Ace Roofing, LLC


7801 S. Hill Dr. Littleton, CO 80120
(map)


720-620-5739   


				BBB Accredited since
								2015
				
			





BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote


More















BBB








 





					Adam's Roofing LLC


46374 Sunset View Way Parker, CO 80138
(map)


303-840-9239   


				BBB Accredited since
								2012
				
			





BBB Business Profile



2
        Customer Reviews



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					Adamstree Roofing & Construction, LLC


11919 I 70 Frontage Rd N Unit 111 Wheat Ridge, CO 80033
(map)


720-724-0081   


				BBB Accredited since
								2016
				
			





BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB
















					Adobe Roofing & Construction, LLC


30809 US Highway 40 Evergreen, CO 80439
(map)


303-904-9146   


				BBB Accredited since
								2015
				
			





BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB
















					Advanced Construction Roofing LLC


972 Poplar St Denver, CO 80220
(map)


720-216-0704   


				BBB Accredited since
								2017
				
			





BBB Business Profile



5
        Customer Reviews



        Request a Quote









BBB
















					Advanced Exteriors, Inc.


2200 S Valley Hwy Denver, CO 80222
(map)


303-756-7663   


				BBB Accredited since
								2007
				
			





BBB Business Profile



13
        Customer Reviews



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					Advanced Roofing Solutions


2245 Coyote Creek Dr Fort Lupton, CO 80621
(map)


303-257-9699   


				BBB Accredited since
								2013
				
			





BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					Advanced Roofing Systems, Inc.


3891 W Rutgers Pl Denver, CO 80236
(map)


303-734-1867   


				BBB Accredited since
								2004
				
			





BBB Business Profile



1
        Customer Review



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					Advantage Construction LLC


11958 S Allerton Cir Parker, CO 80138
(map)


720-458-1611   


				BBB Accredited since
								2014
				
			





BBB Business Profile



23
        Customer Reviews



        Request a Quote


More















BBB








 





					Advocate Construction, LLC


40 W Littleton Blvd Littleton, CO 80120
(map)


720-495-5447   


				BBB Accredited since
								2015
				
			





BBB Business Profile



3
        Customer Reviews



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					Affordable Roof Masters


11483 W Briarwood Dr Lakewood, CO 80226
(map)


303-827-8121   


				BBB Accredited since
								2015
				
			





BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB
















					Affordable Roofing & Construction LLC


5135 W 69th Ave Westminster, CO 80030
(map)


303-428-3140   


				BBB Accredited since
								2016
				
			





BBB Business Profile



1
        Customer Review



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					Aftermath Restoration Inc.


2080 W Barberry Pl Denver, CO 80204
(map)


720-501-3440   


				BBB Accredited since
								2017
				
			





BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB
















					AG Contractors, Inc.


5415 W 59th Ave Unit E Arvada, CO 80003
(map)


720-644-9176   


				BBB Accredited since
								2017
				
			





BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					AGR Roofing and Construction


1300 Carr St Lakewood, CO 80214
(map)


303-237-2632   


				BBB Accredited since
								2014
				
			





BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					Aim High Roofing LLC


7350 E Progress Pl Ste 100 Greenwood Vlg, CO 80111
(map)


303-376-6226   


				BBB Accredited since
								2017
				
			





BBB Business Profile









BBB








 





					AJ Boone Exteriors, Inc.


4245 S Cimarron Way Apt 416 Aurora, CO 80014
(map)


303-942-0732   


				BBB Accredited since
								2015
				
			





BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					All Angles Covered


3001 S Monroe St Denver, CO 80210
(map)


303-419-8784   


				BBB Accredited since
								2014
				
			





BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB
















					All Around Roofing and Exteriors, Inc


1440 S Monroe St Denver, CO 80210
(map)


303-421-7663   


				BBB Accredited since
								2016
				
			





BBB Business Profile



12
        Customer Reviews



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					All City Roofing


PO Box 737 Firestone, CO 80520
(map)


303-684-9195   


				BBB Accredited since
								2009
				
			





BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					All In One Contractors


14 Inverness Dr E STE A216 Englewood, CO 80112
(map)


303-663-5615   


				BBB Accredited since
								2000
				
			





BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					All Phase Restoration Denver LLC


12362 Dumont Way Littleton, CO 80125
(map)


303-749-5830   


				BBB Accredited since
								2012
				
			





BBB Business Profile



1
        Customer Review



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					All Star Roofing & Construction, Inc


7887 E Belleview Ave STE 1100 Denver, CO 80111
(map)


720-612-4744   


				BBB Accredited since
								2015
				
			





BBB Business Profile



3
        Customer Reviews



        Request a Quote









BBB
















					Allegiant Roofing and Restoration


6148 Vivian Ct Arvada, CO 80004
(map)


303-732-6625   


				BBB Accredited since
								2010
				
			





BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					Alliance Roofing, Inc.


15657 E Centretech Cir Aurora, CO 80011
(map)


720-859-1200   


				BBB Accredited since
								1996
				
			





BBB Business Profile



1
        Customer Review



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					Allied Exteriors


6909 S Holly Cir Ste 302 Centennial, CO 80112
(map)


303-630-9045   


				BBB Accredited since
								2012
				
			





BBB Business Profile



5
        Customer Reviews



        Request a Quote









BBB
















					AllStarr Roofing LLC


6140 S Gun Club Rd Ste K6-417 Aurora, CO 80016
(map)


720-854-9433   


				BBB Accredited since
								2017
				
			





BBB Business Profile



1
        Customer Review



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					Allstate Builders & Roofing LLC


9956 W Remington Pl Unit A10 Littleton, CO 80128
(map)


720-310-8311   


				BBB Accredited since
								2012
				
			





BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					Alpha Roofing LLC


12303 Airport Way Ste 200 Westminster, CO 80021
(map)


303-396-7287   


				BBB Accredited since
								2017
				
			





BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB
















					Alpine Roofing Co., Inc.


4780 York St Denver, CO 80216
(map)


303-295-7769   


				BBB Accredited since
								2014
				
			





BBB Business Profile



1
        Customer Review









BBB








 





					Altitude Contracting


3303 Tennyson St Denver, CO 80212
(map)


720-329-4113   


				BBB Accredited since
								2015
				
			





BBB Business Profile



10
        Customer Reviews



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					America Pro Roofing, LLC


10336 Dransfeldt Rd Unit 10 Parker, CO 80134
(map)


720-387-7906   


				BBB Accredited since
								2015
				
			





BBB Business Profile



14
        Customer Reviews



        Request a Quote


More















BBB








 





					America's Best Restoration and General Contracting, Inc.


7454 Ridgecrest Ln Morrison, CO 80465
(map)


303-719-8349   


				BBB Accredited since
								2015
				
			





BBB Business Profile



3
        Customer Reviews



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					American Building Contractors


10343 Federal Blvd # J-428 Westminster, CO 80260
(map)


303-282-8500   


				BBB Accredited since
								2006
				
			





BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					American Heritage Restoration


3380 S Knox Ct Englewood, CO 80110
(map)


855-322-2213   


				BBB Accredited since
								2012
				
			





BBB Business Profile



9
        Customer Reviews



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					American Remodeling, Inc.


5241 S Santa Fe Dr Littleton, CO 80120
(map)


303-781-1986   


				BBB Accredited since
								2000
				
			





BBB Business Profile



1
        Customer Review



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					American Roofing & Construction LLC


200 S. Wilcox St., #434 Castle Rock, CO 80104
(map)


303-681-9199   


				BBB Accredited since
								2012
				
			





BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					American West Roofing, Inc.


14400 Smith Rd Aurora, CO 80011
(map)


303-364-3647   


				BBB Accredited since
								2011
				
			





BBB Business Profile



2
        Customer Reviews



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					Anderson Builders LLC


6542 W Morraine Pl. Littleton, CO 80128
(map)


303-829-6276   


				BBB Accredited since
								2011
				
			





BBB Business Profile



11
        Customer Reviews



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					Anderson Design Group, LLC


745 S Dearborn Cir Aurora, CO 80012
(map)


720-277-1766   


				BBB Accredited since
								2017
				
			





BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB
















					Anyweather Roofing & Aluminum Construction


6066 W 55th Ave Arvada, CO 80002
(map)


303-234-1539   


				BBB Accredited since
								1996
				
			





BBB Business Profile



2
        Customer Reviews



        Request a Quote









BBB
















					Apex Restoration & Roofing


7332 S Alton Way Ste13k Englewood, CO 80112
(map)


720-285-7366   


				BBB Accredited since
								2011
				
			





BBB Business Profile



12
        Customer Reviews



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					Apex Roofing and Remodeling Inc


10682 W Alameda Ave Lakewood, CO 80226
(map)


303-974-6787   


				BBB Accredited since
								2013
				
			





BBB Business Profile



3
        Customer Reviews



        Request a Quote









BBB
















					Apollo Roofing and Repairs LLC


17039 E Atlantic Pl Aurora, CO 80013
(map)


303-750-8999   


				BBB Accredited since
								2000
				
			





BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					Aquaduct Roof & Gutters


3345 W 44th Ave Denver, CO 80211
(map)


303-778-7663   


				BBB Accredited since
								2009
				
			



Find us on:












BBB Business Profile



2
        Customer Reviews



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					ARC Roofing


8400 E Crescent Pkwy STE 600 Greenwood Village, CO 80111
(map)


720-722-1945   


				BBB Accredited since
								2015
				
			





BBB Business Profile



3
        Customer Reviews



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					AREI LLC


7711 W 6th Ave Ste E Lakewood, CO 80214
(map)


303-825-7663   


				BBB Accredited since
								2009
				
			





BBB Business Profile



2
        Customer Reviews



        Request a Quote









BBB
















					Armor LLC


4175 Mulligan Dr Firestone, CO 80504
(map)


720-383-4660   


				BBB Accredited since
								2015
				
			





BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote


More















BBB
















					Armour Roofing & Exteriors


5255 S Rio Grande St Ste B Littleton, CO 80120
(map)


303-798-7663   


				BBB Accredited since
								2011
				
			





BBB Business Profile



4
        Customer Reviews



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					Arvada Roofing & Home Improvement Inc


7130 W 61st Ave Arvada, CO 80003
(map)


720-402-8039   


				BBB Accredited since
								2015
				
			





BBB Business Profile



2
        Customer Reviews



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					Arvada Roofing & Weatherproofing, Inc.


PO Box 741091 Arvada, CO 80006
(map)


303-422-2181   


				BBB Accredited since
								2009
				
			





BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					Arvada Roofing and Construction


5490 Garland St Arvada, CO 80002
(map)


303-432-2753   


				BBB Accredited since
								2008
				
			



Find us on:












BBB Business Profile



14
        Customer Reviews



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					ASAP Roofing (R)


1761 E 58th Ave Ste C Denver, CO 80216
(map)


855-901-7663   


				BBB Accredited since
								2012
				
			





BBB Business Profile



53
        Customer Reviews



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					Aspen Contracting, Inc.


1560 Broadway STE 2090 Denver, CO 80202
(map)


877-784-7663   


				BBB Accredited since
								2007
				
			





BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					ASPEN GROUP LTD


17258 E Lake Pl Aurora, CO 80016
(map)


303-419-0623   


				BBB Accredited since
								2016
				
			





BBB Business Profile



3
        Customer Reviews



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					Aspen Roofing & Exteriors LLC


140 Sheridan Blvd Ste 306 Lakewood, CO 80226
(map)


303-900-4116   


				BBB Accredited since
								2012
				
			





BBB Business Profile



7
        Customer Reviews



        Request a Quote









1
2
3
4
5
6
7


Coupon
ShowVendorContent









View Larger Map

























Filter by Business Name





X





 











Sponsored by



 












View BBB Business Review






























×













×













×













×











×
Request a Quote







email













