










 







SIGNALFIRE AFFILIATES BREAKOUT FUND, L.P. - Pooled Investment Fund- Signalfire Breakout Gp, L.L.C.  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









SIGNALFIRE AFFILIATES BREAKOUT FUND, L.P.

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    333 Bryant Street Suite 190 
    San Francisco, CA, 94107Phone: 415-596-4210 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-11-17


New


Yet to Sell


$0


Other


06b 3C 3C.1


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 General Partner Signalfire Breakout Gp, L.L.C. 
 Promoter 















SIGNALFIRE BREAKOUT FUND, L.P. - Pooled Investment Fund- Signalfire Breakout Gp, L.L.C.  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









SIGNALFIRE BREAKOUT FUND, L.P.

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    333 Bryant Street, Suite 190  
    San Francisco, CA, 94107Phone: 415-596-4210 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-12-22


Amended


$101,572,561


$101,572,561


Other


06b 3C 3C.7


SEC link




	2016-09-08


New


Yet to Sell


$0


Other


06b 3C 3C.1


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 General Partner Signalfire Breakout Gp, L.L.C. 
 Promoter 












Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version



















SignalFire raises $101.6 mln for fund II, breakout fund - PE Hub























































SUBSCRIBE TO PE HUB WIRE
Join over 60,000 of your peers
Get the must-read email for PE/VC professionals delivered to your inbox daily
        — for free!







US Edition (daily)



Canada Edition (weekly)


We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties.


I accept the Terms and Conditions




SUBSCRIBE YES! No






RegisterSign in



A Community for Professionals in Private Capital



































SignalFire raises $101.6 mln for fund II, breakout fund


December 22, 2016
By Eamon Murphy



Print
Email





Share via email


Separate multiple email addresses with commas

Share
Send me a copy



Email preview

To: 
From: 
Subject: Look at this story on PE HUB
SignalFire raises $101.6 mln for fund II, breakout fund
SignalFire has raised $101.6 million, according to two regulatory filings. Based in San Francisco, SignalFire is a venture firm that invests in seed-stage companies.
Continue reading on PE HUB
 writes: 



















SignalFire has raised $101.6 million, according to two regulatory filings, one for SignalFire Fund II, L.P. and another for SignalFire Breakout Fund, L.P. Based in San Francisco, SignalFire is a venture firm that invests in seed-stage companies.

Print
Email





Share via email


Separate multiple email addresses with commas

Share
Send me a copy



Email preview

To: 
From: 
Subject: Look at this story on PE HUB
SignalFire raises $101.6 mln for fund II, breakout fund
SignalFire has raised $101.6 million, according to two regulatory filings. Based in San Francisco, SignalFire is a venture firm that invests in seed-stage companies.
Continue reading on PE HUB
 writes: 














DON'T MISS OUT! Meet new and diverse managers in private equity, venture capital and real estate at the third Emerging Manager Connect East at New York City's Harvard Club. CLICK HERE FOR DETAILS!  









Sign up to our Newsletter

Receive updates from our PE HUB Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters:


First Name:



Last Name:



Email Address:




US Edition (daily)



Canada Edition (weekly)


We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties.


I accept the Terms and Conditions









You are now subscribed to the PEHub Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters. 




Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC produces several free newsletters that are sent directly to the email you provide at registration (namely, PE Hub Wire, PE Hub Canada Wire, PE Hub Wire Top Story of the Week, Buyouts Daily, and VCJ Alert). To enable us to keep providing these services free of charge, we reserve the right to contact you with special invitations to sample or purchase private equity-related products. 
By submitting this free subscription request for any of these products, you are also consenting to this communication. Should you ever wish to unsubscribe from a particular communication you may activate the unsubscribe mechanism at the bottom of the email. This will discontinue both the special invitations mentioned previously, as well as your subscription to the weekly newsletter. The information you provide will be safeguarded by Argosy Group LLC/Buyouts Insider. The company’s subsidiaries may use it to keep you informed of relevant products and services. We occasionally allow reputable companies outside of the company to mail details of products which may be of interest to you. As an international group, we may transfer your data on a global basis for the purposes indicated above. 
WE WILL NEVER SHARE YOUR EMAIL OR CONTACT DETAILS WITH ANY OUTSIDE COMPANY HOWEVER.

			    Should you have any questions please do not hesitate to contact us: [email protected].
	    	

 




Top Posts New oil and gas company Native racks up $140 mln
by Iris Dorbian

KKR to buy Nature’s Bounty from Carlyle
by Luisa Beltran

BlackRock leads funding round for fintech platform iCapital
by Iris Dorbian

Platinum Equity to buy United Site Services
by Luisa Beltran

The PE HUB Podcast, Episode Two
by Staff Report

Private Equity Jobs of the Week: Priceline, KPMG, NovaQuest are hiring
by Eamon Murphy

The carve-out curveball
by peHUBlogger Network

Raymond James expands team with new hire
by Iris Dorbian

 































SIGNALFIRE BREAKOUT FUND, L.P. - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











SIGNALFIRE BREAKOUT FUND, L.P.
List of persons related to the company SIGNALFIRE BREAKOUT FUND, L.P.. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of SIGNALFIRE BREAKOUT FUND, L.P..

CIK Number: 0001683888Company address: 333 BRYANT STREET, SUITE 190  SAN FRANCISCO 94107Phone number: 415-596-4210



People related to SIGNALFIRE BREAKOUT FUND, L.P.
NamePositionStreetCityCountryGENERAL PARTNER  SIGNALFIRE BREAKOUT GP, L.L.C.333 BRYANT STREET, SUITE 190 SAN FRANCISCOCA




SIGNALFIRE BREAKOUT FUND, L.P. on the Web
Related companiesSIGNALFIRE AFFILIATES BREAKOUT FUND, L.P., SIGNALFIRE AFFILIATES FUND II, L.P., SIGNALFIRE AFFILIATES FUND, L.P., SIGNALFIRE FUND II, L.P., SIGNALFIRE FUND, L.P.












 








	Issuer Information: SignalFire Breakout Fund, L.P.
























Advanced Search



Home|
eServices|
Related Links|
InvestRight|
Careers|
Contact Us





For Companies
For Registrants
Marketplaces, SROs & Clearing Agencies
Investor Education








Securities Law


Act, Regulations & Rules




Instruments & Policies


1 - Procedure & Related Matters 


2 - Certain Capital Market Participants 


3 - Registration Requirements & Related Matters 


4 - Distribution Requirements 


5 - Ongoing Requirements for Issuers & Insiders 


6 - Takeover Bids & Special Transactions 


7 - Securities Transactions Outside the Jurisdiction 


8 - Investment Funds 


9 - Derivatives 


National Policy Statements (NPS) 




Other Historical Instruments & Policies




Forms




BC Notices




Requests for Comment




Applying for an Exemption




Exemption Orders




Derivatives Trade Reporting






About Issuers


Reporting Issuers List




Reporting Issuers in Default List


Changes to the Reporting Issuers in Default List 




Cease Traded Reporting Issuers List




Exempt Distributions Summary






Enforcement


Hearings




Notices of Hearing & Temporary Orders




Decisions




Settlements




Halt Trade Orders




Cease Trade Orders




Criminal Enforcement




Disciplined Persons List




Investment Caution List




Returning Funds to Investors




Sanction Payment Status Report






About Us


Who We Are


Mission, Values & Overall Benefits 


Funding & Accountability 


Governance 


Commissioners 


Organizational Chart 




Stakeholders & Partners




Publications




Events




Speeches




Industry Education




Investor Education




Subscriptions




Careers




Contact Us






News


News Releases




Media Room




Weekly Reports
















Home

> 

About Issuers

 
















TEXT SIZE


















Securities Law



        About Issuers
    


Reporting Issuers List


Reporting Issuers in Default List




Changes to the Reporting Issuers in Default List



Cease Traded Reporting Issuers List


Exempt Distributions Summary








SignalFire Breakout Fund, L.P.





Head Office:333 Bryant Street, Suite 190Gawain Chan, Counsel, San Francisco, CA   94107       USA 



Previous Name(s):
N/A


Year End: 





Reporting Since: 



Principal Regulator: 













Status




               For Public Disclosure Records, visit SEDAR.com













Regulatory Details

Default History
Nothing on File


Insiders

SEDI is the System for Electronic Disclosure by Insiders, established by securities regulatory authorities. SEDI facilitates
the filing and public dissemination of insider reports in electronic format via the Internet and the SEDI website.

SEDI website
Background information about SEDI at the CSA website
SEDI Help

Offerings & Distributions

Exempt Distributions


Showing 1 records as of 2017-07-28 12:00:00 AM




Exemption
Document Type
Distribution From
Distribution To
$ Amount Raised
Filing Date



NI 45-106 2.3


Report


2016-12-20


2016-12-20


2,020,159.31


                     2016-12-28
                


Exempt Applications & Orders
Nothing on File












© 2017 British Columbia Securities Commission


Home|
Subscribe|
Site Map|
Legal|
Contact Us









SignalFire






















From Day One to Global Scale.

              We built a venture capital firm the same way founders build companies: by focusing relentlessly on what the market needs. Every startup needs exceptional talent, advice, and access. We’ve built the first scalable venture firm that provides all three, no matter where you are in your journey.
            


Our Story







We've built a venture capital firm from first principles to serve entrepreneurs

          We built SignalFire to solve the pain points that entrepreneurs face when they start and as they scale. Our DNA is technology and product — just like the companies we invest in — which means we have a fundamentally different approach to venture capital. We've built SignalFire end-to-end on a real-time data platform, supporting our founders with market intelligence and accelerating their ability to find exceptional talent. But data is only part of the story: our founders also access a deep network of Advisors who are invested in their success, and receive support from a cross-functional team day in and day out.
        
SignalFire has $375M under management and focuses on investing at two stages of a company's lifecycle:


Seed Fund
We lead seed-stage and small Series A investments up to $5M, bringing concentrated resources at the earliest stages.

Breakout Fund
We invest up to $15M in companies that are “breaking out,” ready to accelerate and expand their market-leading positions. 


          We are high-conviction investors who don't follow the crowd.  We are also active engineers and product builders focused on using the latest technologies to equip our founders with the best resources to build enduring companies.
        

You can read more about SignalFire on our  Medium page.






Our platform delivers focused, scalable support for the hardest problems in building a company:


Recruiting

Talent is the lifeblood of any great technology company and we've architected our firm to support our founders in building amazing teams.  We've built a proprietary recruiting platform that tracks and ranks the world's top engineers and designed it to scale, whether they're looking for the early foundational technical team or building a globally distributed engineering organization.  Our talent function is also led by one of the top talent partners in Silicon Valley and works with founders on talent strategy and making direct placements for key leadership roles. 


Expert Advice

Building enduring companies mean founders are often faced with new challenges they've never seen before.  We've built SignalFire with goal of supporting our founders through this journey by pre-wiring a network of world class experts across every key function and discipline. Our advisors are available on-demand to our founders and we've organized a program of office hours and educational events so founders get the best advice when they need it.


Corporate Network
Key customer or partner introductions can often accelerate a company's progress, and we've built a dedicated market develop function with two full-time partners to connect our founders with a vast corporate network.  Through regular programs and direct introductions, we connect founders with VP and C-Level contacts spanning most of the Fortune 100 and across a wide range of industries, geographies, and functions. 






Our Team

ALL
ENGINEERING
INVESTMENT
PORTFOLIO OPS





Our Advisors
          Our Fund Advisors are available for targeted 1:1 coaching by request across almost every key function.
          
ALL
ENGINEERING
PRODUCT
OPS
SALES
CONSUMER
ENTERPRISE
INTERNATIONAL





Our Community

ALL
CONSUMER
ENTERPRISE





Press Inquiries
          Please email press@signalfire.com for press inquiries.
          
Follow Us






Recent Media

Medium - From Day One to Global Scale
          
Wall Street Journal - SignalFire Raises $330 Million for Data-Centric Venture Capital
          
Wall Street Journal - Venture-Capital Firms Use Big Data to Seek Out the Next Big Thing
          
Bloomberg - SignalFire CEO on Company’s Data-Driven VC Methodology
          
Twenty Minute VC - Chris Farmer @ SignalFire
          
TechCrunch - Watch Out, VCs: Chris Farmer Plans To Massively Disrupt The Industry
          








Chris Farmer : Prior to founding SignalFire, Chris was a Venture Partner with General Catalyst Partners (2010–13), where he played a significant role in establishing the California office. He led GC's successful seed investment program.<br><br>Chris was previously a Vice President with Bessemer Venture Partners (2005–09) where he led investments in digital media and mobile companies. Prior to Bessemer, Chris was a Consultant with Bain & Company where he advised on technology buyouts. <br><br>Earlier in his career, Chris was a successful entrepreneur. Chris spearheaded the turnaround of Skybitz, a wireless-enabled SaaS company that was acquired by Telular Corporation. He led product management, recruited the executive team, and was responsible for finance and business development. Chris conceived, designed, and launched products and services that drove over $35M in annual revenue and $5M in profit. <br><br>Previously, Chris founded an investment advisory firm for angel investors and private equity funds. Chris began his career on Wall Street in the private equity group of Cowen & Company. <br><br>Chris received a B.A. from Tufts University where he studied international relations and business at Tufts and the Fletcher School of Diplomacy as part of a personally designed program.  He received High Honors for his thesis on the policy implications and competitive dynamics of Internet marketplaces. His extensive research on best practices in venture capital has been published in Harvard Business Review, Institutional Investor, The Journal of Private Equity, as well as other leading publications. 
Ilya Kirnos : Prior to co-founding SignalFire, Ilya was a Software Engineer at Google (2004-2012). During his time at Google, Ilya held several technical leadership positions. He was a Technical Lead for Gmail Ads and was responsible for predicting consumer purchase intent and consumer Gmail monetization. Ilya was also a Technical Lead for AdWords Performance and Scalability where he managed responsiveness and uptime of the AdWords frontend. Prior to this, he performed due diligence on Google's acquisition of Urchin, which became Google Analytics. Ilya was also the founder and Technical Lead for Google Prediction Markets, where he led the engineering team from conception to product launch.<br><br>After Google, Ilya joined CardSpring, a payment platform company backed by Accel and Greylock Partners. At CardSpring, Ilya led platform backend development.  CardSpring was acquired by Twitter.<br><br>Ilya started his software engineering career at Bell Labs and Oracle. Ilya graduated from Princeton University with a B.S.E. in Computer Science and a minor in Applied Mathematics. 
Walter Kortschak : Walter joined SignalFire at inception as one of the first advisors and in 2016 took on a more active role to serve on the investment committee of both funds, help guide strategy and serve as a mentor to the investment staff.<br><br>Walter has been a venture capital and private equity investor for over 32 years, including 26 years at Summit Partners as a Managing Partner responsible for establishing the firm’s West Coast investment presence and growing the firm from $100 million under management to over $20 billion. Prior to Summit, he was a Vice President and Associate at Crosspoint Venture Partners and is a six-time Forbes Midas List investor. He started his professional career as a software engineer in the computer graphics industry.<br><br>Over his venture capital career, Walter has served as a director of over 50 companies, many of which achieved successful public exits. He has also served as a fund advisor to several micro-VC firms in Silicon Valley and is an active angel investor in such notable companies as AltSchool, First Republic Bank, Lyft, Palantir, Trade Desk and Twitter.<br><br>Walter is a co-founder of EndCue, a hybrid technology software and film development and production company with his son, Andrew.<br><br>Walter received a BS from Oregon State University, an MS from Caltech, both in engineering, and an MBA from UCLA. He serves as a member of the Board of Trustees at Caltech and is a past director of the National Venture Capital Association.<br><br>Outside of investing, he spends time on his ranch on the north shore of Kauai, which has the distinction as the film location for Jurassic Park.
Tony Huie : Tony is a Managing Director at SignalFire and focuses on venture and growth stage investments.  He’s spent the bulk of his career helping companies grow through a mix of operating and investing roles.  <br><br>Prior to SignalFire, Tony was an early executive at Dropbox where he helped scale the company from the 50 person startup phase to 1500+ employees, 500m+ users, and offices all around the world.  He helped build and lead many of Dropbox’s first teams in sales, marketing, growth, people, product, bizops, finance, and biz dev.  He also led Dropbox’s international teams that helped serve the 70%+ of Dropbox users and customers who are outside the US.<br><br>Earlier in his career, Tony worked with late stage companies as an investor at Technology Crossover Ventures and advised even later stage companies as a consultant at McKinsey & Company.  Tony graduated from Stanford University with a BS and MS in Electrical Engineering and grew up in a small town in Idaho where he lived next to a potato field.  
Alex Garden : Alex Garden is the co-Founder and co-CEO of California based Zume Pizza, Inc.  (www.zumepizza.com).<br><br>Until April of 2015, Alex served as the President of Zynga (NASDAQ:ZNGA).  Prior to Zynga, Alex was a General Manager at Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) where he led several businesses including Xbox LIVE, Xbox Music, Xbox Video and the Entertainment Advertising business.  <br><br>For six years, Alex served on the advisory board of Tokyo based Nexon (TYO:3659), one of the world's leading online Video Game companies.  Following his advisory term, Alex served as Nexon's co-CEO from 2006 to 2008 where he helped launch their North American development program.  <br><br>Prior to his term at Nexon, he founded Vancouver based game developer Relic Entertainment and served as its Chief Executive Officer for seven years leading up to Relic's acquisition by THQ, Inc. (NASDAQ:THQ) in 2004. <br><br>In addition to these roles:
Alex founded iVALET Systems Inc., a Vancouver BC based parking Management Company.
Alex founded Conceptual Interface Devices, a Vancouver BC based Industrial Robotics Control Company.  Sold in 1990 to Intersoft Development Corporation.<br><br>He previously served as a Director of OneMove Technologies Inc. (TSXV:OM) and currently serves as an advisor with numerous companies ranging from Seed, through Mature Growth stages of their development.<br><br>Outside of his other duties, Alex is a prolific inventor with patents ranging from Aerospace Optics, three-space control devices and disruptive innovations in the delivery food industry.  Mr. Garden lives in Tiburon, California with his wife, son and dog and enjoys building race cars, motorcycles and robots in their home machine shop.
Yujin Chung : Yujin joined SignalFire from Andreessen Horowitz, where he was the first Partner in the Market Development Group (2010–2015). He advised portfolio companies on go-to-market and business development strategy, and helped start the Executive Briefing Center (EBC), where he developed relationships with C-level executives of Fortune 500 & Global 2000. The EBC is a key differentiator, scaling several thousand meetings per year where executives shared perspectives on emerging trends and met portfolio companies for sales, partnership, and investment. Yujin also owned strategic relationships with key technology platforms including Apple, Google, Facebook, and Twitter.<br><br>Prior to Andreessen Horowitz, Yujin was Associate Director of Digital Strategy and Business Development at Warner Music (2006–08), where he led a CEO-priority negotiation on a major technology platform partnership, advised on digital partnerships spanning iTunes, YouTube, and emerging streaming startups, and recommended three strategic investments for review and execution.<br><br>Prior to Warner Music, Yujin was an Associate Consultant in the Private Equity Group of Bain & Co. (2004–06), where he completed due diligence on projects spanning consumer products and retail, and advised a $15B enterprise software client on growth strategy post-LBO.<br><br>Yujin received an MBA from the Wharton School at The University of Pennsylvania, and graduated from Cornell University with a B.S. and a MEng in Electrical and Computer Engineering.  At Cornell he was selected as one of the "Twenty-Five Most Influential Cornellians" and was President of Sphinx Head, the senior honor society.
Nick Zaharias : Before SignalFire, Nick spent 12 years as the founder & CEO of Field Check Group (2003-14), a “boots-on-the-ground” research firm where he built aggregate revenues of >$15M covering the enterprise software and consumer internet industry. His clients included a dozen of the most successful hedge funds & mutual funds in North America, with assets under management of over $60B. Before that, Nick was the Senior Editor and tech, media, & telecom lead at Off The Record/OTA (2002–03), where he managed a 20+ person technology research group.<br><br>Nick began his career in sales & business development at top startups. He was the Director of Business Development at Netscape Communications (1994-98), the Director of Business Development at RealNames (1999–2000), where he led the Google partnership that resulted in the first paid ads on Google, and the VP of Western Regional Sales at Covalent Technologies (2001-02). <br><br>Nick received a B.A. in Finance from Gonzaga University, where he was a two-sport athlete and the co-captain of the Division I men’s basketball team. 
Mike Mangini : Mike joined SignalFire in 2016 to lead the Executive and Technical Talent teams, focussed on developing relationships inside and outside the portfolio, and improving SignalFire’s proprietary Talent Tools.  <br><br>Prior to SignalFire, Mike led special projects executive recruiting initiatives for Facebook (2015–16), partnering directly with the senior leadership team to execute key strategic talent assignments and acquisitions.  <br><br>Mike joined Facebook from True Search where he was a Partner (2013–15), leading client engagements for venture-backed technology companies across multiple stages.  Operating in the same capacity, Mike was a Principal at Ignition Talent Group (2010–13) which merged practices with True.  As a retained recruiter, Mike completed over 50 assignments at the VP, CxO, EIR, XIR and Board levels. <br><br>Mike began his entrepreneurial career in 2002, where he was Founder & CEO of National Sports Exchange - an award winning Fantasy Sports company - acquired by ProTrade (Citizen Sports), which went on to later be acquired by Yahoo!.  Mike is a Bentley University graduate, earning a degree in Finance, and was a 4-year varsity soccer letterman. He lives with his wife and two kids in San Francisco, where their favorite past times are discovering new places to eat treats and pretending the Mission is one giant playground.
Jerry Ye : Before joining SignalFire, Jerry was Lead Data Scientist at Drawbridge (2011-2013), a leading ad tech startup backed by Sequoia Capital and Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers. Jerry architected and implemented a scalable machine learning system capable of training on terabytes of data, billions of samples, and millions of features on a daily basis. He was the optimization lead responsible for end-to-end development of click through rate, conversion rate, revenue, and real time bidding pricing models. He also led feature engineering, model tuning, A/B testing, and development of both offline model training and runtime application of models in real-time. <br><br>Jerry was previously a Senior Research Engineer at Yahoo Labs (2008-2011). His work focused on distributed, multi-threaded machine learning algorithms for large-scale data mining on Hadoop and MPI (Message Passing Interface), including algorithms for classification, regression, ranking, and clustering. He also worked on news content recommendations, particularly user profile construction. Jerry was honored with the Yahoo Super Star award in 2009 for his Relevance Ranking work, the highest honor within Yahoo.  His implementation of Gradient Boosted Decision Trees was the blender in the winning solution to the Netflix Grand Prize.<br><br>Jerry has filed three patent applications and has been published in top conferences. Jerry received a Masters in Information Management Systems and B.S.E. in Electrical Engineering and Computer Science from the University of California, Berkeley, where he was also a graduate student researcher and a lecturer in Data Science.  He was the recipient of the UC Berkeley School of Information Fellowship, Cal Opportunity Scholarship, Governor's Scholarship, and Marcus A. Foster Scholarship, and was named a Clorox Scholar.
Wayne Hu : Wayne joined SignalFire to help form the initial investment team in 2015, and leads seed stage investments focused on consumer, emerging technology platform shifts, and historically innovation-sparse sectors that can be reinvented end-to-end.<br><br>Previously, Wayne was one of five consultants at McKinsey & Co a year to receive a Global Institute Fellowship to join MGI, named the top think tank in the world by several top academic institutions for its research on macro forces and technology trends transforming the economy's largest sectors.  <br><br>Before joining SignalFire, Wayne was the Global Strategy Lead for YouTube ads monetization, responsible for go-to-market strategy formulation for Google's growing multi-billion-dollar video business.  Earlier in his career, Wayne was an operator in the education sector, managing a team responsible for turnaround initiatives within Chicago's public school system before transitioning into working and advising early stage ed tech companies.  <br><br>Wayne received an MBA from Harvard Business School while also working on the investment team at Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers, focused on sectors such as transportation, robotics, and marketplaces.  He graduated from Princeton University with a B.A in Mathematical Economics, Phi Beta Kappa, where he played on the men's tennis team. <br><br>Wayne was taught to code by his parents from rural Taiwan who immigrated to the US to become engineers.  While his first business selling TI-83 graphing calculator games built in Visual Basic did not pan out, today he lives out his childhood dreams by partnering with early-stage startups that are breaking down barriers to a more connected, open and educated society

Laurent Parmentier : Laurent joined SignalFire in 2017 to lead the firm’s research team, developing investment theses across various technology sectors and leveraging SignalFire’s proprietary data platform to distill insights for our corporate clients.<br><br>Prior to SignalFire, Lt was a Principal at The Boston Consulting Group where he spent 6 years advising CEOs and executive teams of leading companies across a wide range of industries. While at BCG, Lt traveled even more than most consultants, working on 5 different continents. He started his career in Brussels, did long term assignments in Asia, Africa and Australia, and then spent the last few years in New York. He was a core member of the Retail, Strategy and Operations practices.<br><br>Lt holds a BEng from University College London (jointly with the London School of Economics) and a MS from Stanford University, where he was a Fulbright Scholar.<br><br>On weekends, Lt can usually be found on a golf course, practicing to get back to his glory days when he was the youngest player on the Belgian National Golf Team. He is also unfortunately addicted to other expensive hobbies: collecting modern and vintage watches, as well as racing cars.
Susie Fu : Susie joined SignalFire in 2015 and divides her time between the investment, data, and product teams. <br><br>Prior to SignalFire, Susie was a management consultant in the Business Technology Office at McKinsey & Company. At McKinsey, Susie served Fortune 100 clients across a variety of sectors, from software and networking to healthcare and financial services. Susie led client relationships, analysis, and diligence in engagements ranging from partnership and operational strategy to organizational transformations. <br><br>Earlier in her career, Susie spent time as a product manager and product designer, helping to launch product re-branding for Outlook.com at Microsoft and was on the team tasked with releasing Samsung’s first Galaxy phone. <br><br>Susie received a B.S. in Electrical Engineering and Computer Science from MIT. As an undergraduate, Susie led UAV human-computer interactions research at the Humans and Automation Lab and data visualization research on data privacy at the Media Lab. Also at MIT, Susie co-founded the first MIT Hackathon, now one of the largest hackathons in the country, as well as ProjX, the first student led project fund on campus. <br><br>Susie is the proud owner of Taro, the Chief Woof Officer at SignalFire. You can often catch her watercoloring, hiking, knitting, or doing all three at the same time. 
Stephen Trusheim : Stephen joined SignalFire in 2015, where he focuses on investing in and improving human systems -- whether that's marketplaces, AI SaaS, or venture capital.<br><br>Before SignalFire, Stephen was an engineer and manager in financial technology: he spent four years managing operations at the ASSU, a nonprofit banking organization at Stanford University, where he was one of the first employees at StartX and co-founded the Cardinal Fund, the country's largest student endowment management program. <br><br>He's also worked as an engineer at Intel, designing low-power, always-on sensor suites, and at Standard Treasury, a Y-Combinator backed banking technology startup later acquired by SVB. He began his career at Access Genetics, where he implemented AI and CV systems to automate genetic testing and prevent hospital epidemics.<br><br>Stephen holds a B.S. and M.S. in CS/AI from Stanford, where he researched sentiment analysis, big data cybersecurity, and received multiple leadership awards.<br><br>He currently serves on the Federal Reserve Task Force on Faster Payments, the Federal Reserve Task Force on Secure Payments, and on the Finance and Audit Committee of the nonprofit Stanford Student Enterprises. According to his activity tracker, he spends most of his time outside work on a lake, tinkering with electronics, and playing grand strategy videogames. 
Jon Ma : Jon joined Signalfire in 2017 and focuses on venture and growth-stage investments.<br><br>Prior to joining SignalFire, Jon worked on the investment team at Insight Venture Partners, where he sourced and evaluated growth-stage software and internet investments. While at Insight, Jon developed data-driven tools that identified and scored fast-growing software companies for Insight’s investment team.<br><br>Before Insight, Jon worked on the products and data science team at Dataminr and co-founded a code school that teaches computer science to K-12 students.<br><br>Jon graduated summa cum laude from Princeton University with a degree in Economics and a certificate in Machine Learning and Statistics.  At Princeton, he served four terms as class president and wrote his thesis on applying machine learning to forecasting recessions. <br><br>In his spare time, Jon can be found on the basketball courts, attempting to realize his childhood dream of playing in the NBA. 
Adam Vogel : Adam joined SignalFire after completing his PhD in Computer Science at Stanford in the Natural Language Processing (NLP) group (2008–14). His research at Stanford focused on reinforcement learning, sentiment analysis, and situated language acquisition. Adam published research in top venues, including the Association for Artificial Intelligence, the International Conference on Machine Learning, and the Association for Computational Linguistics. As an intern at Honda Research Institute (2011), Adam was awarded a patent for methods of predicting driver routes to improve hybrid vehicle efficiency.<br><br>Before his PhD, Adam graduated with a B.S. in Computer Science, summa cum laude, from the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign (UIUC). While there, he published research in computational logic and reinforcement learning, and developed an early context-sensitive spelling correction application. Adam was also a Research Engineer at RiverGlass (2007–08), a data analytics startup serving law enforcement, where he developed an information extraction system for mining publicly available crime reports and police data. Before college, Adam completed research applying genetic algorithms to cryptography, which received top awards from the AI industry organization AAAI and Intel ISEF.<br><br>In his spare time Adam enjoys acting in comedic theater, playing classical piano, and listening to audiobooks while riding his bicycle.
Yuriy Groysman : Prior to joining SignalFire, Yuriy was a Data Scientist at Gild (2013), an innovative startup that applied predictive modeling on large-scale data to help hiring teams identify and recruit top candidates for technology jobs. Yuriy was the lead engineer for machine learning models that qualitatively measure career accomplishment of software engineers.<br><br>Previously, Yuriy received a PhD in Experimental Particle Physics from UC Berkeley (2000–2008) and conducted research at Lawrence Berkeley National Lab and SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory. He performed advanced statistical analyses on a 100-TB dataset collected at the PEP-II accelerator at SLAC, discovered a new rare particle decay and published academic research papers in Physical Review Letters and Physical Review D. His work was part of a multi-institution experimental verification of a fundamental particle physics theory for which 2008 Nobel Prize in Physics was awarded.<br><br>Yuriy has also been a world-class poker player and online gambling entrepreneur. He built some of the first AI tools for poker and casino games.
Howard Chen : Howard joined SignalFire after graduating from UC Berkeley, where he completed his B.A. in Computer Science. While at Berkeley, he was a student instructor for DS 8 (the data science core) and the co-creator and lead instructor of a web development course. He was also the president of Cal Blueprint, an organization that pairs CS students with local nonprofits to develop web and mobile applications. Prior to presidency,  he served as the technical lead for Blueprint's project with Project Homeless Connect, creating both a mobile application and a web API for their client intake.<br><br>Howard previously interned at Salesforce (2014), and Groupon (2015). At Salesforce, he built hybrid Javascript applications on the Salesforce1 Platform. At Groupon, he was a full-stack engineer on the Breadcrumb point-of-sale solution, where he created features to analyze and visualize large volumes of restaurant data.
Ashley Tupper : Once bestowed the great honor of being voted 'most punctual' by her peers, Ashley has brought her passion for logistics, planning and timeliness to her role as Director of Operations.<br><br>Prior to joining SignalFire, Ashley was an Engagement Administrator at True Search where she provided high-level administrative support to partners, clients and candidates across the United States and EMEA. Ashley joined True at a relatively early stage and supported the company through steady expansion and growth, assisting over 60 searches across growth stage software, internet, life sciences, and IT companies. <br><br>Before True, Ashley was a social & corporate event planner in New York City, where she worked within iconic institutions including the Empire State Building, The New York Public Library, and Council on Foreign Relations. Notably, Ashley was the first Events Manager for the Empire State Building, where she worked closely with ownership and management to develop a business model for corporate rental events. <br><br>An Arizona native and New Yorker at heart, Ashley has lived in the Bay Area for 5 years and enjoys hiking Lands End, yurting in Big Sur and exploring the Russian River Valley. She has embraced Karl the Fog, but still misses the 'dry heat' in Phoenix.<br><br>Ashley graduated from the University of Arizona in 2005 with a Bachelor of Arts in Communication and a minor in Sociology. Bear Down! 
Laura Philpot : Laura began her career in education and social services. After over 5 years in the field, she decided to transition to the administrative side of operations and ventured into her next career journey. Laura held administrative and operations positions at Optimizely and TM Financial Forensics prior to joining the SignalFire team as Ashley’s Partner in Crime a.k.a Operations Coordinator.  <br><br>Laura is a 5th generation SF native and a 10th generation rockstar. In her spare time you can find her hanging with her bestie (Toby, the dog) or watching the SF Giants (fun fact: her great grandfather played for the SF Seals so the Giants baseball roots run deep here).<br><br>Laura graduated from Sonoma State University with a Bachelor of Arts in Psychology.
Taro : Taro left a lucrative career in NaaS (Napping-as-a-Service) to join SignalFire in 2015. In her current role, Taro is responsible for developing our internal market diligence on subscription pet businesses as well as accelerating our office cleaning procedures. <br><br>She is often seen deeply analyzing data in South Park’s new turf or leveraging her previous experience in her daily routine. <br><br>Taro was born in Oregon before moving to San Francisco at the young age of 8 weeks (1 human year). 

Nick Adams : Nick joined AME Cloud Ventures in 2012. A techie at heart, he loves geeking out in all forms of automation, machine learning, and software defined infrastructure both in and out of the office.Prior to AME, Nick spent five years in China and India, where he lead business development for Cloud Valley and founded two startups. Nick earned his Masters in Engineering from Imperial College.<br><br>Select Portfolio Companies: Zoom, Cruise, Zymergen, Eero, Planet
Greg Badros : Greg Badros earned bachelor's degrees in Mathematics and Computer Science from Duke University. He started graduate school and earned his master's and doctoral degrees in Computer Science and Engineering from the University of Washington in Seattle. His Ph.D. work on the Cassowary Constraint Solving algorithm is now an integral part of Apple’s OS X (starting with 10.7 Lion) and iOS. Since then, he worked at Google for over six years where he was a Sr. Director of Engineering, having led AdSense from 2004-2007 and then the Gmail+ and Google Apps teams from 2007-2009. From mid 2009 to October 2013, Greg worked at Facebook where he was VP Engineering & Products and led numerous teams including Ads, Search, Photos, Messages, Growth, Data Infrastructure and Data Science. After his nearly 4.5 years at Facebook, he founded Prepared Mind Innovations and now acts as an advisor to several startup companies and builds prototypes himself.
Adam Bain : Adam (@adambain) is the former Chief Operating Officer of Twitter, where he oversaw all the business areas of the company. He started at Twitter as President of Global Revenue and built one of the fastest $0-to-$2B revenue ramps of any digital ads business. Prior to Twitter, Adam spent 13 years running product and business teams at Newscorp, where he was President of the Fox Audience Network. He is a graduate of Miami University.
Steve Baker : Steve Baker is a co-founder of Laserlike since August 2016, where he is building a new search and information assistant product. Prior to that he was a Distinguished Engineer at Google where he co-founded the world's largest scale open-domain algorithmic question answering system (billions of answers a week at extremely low latency). He started at Google in 2003 as an intern after completing a Bachelor's degree in Computer Science from Cornell University and at one time or another lead development on the top two most important search ranking signals in Google search.
Scott Banister : Scott is an American entrepreneur and angel investor. He is best known as a co-founder of IronPort and an early advisor and board member at PayPal.<br><br>Scott Banister started his career as a pioneer in the email business. He was Founder and VP of Technology at ListBot, the largest ASP for business email list hosting. ListBot was acquired by Microsoft. After ListBot, Scott spent his time working with other start-ups as a board member and investor. These start-ups include eVoice, creator of the first email-enabled home voicemail service, which was acquired by AOL in 2001. He served as VP of Ideas at idealab!, where he contributed numerous innovations, including the unique bid-for-placement search engine model that powers Overture. In December 2000, with Scott Weiss, Banister co-founded IronPort, an email appliance provider that was acquired in 2007 by Cisco.
Taylor Barada : Taylor is currently VP/Head of Corporate Development, Strategy, and Strategic Partnerships at Adobe with global responsibility for corporate strategy and driving growth and new markets across Adobe's businesses through acquisitions, post-merger integration, investments, new venture incubation and strategic partnerships. Previously he was VP Business at Zynga and led corporate development at Yahoo!. Prior to Yahoo! he worked as an investor, consultant, and operator at Rosewood Capital, Bain & Company, and Peregrine Systems. Taylor started his career as a professional soccer player and was a three-time National Champion at the University of Virginia while completing his B.A. in History and Foreign Affairs. He holds a J.D. and M.B.A. from Northwestern School of Law and Kellogg.
Tikhon Bernstam : Tikhon is the Founder and CEO of Parse (Y Combinator '11). Parse was acquired by Facebook in just two years in 2013. He is an active angel investor in over 100 companies including Checkr, Reddit, Tilt, Gusto, and Cruise Automation ($1B GM Acquisition).
Stewart Butterfield : Stewart is the CEO and Co-Founder of Slack. Previously, he founded Ludicorp with the mission of creating new possibilities for communication and expression through play, which pivoted to Flickr and was acquired by Yahoo in 2005.
Vijay Chattha : Vijay is a 15-year veteran that has helped over 200+ companies with brand-building, publicity, and marketing strategy.
John Ciancutti : John Ciancutti is a co-founder of 60dB. Prior to that, he was the chief product officer at Coursera, an education platform that partners with top universities and organizations worldwide to offer online courses.
Ciancutti also has experience in the fields of product engineering and software, having held positions as the director of engineering and a software engineer at Facebook and Silicon Graphics.
Ciancutti obtained his bachelor’s degree in computer science from the University of California, Santa Cruz, in 1997.
Melanie Curtiss : Melanie Curtiss is currently an Engineering Program Manager in Google Apps driving Security & Privacy initiatives. She is an active Angel Investor with over 10+ investments in start-ups and early stage funds. Melanie has worked across the valley in software engineer & product manager roles at Yahoo, Lockheed Martin, Cisco Systems, and several start-ups. <br><br>Melanie received a BS in Mathematics/Applied Science (Computer Science) from UCLA and a MS in Software Engineering from Carnegie Mellon.
Michael Curtiss : Michael is a software engineer from Google and Facebook with extensive systems, scalable software, and site operations experience. He is currently the technical lead for Google Cloud Spanner. An original GoogleNews team member, he served as technical lead for news infrastructure, with broad experience in backend, frontend, search quality, and scalability.
Adam D'Angelo : Adam D'Angelo is the chief executive officer and co-founder of Quora, an online knowledge market based in Mountain View, California. He was chief technology officer of Facebook, and also served as its vice president of engineering.
Ben Davenport : Ben Davenport is CTO & co-founder of BitGo, a leading provider of infrastructure for Bitcoin and other digital assets. Previously, he co-founded Beluga, which was sold to Facebook and became Facebook Messenger. He has worked as an engineer at Microsoft and Google and is an active angel investor, having made early-stage investments in 50+ companies.
Dave Dorman : Dave Dorman is a Founding Partner of Centerview Capital Technology. Prior to Centerview, Dave was Chairman and CEO of AT&T, the largest telecommunications company in the world. During his time at AT&T he led the company through a profound reinvention and transformation prior to completing the merger of AT&T Corp. and SBC Communications in November 2005. David joined AT&T as President in December 2000 and was named Chairman and Chief Executive Officer in November 2002. <br><br>Prior to Concert and AT&T, Dave was CEO and Chairman of Pacific Bell where he led an $11 billion business with 50,000 employees serving more than ten million households and one million business customers. As the youngest CEO ever of a Bell operating company, Dave helped eventually to facilitate its sale to SBC Communications.<br><br>Dave’s career in telecommunications began in 1981, following his early work in software development, technical sales and marketing, when he became the 55th employee of the then-fledgling long distance carrier now known as Sprint. By 1990, he became president of Sprint Business, with 10,000 employees, and grew the company’s revenues from $5 million to $4.5 billion.<br><br>Dave is currently Non-Executive Chairman of the Board of CVS Health Corporation and serves on the boards of Dell Technologies, Inc., PayPal Holdings, Inc., Yum! Brands, Inc. and the Georgia Tech Foundation. Dave was a board member of Motorola, Inc. since 2006, was elected Non-Executive Chairman of the Board in 2008 and retired from his board position in May of 2015. Dave also was a board member of Scientific Atlanta until the company was acquired by Cisco Systems in 2006.<br><br>David holds a BS in Industrial Management with High Honors from Georgia Tech.
Gil Elbaz : Gil Elbaz is an investor and philanthropist best known for co-founding Applied Semantics (ASI). He is currently the founder and CEO of Factual, an information-sharing startup. <br><br>Active in a number of nonprofit areas, Gil is on the board of trustees for the X Prize Foundation and Caltech, and a member of the Los Angeles Social Ventures Partners. He and his wife, Elyssa, also manage the Elbaz Family Foundation, supporting environmental and educational causes.<br><br>Gil earned his bachelor's degree from Caltech with a double major in Engineering and Applied Science and Economics. Gil serves on the Board of Directors of the X Prize Foundation.
David Fleck : David began his career advising global Fortune 500 companies while at PwC (Paris) and Bain (Boston & NYC). He then joined Google in the early days to explore and launch new business lines. For the past ten years he's worked exclusively with startups as business founder and advisor with deep experience in finding product-market fit, closing major partnerships, fundraising and M&A.
Tom Friel : Tom Friel is the retired Chairman and CEO of Heidrick & Struggles International Inc. (NASDAQ HSII), one of the world's leading executive search and leadership consulting firms. In his almost 30 years with the firm he specialized in recruiting technology company CEOs and Boards of Directors, in addition to holding a series of leadership positions in the firm, including founding Managing Partner of the Silicon Valley office, and the International Technology Practice. He is an honors graduate of Purdue University in Industrial Engineering, and received his MBA at the Stanford Graduate School of Business. He has served on multiple for profit and not for profit Boards and currently serves on the Boards of the Computer History Museum and CollegeSpring; and the Advisory Boards of the Seraph Group, Pomello, TalentAge, and Docusign.
Noosheen Hashemi : Noosheen Hashemi built operational infrastructure to scale Oracle U.S. from $25m to $3b in sales over ten years. She currently manages a family office which includes a diverse portfolio of public and private investments and a charitable foundation. Noosheen received a B.S. in Economics from SJSU and an M.S. in Management from Stanford University GSB.
Auren Hoffman : Auren Hoffman is CEO and Chief Historian of SafeGraph. <br><br>He is the former CEO and cofounder of LiveRamp (sold to Acxiom) -- the largest middleware provider in marketing technology. He previously served on the board of BrightRoll (acquired by Yahoo). He currently serves on the boards of Siftery and Windfall Data.<br><br>He is the founder of the Dialog Retreat and investor in over 65 active technlogy companies (https://siftery.com/groups/aurens-portfolio).<br><br>Auren holds a B.S.E. in Industrial Engineering and Operations Research from UC Berkeley. You can find him on Quora (http://www.quora.com/Auren-Hoffman) and Twitter (@auren).
Ramsey Homsany : Ramsey Homsany is an investor and advisor to technology companies. He was previously the General Counsel at Dropbox, leading Dropbox's legal, security, government affairs, people operations, and communications teams. Before that, Ramsey was Vice President and Deputy General Counsel at Google. Ramsey holds a B.S. in Chemical & Biochemical Engineering from Rutgers University and a J.D. from New York University.
Brad Hoover : As CEO of Grammarly, Brad focuses on product strategy, team building, business development and business operations. <br><br>Previously, Brad was an investor at venture capital firm General Catalyst Partners, where he worked with high-growth consumer internet, SaaS and mobile companies as a board member, adviser, recruiter, business development resource, and adjunct team member. He was also a consultant with McKinsey & Company and with Arthur Andersen.<br><br>Brad earned a Bachelor of Science in Operations Research and Industrial Engineering from Cornell University.
Mark Jacobson : Mark is CEO of Terrain, a specialized firm for talent M&A advisory. Previously, Mark was a Senior Partner of True Search, the fastest growing executive search firm in the US, and Founder of Ignition Talent Group, a data-driven talent acquisition firm that helped high-growth companies recruit elite executives. Mark earned a B.A. in English from Tufts University and has completed graduate coursework at UCLA and UC Berkeley.
Benji Jasik : Benji Jasik is currently Vice President Global Capacity Operations and Delivery at Google. Prior to Google he spent 11 years at Salesforce in a variety of development, product management, and operations roles and saw the company grow from 300 to 20,000+ employees. He has a BSE in Computer Science from Princeton University.
Stephen Kawaja : Stephen Kawaja is the owner and CEO of IFS Coatings, the largest and fastest private powder coatings manufacturer in the USA. Stephen earned his undergraduate degree in Economics and Philosophy from Duke University, an MBA from Columbia, as well as a CFA. Stephen has done over 1,200 hours of community service and is currently focused on Inside Circle, an organization dedicated to preventing recidivism and reducing prison violence.
Tim Kendall : Tim (@tkendall) is the President of Pinterest, where he has global responsibility for sales, marketing and product development for advertising, commerce and partner solutions. Prior to Pinterest, Tim was Facebook’s Director of Monetization, where he led the development of Facebook’s advertising business. Before Facebook, Tim was a Product Manager at Amazon and was a contributing writer to Forbes on technology trends. He earned his engineering degree and MBA from Stanford University.
Bob Lee : Bob Lee is CEO of Present Company, makers of Present, an upcoming social network for women. Prior to that, as Square's CTO, Bob built Square's core products, scaled the team from 12 to 1200 people, and created Square Cash. Before Square, Bob worked at Google where he created Guice and was the core library lead for Android.
Bobby Lent : Bobby Lent was a cofounder of Ariba and is currently the Managing Director at Hillsven, a $40M seed venture firm focused on internet, cloud, e-commerce and mobile.
Ellen Levy : Ellen is the Founder & Managing Director of Silicon Valley Connect. She also manages a portfolio of roughly 50 angel investments, and serves on several boards including Instructure (NYSE: INST) and Rallypoint. Given her unique 25 year career in the Bay Area, including key roles in venture (Softbank, NeoCarta, DFJ), universities (Harvard, Stanford, ASU) and large companies (PriceWaterhouse Coopers, Apple Computer), and startups (WhoWhere, Softbook, and most notably LinkedIn as head of Corporate Development and Strategy), she is known as the "Most Connected Woman in Silicon Valley," Ellen now focuses on topics associated with dynamic, rapidly-growing startups; including the “Future of Work” (automation, AI, job displacement, skills training, and education), on social networks within “the enterprise”; and on developing innovation ecosystems and supporting organizational models. She has a BA from the University of Michigan, and MA/PhD in Cognitive Psychology from Stanford University.
Bill MacCartney : Bill MacCartney is a Senior Engineering Manager at Apple, where he leads the Siri Proactive Intelligence team in propagating predictive intelligence across the iOS platform and beyond. Bill is also a Consulting Professor of Computer Science at Stanford University, where he teaches CS224U, "Natural Language Understanding", a graduate-level course which attracts 150 students per year. Bill was previously a Senior Research Scientist at Google, where his team was responsible for semantic query parsing for Google search and Google Now, handling billions of queries per day across 40 major languages.
Amitt Mahajan : Amitt Mahajan is Managing Partner and co-founder of Presence Capital, a virtual reality and augmented reality-focused venture fund based in the San Francisco. Previously, he was the CEO and co-founder of Toro (acquired by Google in 2015) and the CTO and co-founder of MyMiniLife (acquired by Zynga in 2009). While at Zynga, Amitt co-created and launched the #1 Facebook game FarmVille and served as the CTO of Zynga Japan. Prior to his entrepreneurial work, he was a software engineer at Epic Games on the Unreal Engine, one of the main 3D platforms used for developing VR content.
Ross Mason : Ross founded MuleSoft on the idea that connecting applications, data and devices should be easy, building on the open source Mule project he created earlier. He is responsible for MuleSoft's vision, product strategy, engineering alignment and champion of the customer's voice. Prior, Ross was an early employee at Atlassian and before that he worked in banking in the UK. He invests in early stage startups with a focus on B2B, FinTech, media and open source.
Shishir Mehrotra : Shishir is an entrepreneur, currently working on a stealth startup focused on a new productivity solution. Shishir was formerly an executive at YouTube, overseeing the product management, engineering, and design teams. Over his 6 years tenure, he helped grow YouTube to the world’s largest video destination, one of Google’s largest and fastest growing businesses, and the platform of choice for a new generation of video creators. Prior to joining Google, Shishir spent 6 years at Microsoft where he held leadership roles in the Windows, Office, and SQL Server divisions. Shishir is an MIT graduate, with dual degrees in Computer Science and Mathematics. Shishir was awarded the Technology Review’s TR35 (“35 innovators under 35”) award in 2012.
Doug Merritt : Doug Merritt is currently the President and CEO of Splunk since 2015. Previously, Merritt served as Senior Vice President of Field Operations at Splunk from 2014 to 2015. Prior to joining Splunk, Merritt served as Senior Vice President of Products and Solutions Marketing at Cisco Systems, Inc., a networking company, from 2012 to 2014. From 2011 to 2012, he served as Chief Executive Officer of Baynote, Inc., a behavioral personalization and marketing technology company. Previously, Merritt served in a number of executive roles and as a member of the extended Executive Board at SAP A.G., from 2005 to 2011. From 2001 to 2004, Merritt served as Group Vice President and General Manager of the Human Capital Management Product Division at PeopleSoft Inc. (acquired by Oracle Corporation). He also co-founded and served as Chief Executive Officer of Icarian, Inc. (since acquired by Workstream Corp.), a cloud-based company, from 1996 to 2001. Merritt holds a B.S. from The University of the Pacific in Stockton, California.
Zod Nazem : Farzad (Zod) Nazem is former Chief Technology Officer of Yahoo! Inc. At Yahoo, Mr. Nazem also served as Executive Vice President of Engineering & Site Operations, Senior Vice President of Communications & Technical Services, and Senior Vice President of Product Development & Site Operations. Prior to Yahoo, Zod held a number of technical and executive management positions at Oracle Corporation, including Vice President of Oracle's Media and Web Server Division. Nazem earned a B.S. degree in Computer Science with highest honors from California Polytechnic State University.
Deep Nishar : Deep is currently a Managing Director at SoftBank. Previously, Deep led overall consumer and monetization product strategy and user experience at LinkedIn where his efforts yielded the world’s largest and most powerful professional network with 347 million members worldwide, and was responsible for P&L of all online revenue streams ($869 million in 2014). Prior to LinkedIn, Deep was at Google, where he established the company’s mobile business beginning in 2005 and won the Google Founders Award. He is also co-author of eight patents.
Mike Olson : Mike co-founded Cloudera in 2008 and served as its CEO until 2013 when he took on his current role of chief strategy officer (CSO.) As CSO, Mike is responsible for Cloudera’s product strategy, open source leadership, engineering alignment and direct engagement with customers. Prior to Cloudera Mike was CEO of Sleepycat Software, makers of Berkeley DB, the open source embedded database engine. Mike spent two years at Oracle Corporation as vice president for Embedded Technologies after Oracle’s acquisition of Sleepycat in 2006. Mike has a Bachelor’s and a Master’s Degree in Computer Science from the University of California, Berkeley.
Ali Partovi : Described by the San Jose Mercury News as one of "Silicon Valley's top angel investors," Ali Partovi has backed Airbnb, Dropbox, Facebook, Uber, and Zappos. After graduating from Harvard in Computer Science, he co-founded LinkExchange and later iLike. In 2013, Ali and his twin brother Hadi co-founded Code.org, which brings Computer Science to public schools and has introduced hundreds of millions of students to computer programming via the “Hour of Code.” His passions are rock-climbing, guitar, and sustainable agriculture, and he's learning to play saxophone.
John Pleasants : John is a long-time Silicon Valley executive and a veteran of the consumer technology industry. He was CEO of Ticketmaster and its subsidiaries from 1999-2005, as both a public company and a leading division of IAC/InterActiveCorp. After a stint as COO of Electronic Arts, he joined Brava co-founder Dan Yue at Playdom, where John served as CEO and oversaw Playdom's 2010 acquisition by Disney. There, he served as Co-President of Disney Interactive Media Group, spearheading the development and launch of Disney Infinity and achieving the division's first-ever multi-quarter profitability. He joins Brava from Samsung, where he was EVP of Media Solutions.
David Popowitz : David Popowitz is Senior Vice President of Corporate Development at GoDaddy's where he leads global corporate and business development activities, which include acquiring and partnering with companies that can enhance GoDaddy customer and product experiences. Prior to joining GoDaddy, David worked in the investment banking industry for 18 years with Morgan Stanley, Deutsche Bank and Credit Suisse where he advised technology companies on strategic and financial matters. David holds an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School and a B.A. from Brown University and enjoys tennis, hiking and TED talks. David lives in Woodside, California with his wife, 3 boys and dog Zamby.
Julia Popowitz : Julia is an active angel investor and an advisor to technology startups in Silicon Valley. Julia began her career as a corporate attorney at Wilson Sonsini Goodrich Rosati. In 2006, Julia joined Facebook as the second attorney in the legal department and led the commercial transactions team from June 2006 until April 2011. Julia received her JD from Harvard Law School and her BA from UC Berkeley. Julia lives in Woodside with her husband, three boys and Cavalier King Charles Spaniel. She loves traveling, spending time outdoors and volunteering for her children's school and other community organizations.
Deb Ray : Deb Ray is the CTO of EndCue in LA where he leads the artificial intelligence platform to analyze and generate original content. Previously he founded and led technology for two adtech startups in Los Angeles. Deb completed his PhD from Caltech, and has been a researcher in Deep Learning and AI for over 10 years. He advises and invests in several startups that apply AI to disrupt traditional industries.
Rene Reinsberg : Rene Reinsberg is currently an Entrepreneur-in-Residence at General Catalyst Partners. Most recently, Rene was GoDaddy's Vice President of Emerging Products, responsible for bringing new products to GoDaddy's portfolio, focused on helping entrepreneurs and small businesses establish and grow their ventures. He co-founded Locu and served as CEO until Locu's acquisition by GoDaddy in August 2013. Rene started his first software startup out of high school, building one of the early GUI-based point-of-sale and inventory management systems for small retailers. He holds a diploma from WHU, Germany and a MBA from MIT Sloan. Rene was awarded the 2011 MIT McGovern Entrepreneurship award and is an active advisor and investor in several startups.
Mark Roe : Mark Roe is a private investor and Board Member/Advisor with a portfolio of investments across Enterprise Software, Solar Equipment, Ad Tech, and Cybersecurity. He was formerly VP of Operations & Engineering at SolarCity and Senior Director of Worldwide Service at Apple and also held VP positions at Palm and Webvan. Mr. Roe is renowned for his leadership and experience in hyper-growth companies and huge global organizations, driving predictable growth while simultaneously becoming more profitable, innovative, and nimble.
Eric Rosenblum : Eric has most recently been responsible for a variety of Palantir's products, ranging from homelessness alleviation to cyber security. He was previously Chief Operating Officer for big data analytics company, Drawbridge, where he helped the company build and deploy the world's largest and most accurate cross-device graph. Prior to Drawbridge, he was Product Director at Google, where he worked on commerce products (including Offers and related payment technologies). He is a graduate of Harvard College and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology Sloan School of Management.
Tom Ryan : Tom Ryan is CEO and co-founder of Pluto TV, a leading free Internet television service with millions of viewers that carries and programs more than 100 channels in partnership with major TV networks, movie studios, publishers and digital media companies. Tom is a board member of Smule (the leader in social music) and Threadless (a popular crowdsourced art and e-commerce company where he served as CEO from 2008 to 2012) and he served on the board of men’s clothing service Trunk Club until its acquisition by JW Nordstrom in 2014. Tom previously served as SVP of Digital Strategy at EMI Music and co-founder of Cductive (an early digital music service that he merged with eMusic). He holds an AB from Dartmouth College and an MBA from INSEAD in France.
Ellen Salisbury : Ellen currently serves as Managing Director of Start Smart Labs, a Big Data Incubator for startups that are developing data intensive applications on Hadoop. Ellen was previously Vice President of Business Operations at Altiscale. Prior to Altiscale, Ellen spent several years at Yahoo!, where she served as Vice President of Engineering. Ellen graduated from the University of Minnesota with a BA in Humanities and holds an MBA from Loyola University of Chicago.
Chris Scoggins : Over the last twenty years, Chris has been an entrepreneur, executive and investor in the technology sector, specifically at the intersection of Digital Media, Data Analytics and SaaS. Most recently he was responsible for global strategy, revenues and partnerships at the Oracle Data Cloud. Chris joined Oracle in early 2015 after the acquisition of Datalogix, where he was a co-founder and GM of the digital business. Prior to Datalogix, he spent many years in venture capital and private equity and co-founded Internet Reports in 1997. He has an MBA from Stanford University and a BS from Trinity University.
Munjal Shah : Munjal Shah is co-founder and CEO of Health IQ. Health IQ uses science and big data to provide special rate insurance for health conscious people such as marathoners, triathletes, vegans, cyclists, and more. Prior to Health IQ, Munjal was co-founder & CEO of Like.com (computer vision/machine learning company sold to Google) & co-founder & CEO of Andale (eventually sold to Alibaba). He is an advisor/investor in: Rocketfuel (NASDAQ: Fuel), Meebo (sold to Google), Swell (Sold to Apple), Blindsight (Sold to Amazon), Lift Labs (Sold to Google), Kabam, TaskRabbit, Pubmatic, InterAxon, uBiome, Counsyl, Canvas Medical, PatientPing, and more. Munjal has a Masters in CS from Stanford and a Bachelors in CS from UCSD.
Soleio : Soleio is the founder and managing partner of Combine, a design and venture firm. He was one of Facebook's first designers where he led the design of Video, Groups, Messenger, and the version of News Feed that introduced the Like button. Soleio later served as Dropbox's first head of design where he helped build the company's early design organization and leadership team.
Raymie Stata : Raymie Stata is CEO of Altiscale, a startup offering a cloud-hosted platform for Big Data processing. 
Stata comes to Altiscale from Yahoo!, Inc., where he most recently held the position of Chief Technical Officer. At Yahoo, he played an instrumental role in the development of Yahoo!'s infrastructures for algorithmic search, display advertising, and cloud computing. He also helped set Yahoo's Open Source strategy and initiate its participation in the Hadoop project. Prior to joining Yahoo!, Stata founded Stata Laboratories, maker of the Bloomba search-based e-mail client, which he sold to Yahoo! in 2004. He's also worked for Digital Equipment's Systems Research Center, where he contributed to the AltaVista search engine, and was an Assistant Professor of Computer Science at UC Santa Cruz. Stata received his PhD in Computer Science from MIT in 1996.
Diane Tang : Diane Tang is a Google Fellow currently working on analytics and data science across Google. Earlier roles at Google focused on the AdsQuality team and the life sciences and health area. She joined Google in 2003 and has focused on logging, large-scale data analysis & infrastructure, experiment methodology and ads systems. She earned a bachelor's degree in Computer Science from Harvard in 1995 and a master's degree and PhD in Computer Science from Stanford in 2001. She holds many patents and is the author of numerous publications in mobile networking, information visualization, experiment methodology, data infrastructure, and data mining / large data.
Kevin Taweel : Kevin Taweel is cofounder and CEO of Asurion, the world’s largest provider of technology protection and support services with over 280 million customers. He is also a Lecturer in Entrepreneurship at the Stanford Graduate School of Business (GSB), a member of Stanford GSB’s Advisory Council and a member of the following boards: East West Institute (EWI), California Institute of Technology (Caltech) and ResponseLink. Kevin holds an MBA from Stanford University and a Bachelor’s Degree in Mechanical Engineering from McGill University.
Cali Tran : Cali Tran is the President of Valassis Digital, a business unit within Harland Clarke Holding Company, a MacAndrews & Forbes portfolio. He is also a founder and/or investor in high potential, technology enabled companies including Ancestry, Sharethrough, GoPlae, and Adavium Medical, among others. Cali earned his AB in History, Cum Laude at Bowdoin College and his MBA at Harvard.
Max Ventilla : Founder and CEO of AltSchool. Previously part of founding team of Google+ and Aardvark.
Lynn Vojvodich : Lynn Vojvodich is a global technology executive who has built, grown, and transformed businesses for more than 20 years. She is an advisor to start-up and growth-stage technology companies and a member of the Board of Directors of Ford and The Priceline Group Inc. Previously, Lynn was EVP and CMO of Salesforce and a Partner at Andreessen Horowitz. Lynn holds a B.S. in Product Design and Mechanical Engineering from Stanford University and an MBA from Harvard Business School.
Eckart Walther : Eckart (@eckart) is an active angel investor and startup advisor. Previously, Eckart founded CardSpring (acquired by Twitter), and held product leadership positions at a number of Internet technology companies including Yahoo!, Tellme, and Netscape. Eckart began his career at GE Corporate Research and Stanford University, where he specialized in AI research. He earned his BS and MS degrees in computer engineering from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute, and is one of the co-authors of the RSS web standard.
David Waxman : David has nearly two decades of experience as a technology entrepreneur. After graduating with a masters degree from MIT’s Media Lab in 1995, David co-founded Firefly, an early pioneer in personalization and privacy technology. Firefly was acquired by Microsoft in 1998 where the company’s flagship product became the Microsoft Passport, the web’s first unified authentication and identity platform. After Firefly, David co-founded PeoplePC, a company dedicated to simplifying the process of joining the online world. PeoplePC went public in 2001 and was acquired by Earthlink in 2002.<br><br>In 2005, David co-founded SpotRunner, a Los Angeles-based technology company. Since leaving Spot Runner, David has dedicated his time to helping entrepreneurs realize their goals. He is an active mentor, speaker and investor in the LA area.
Kevin Weil : Kevin Weil is the Head of Product at Instagram, overseeing consumer, growth and monetization products. Prior to Instagram, Kevin was the SVP of Product at Twitter, overseeing product development and design across Twitter's consumer and ad products, as well as Vine and Periscope. Between 2010 and 2014, he led product development for Twitter's advertising platform, including the acquisitions of MoPub and TellApart, as well as the development of Fabric, Twitter's mobile services strategy. Before joining Twitter in 2009, he was the first employee at web media startup Cooliris, working in user growth and analytics. 
Kevin graduated summa cum laude from Harvard University with a B.A. In Mathematics and Physics, and holds an M.S. in physics from Stanford.
Jerry Yang : Jerry is Founding Partner at AME Cloud Ventures with the belief that data, cloud, and hardware advances will create unprecedented opportunities for great companies to be built. <br><br>Jerry co-founded Yahoo! in 1995 and served on its Board and as a member of its executive team until 2012. Jerry was instrumental in building Yahoo!’s relationships with Yahoo! Japan and Alibaba and continues to be a thought leader in China and Asia. Jerry currently sits on Board of Directors for Workday, Alibaba, and Lenovo.
Richard Yen : Richard Yen is Managing Director, Private Equity at Saban Capital Group. In this role, he leads the digital media and consumer Internet investment practice and supports all digital initiatives for the firm. Mr. Yen works actively with SCG’s portfolio companies, including Saban Brands and Univision, advising on digital media acquisitions and strategies.<br><br>Prior to joining Saban Capital Group, Mr. Yen was a Principal at Blueprint Ventures where he established the firm's digital media and Internet investing practice. Prior to Blueprint, Mr. Yen worked for Rustic Canyon Partners, a technology venture capital firm where he focused on early-stage software and wireless investments. 
Mr. Yen earned a BS in Electrical Engineering/Computer Science from UC Berkeley and an MBA from the UCLA Anderson School of Management, both with high honors. Mr. Yen is a graduate of the Kauffman Fellows Program.
Oren Zeev : Oren is the founder of Zeev Ventures, a non institutional VC, and in this capacity backs passionate founders building great companies. Oren is typically the main early backer and plays an active role on the boards of the companies he invests in. Oren has been fortunate to have backed companies such as Houzz, Audible, Chegg and others who are re-defining their respective categories. <br><br>Oren holds a BSc Cum Laude from the Technion, Israel Institute of Technology, and an MBA with distinction from INSEAD in France.
Lucy Zhang : Lucy Zhang co-founded Beluga, which was acquired by Facebook and became Facebook Messenger. She currently works on building and scaling personalized learning for K-12 education in partnership with Summit Public Schools, a project at the Chan-Zuckerberg Initiative. She began her career at Google, where she helped build AdWords, Google News and Google Docs.
Adelyn Zhou : Adelyn Zhou is a technology and marketing leader who has worked with companies such as L'Oreal, WPP, Paypal, Amazon, Nextdoor, Oscar Health and more. She has been recognized as one of the top 50 people in growth, top 10 people in bots, and top 30 people to follow in Artificial Intelligence (AI). Adelyn is currently the CMO at TOPBOTS, a leading research and strategy firm focused on educating and advising Fortune 500 companies on AI and bot technologies. She is an internationally recognized expert on marketing and business topics, and an invited speaker to conferences such as SxSW, 500 Startups, Launch Festival, DLD, Inbound, Social Media Week, and more. Adelyn graduated with honors from Harvard University and received her MBA from Harvard Business School.
Ding Zhou : Ding is a software engineer and data scientist. He is an expert in building and optimizing intelligent systems. He was an early staff engineer at Facebook after which he took engineering leadership positions at Pinterest, Square, DoorDash, etc. Ding holds a Ph.D. from Penn State and a Bachelor’s degree from Fudan University, both in computer science.

ClassDojo : Building the digital classroom of the future
Zume Pizza : Fully vertically integrated pizza delivery company 
Yodas : AI talent agent for developers
frame.io : Video review and collaboration, solved.
Rocksbox : Transforming the way women discover and buy jewelry
SmartSpot : Intelligent personal training powered by computer vision
TextRecruit : Intelligent messaging for employers
Jyve : In-store merchandising network and data platform
PropelPLM : Product Lifecycle Management in the cloud
Ledger Investing : Marketplace for insurance securities
ScopeAR : Democratizing expertise through Augmented Reality collaboration software 
SafeGraph : Data ground source of truth for application builders
Grabr : Cross-border peer-to-peer shopping and delivery
Grammarly : More effective communications powered by AI
Lighthouse : Computer vision assistant for your home
Hawthorne Effect : Transforming Patient Follow-ups
Osso VR : Virtual reality surgical training technology
Unannounced 1 : Unannounced - Logistics intelligence for last mile delivery
Unannounced 2 : Unannounced - Commercial long haul LTL shipping
Unannounced 3 : Unannounced - Chronic care management platform
Unannounced 4 : Unannounced - Automated corporate cybersecurity
Unannounced 5 : Unannounced - Data-Empowered Future of Hospitality



