












Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









﻿





























MUELLER WATER PRODUCTS (MWA) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Sell - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for MUELLER WATER PRODUCTS

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor MUELLER WATER PRODUCTS with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

MUELLER WATER PRODUCTS (MWA) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Sell
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) Analysts Give Nordex SE (ETR:NDX1) a €12.00 Price Target
SAP SE (ETR:SAP) PT Set at €108.00 by Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The)
Scotiabank Reaffirms Hold Rating for Holly Energy Partners, L.P. (HEP)
WNS (Holdings) Limited (WNS) Price Target Raised to $40.00 at Citigroup Inc.
Zendesk, Inc. (ZEN) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Stifel Nicolaus
Fiserv (NASDAQ:FISV) Given Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.42
8point3 Energy Partners LP (CAFD) Stock Rating Lowered by Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc.
Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage Somewhat Likely to Impact Ventas (VTR) Stock Price
Invesco PLC (IVZ) PT Raised to $40.00 at Jefferies Group LLC
Piedmont Investment Advisors LLC Purchases 1,108 Shares of HCA Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:HCA)
MB Financial Inc. (MBFI) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.64 Per Share
Analyzing Pep Boys – Manny Moe & Jack (PBY) & AutoZone (NYSE:AZO)
CommerceHub, Inc. (CHUBA) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research
Summit Financial Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:SMMF) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Monday
Videocon d2h Limited (VDTH) Set to Announce Earnings on Monday
Western Gas Partners, LP (NYSE:WES) Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Monday
Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Ceragon Networks Ltd. (CRNT) to Hold
Ampco-Pittsburgh Corporation (AP) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research
Marquee Energy Ltd (MQX) Director Acquires C$11,200.00 in Stock







MUELLER WATER PRODUCTS (MWA) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Sell


					Posted by Harper Lund on Jul 23rd, 2017 // No Comments




MUELLER WATER PRODUCTS (NYSE:MWA) was downgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research note issued to investors on Friday. 
According to Zacks, “Mueller Water Products, Inc. manufactures and markets products and services that are used in the transmission and distribution of safe, clean drinking water and in water treatment facilities. Their broad product portfolio includes engineered valves, fire hydrants, pipe fittings, water meters and ductile iron pipe, which are used by municipalities, as well as the residential and non-residential construction industries.   “


 Get MUELLER WATER PRODUCTS alerts:



Several other brokerages have also issued reports on MWA. Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc.  reiterated an “outperform” rating and issued a $15.00 price target on shares of MUELLER WATER PRODUCTS in a research note on Thursday, March 23rd. Nomura assumed coverage on shares of MUELLER WATER PRODUCTS in a research note on Wednesday, April 12th. They issued a “buy” rating and a $15.00 price target on the stock. CIBC  reiterated an “outperform” rating and issued a $15.00 price target on shares of MUELLER WATER PRODUCTS in a research note on Friday, March 24th. Finally, BidaskClub upgraded shares of MUELLER WATER PRODUCTS from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research note on Friday, June 30th. One investment analyst  has rated the stock with a sell rating, two have assigned  a hold rating and six have assigned  a buy rating to the company. MUELLER WATER PRODUCTS presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $13.71.





Shares of MUELLER WATER PRODUCTS (NYSE:MWA) opened at 11.50 on Friday. The company has a market capitalization of $1.83 billion, a PE ratio of 15.52 and a beta of 1.38. The company has a 50-day moving average of $11.43 and a 200-day moving average of $12.03. MUELLER WATER PRODUCTS has a one year low of $10.45 and a one year high of $14.20. 
MUELLER WATER PRODUCTS (NYSE:MWA) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, April 27th. The industrial products company reported $0.09 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, meeting the consensus estimate of $0.09. MUELLER WATER PRODUCTS had a net margin of 12.45% and a return on equity of 18.45%. The firm had revenue of $199.70 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $206 million. During the same period in the previous year, the business earned $0.10 EPS. The company’s revenue was up 1.3% compared to the same quarter last year.  On average, analysts anticipate that  MUELLER WATER PRODUCTS will post $0.45 earnings per share for the current year. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This report was originally  posted by Chaffey Breeze and is the sole property of of Chaffey Breeze. If you are accessing this report on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US & international copyright & trademark law. The correct version of this report can be accessed at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/23/mueller-water-products-mwa-downgraded-by-zacks-investment-research-to-sell.html. 
In other news, Director Shirley C. Franklin sold 9,156 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, June 14th. The shares were sold at an average price of $11.40, for a total transaction of $104,378.40. Following the transaction, the director now directly owns 39,157 shares in the company, valued at approximately $446,389.80. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, Director Bernard G. Rethore sold 56,400 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, May 30th. The stock was sold at an average price of $11.23, for a total transaction of $633,372.00. Following the transaction, the director now owns 27,303 shares in the company, valued at $306,612.69. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 4.30% of the stock is owned by insiders. 
Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. BlackRock Inc. raised its position in  MUELLER WATER PRODUCTS by 14,036.8% in the first quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 13,522,561 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $159,837,000 after buying an additional 13,426,906 shares in the last quarter.  Gamco Investors INC. ET AL raised its position in  MUELLER WATER PRODUCTS by 273.5% in the first quarter. Gamco Investors INC. ET AL now owns 5,103,980 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $60,329,000 after buying an additional 3,737,574 shares in the last quarter.  Vanguard Group Inc. raised its position in  MUELLER WATER PRODUCTS by 8.8% in the first quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 12,650,343 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $149,528,000 after buying an additional 1,017,949 shares in the last quarter.  Bank of America Corp DE raised its position in  MUELLER WATER PRODUCTS by 110.5% in the first quarter. Bank of America Corp DE now owns 1,603,860 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $18,958,000 after buying an additional 842,053 shares in the last quarter.  Finally, Impax Asset Management LTD raised its position in  MUELLER WATER PRODUCTS by 31.1% in the first quarter. Impax Asset Management LTD now owns 3,411,887 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $40,329,000 after buying an additional 809,000 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors own  87.36% of the company’s stock. 
About MUELLER WATER PRODUCTS
Mueller Water Products, Inc is a manufacturer and marketer of products and services used in the transmission, distribution and measurement of water in North America. The Company operates through three segments: Mueller Co, Anvil and Mueller Technologies. The Mueller Co segment manufactures valves for water and gas systems, and dry-barrel and wet-barrel fire hydrants.
Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on MUELLER WATER PRODUCTS (MWA)
For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com







Receive News & Ratings for MUELLER WATER PRODUCTS Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for MUELLER WATER PRODUCTS and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 











































﻿




























Signaturefd LLC Acquires 13,265 Shares of Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (NYSE:EPD) - Week Herald














































 















 



  
 
  





















Daily Ratings and News for Enterprise Products Partners L.P.
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Enterprise Products Partners L.P. with our free daily email newsletter:



 






Follow @WeekHerald









Recent Posts

Bank of Montreal Can Buys 3,430 Shares of Ulta Beauty Inc. (ULTA)
HollyFrontier Corporation (NYSE:HFC) Stake Raised by Capstone Asset Management Co.
Empresa Nacional de Electricidad S.A. (EOCC) Shares Sold by Capstone Asset Management Co.
Capstone Asset Management Co. Sells 561 Shares of Sealed Air Corporation (NYSE:SEE)
Capstone Asset Management Co. Has $709,000 Position in Coherent, Inc. (COHR)
Becker Capital Management Inc. Purchases 9,720 Shares of Allergan plc (AGN)
Fmr LLC Has $561.42 Million Stake in Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc (TMO)
Movado Group Inc. (MOV) Raised to “Buy” at ValuEngine
On Track Innovations Ltd (NASDAQ:OTIV) Stock Rating Lowered by ValuEngine
Northrop Grumman Corporation (NOC) Stake Maintained by Stock Yards Bank & Trust Co.
Fox Run Management L.L.C. Buys Shares of 14,800 Petroleo Brasileiro S.A.- Petrobras (NYSE:PBR)
Inventure Foods, Inc. (SNAK) Upgraded by ValuEngine to “Sell”
ValuEngine Upgrades Western New England Bancorp (NASDAQ:WNEB) to Buy
Skechers U.S.A., Inc. (NYSE:SKX) Stock Rating Lowered by Vetr Inc.
Gateway Investment Advisers LLC Purchases 216 Shares of Fluor Corporation (FLR)
Maxim Integrated Products, Inc. (NASDAQ:MXIM) Stake Increased by Gateway Investment Advisers LLC
Gateway Investment Advisers LLC Purchases New Position in Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc. (DO)
Gateway Investment Advisers LLC Takes Position in Lumentum Holdings Inc. (NASDAQ:LITE)
Calpine Corporation (CPN) Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Friday
Fox Run Management L.L.C. Takes Position in Nomura Holdings Inc ADR (NMR)



 


Signaturefd LLC Acquires 13,265 Shares of Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (NYSE:EPD)

					Posted by Rex Bailey on Jul 27th, 2017 // No Comments 


Tweet












Signaturefd LLC raised its stake in  Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (NYSE:EPD) by 50.6% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor  owned 39,471 shares of the oil and gas producer’s stock after buying an additional 13,265 shares during the period. Signaturefd LLC’s holdings in Enterprise Products Partners L.P. were worth $1,090,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. 
Other institutional investors have also made changes to their positions in the company. Dubuque Bank & Trust Co. boosted its position in shares of  Enterprise Products Partners L.P. by 222.6% in the first quarter. Dubuque Bank & Trust Co. now owns 3,790 shares of the oil and gas producer’s stock valued at $105,000 after buying an additional 2,615 shares in the last quarter.  Baystate Wealth Management LLC boosted its position in shares of  Enterprise Products Partners L.P. by 1,050.7% in the first quarter. Baystate Wealth Management LLC now owns 4,361 shares of the oil and gas producer’s stock valued at $122,000 after buying an additional 3,982 shares in the last quarter.  Crestwood Advisors Group LLC acquired a new position in shares of  Enterprise Products Partners L.P. during the first quarter valued at about $140,000.  Intellectus Partners LLC boosted its position in shares of  Enterprise Products Partners L.P. by 8.0% in the first quarter. Intellectus Partners LLC now owns 5,400 shares of the oil and gas producer’s stock valued at $149,000 after buying an additional 399 shares in the last quarter.  Finally, Independent Portfolio Consultants Inc. boosted its position in shares of  Enterprise Products Partners L.P. by 6.1% in the first quarter. Independent Portfolio Consultants Inc. now owns 7,000 shares of the oil and gas producer’s stock valued at $193,000 after buying an additional 405 shares in the last quarter. 38.54% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. 


 Get Enterprise Products Partners L.P. alerts:



Shares of Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (NYSE:EPD) opened at 27.60 on Thursday. The firm has a market capitalization of $58.96 billion, a PE ratio of 22.35 and a beta of 0.89. Enterprise Products Partners L.P. has a 12-month low of $24.01 and a 12-month high of $30.25. The company’s 50 day moving average is $27.00 and its 200 day moving average is $27.50.  Enterprise Products Partners L.P. also was the recipient of some unusual options trading on Tuesday. Investors  bought  21,588 call options on the company. This is an increase of 900% compared to the average volume of 2,159 call options.




Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (NYSE:EPD) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, May 2nd. The oil and gas producer reported $0.36 EPS for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.32 by $0.04. Enterprise Products Partners L.P. had a return on equity of 11.73% and a net margin of 10.31%. The firm had revenue of $7.32 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $6.05 billion. During the same period last year, the firm posted $0.33 earnings per share. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 46.3% on a year-over-year basis.  On average, analysts forecast that  Enterprise Products Partners L.P. will post $1.41 earnings per share for the current year. 
The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, August 7th. Stockholders of record on Monday, July 31st will be paid a dividend of $0.42 per share. This represents a $1.68 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 6.09%. This is a positive change from Enterprise Products Partners L.P.’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.42. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, July 27th. Enterprise Products Partners L.P.’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 133.87%. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Signaturefd LLC Acquires 13,265 Shares of Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (NYSE:EPD)” was originally  posted by Week Herald and is the property of of Week Herald. If you are accessing this news story on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States and international copyright and trademark laws. The correct version of this news story can be viewed at https://weekherald.com/2017/07/27/signaturefd-llc-acquires-13265-shares-of-enterprise-products-partners-l-p-nyseepd.html. 
Several equities analysts have recently issued reports on the stock. BMO Capital Markets  set a $33.00 price objective on shares of Enterprise Products Partners L.P. and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Monday, June 5th. Stifel Nicolaus  reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $33.00 price objective on shares of Enterprise Products Partners L.P. in a research note on Friday, July 14th. Sanford C. Bernstein assumed coverage on shares of Enterprise Products Partners L.P. in a research note on Tuesday, May 16th. They issued an “outperform” rating on the stock. Morgan Stanley raised shares of Enterprise Products Partners L.P. from an “equal weight” rating to an “overweight” rating and lifted their price objective for the stock from $26.37 to $26.50 in a research note on Thursday, June 15th. Finally, Vetr raised shares of Enterprise Products Partners L.P. from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $31.42 price objective on the stock in a research note on Monday, April 24th. One research analyst  has rated the stock with a hold rating, seventeen have assigned  a buy rating and one  has given a strong buy rating to the stock. The company  has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $32.05.
About Enterprise Products Partners L.P.
Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (Enterprise) is a provider of midstream energy services to producers and consumers of natural gas, natural gas liquids (NGLs), crude oil, petrochemicals and refined products in North America. The Company’s segments include NGL Pipelines & Services; Crude Oil Pipelines & Services; Natural Gas Pipelines & Services, and Petrochemical & Refined Products Services.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding EPD? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (NYSE:EPD).







Receive News & Ratings for Enterprise Products Partners L.P. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Enterprise Products Partners L.P. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 



 























Latest News




Bank of Montreal Can Buys 3,430 Shares of Ulta Beauty Inc. 





HollyFrontier Corporation  Stake Raised by Capstone Asset Management Co.





Empresa Nacional de Electricidad S.A.  Shares Sold by Capstone Asset Management Co.





Capstone Asset Management Co. Has $709,000 Position in Coherent, Inc. 





Capstone Asset Management Co. Sells 561 Shares of Sealed Air Corporation 





Becker Capital Management Inc. Purchases 9,720 Shares of Allergan plc 






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website








 


 

 


































 QuickCorps.Com | Form an LLC or incorporate for business online today
































Incorporate Now















Launch Your Business 
With Speed And Value


Packages starting at $39 plus state filing fees.
Free 1st Year Registered Agent. 
All orders include free shipping.

Get Started











Start Your Business In 3 Easy Steps






1


Select a Package
We provide a side by side comparison of each of our packages. Select the package that is most suitable to your business needs.






2


Complete Order Form
Provide information about your company based on the selected state of incorporation.






3


Receive Your Documents
We do the work for you to draft your articles and work with the state to file your company. Upon completion we will mail your filed company formation documents to the address you provide.






What's included in each package?
See Plans & Pricing









How Does it Work

Once your order is placed we will begin processing the formation of your company. If additional information is required we will contact you for the necessary information. We handle your formation from beginning to end and make sure that your formation is filed quickly and correctly.





Review  Order Details

Every new order is reviewed for accuracy and conformity to state filing guidelines.



Name  Availability Search

A thorough name search is conducted with the state to ascertain the availability of the company name.



Prepare  and File Documents

Articles of Incorporation / Organization are prepared and delivered to the governing state agency.



Deliver  Filed Documents

The filed articles along with any additional services are mailed to the client.












Get a Quick Quote







Select Entity Type
LLC
S-Corporation
C-Corporation
Nonprofit






Select State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
Washington DC
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming








Get Started Now














How can we help you?



Client Support 





Name *



Email Address *



Phone Number *



Message *





Send Message



Thanks for your message! We'll get back to you as soon as we can.

Send Other
































Integrated Investment Consultants LLC Increases Position in Mueller Water Products (MWA) - Watch List News



















































Home
About
Staff
Privacy Policy
Contact
























Headlines
Business
US News
Health
World
Investing
Technology




















Mueller Water Products - Get News & Ratings Daily

		Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Mueller Water Products with our FREE daily email newsletter:



 






Follow Watchlist News

 











Latest News



Valero Energy Corporation (VLO) Rating Lowered to Hold at BidaskClub					

Controladora Vuela Compania de Aviacion, S.A.B. de C.V. (NYSE:VLRS) Rating Lowered to Hold at BidaskClub					

Veritiv Corporation (VRTV) Cut to “Strong Sell” at BidaskClub					

Vectren Corporation (NYSE:VVC) Rating Increased to Sell at BidaskClub					

Western Alliance Bancorporation (WAL) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Barclays PLC					

Barclays PLC Reiterates Overweight Rating for Wildhorse Resource Development Corporation (NYSE:WRD)					

Westrock Company (WRK) Rating Lowered to Hold at BidaskClub					

Exxon Mobil Corporation (XOM) Upgraded to “Strong-Buy” by Vetr Inc.					

Whitestone REIT (NYSE:WSR) Upgraded to “Strong-Buy” by BidaskClub					

XPO Logistics, Inc. (NYSE:XPO) Lowered to “Buy” at BidaskClub					

Xerox Corporation (XRX) Upgraded to Equal Weight by Barclays PLC					

Williams Companies, Inc. (The) (NYSE:WMB) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research					

Williams Partners LP (WPZ) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research					

BidaskClub Downgrades WNS (Holdings) Limited (NYSE:WNS) to Hold					

BidaskClub Upgrades Wabash National Corporation (WNC) to Buy					

WEX Inc. (WEX) Stock Rating Upgraded by BidaskClub					

Waste Connections, Inc. (NYSE:WCN) Lowered to “Buy” at BidaskClub					

Autoliv, Inc. (NYSE:ALV) Given New $98.00 Price Target at Royal Bank Of Canada					

American International Group, Inc. (AIG) Rating Lowered to Sell at BidaskClub					

Great Ajax Corp. (AJX) Cut to “Hold” at BidaskClub					



Archives

July 2017
June 2017
May 2017
April 2017
March 2017
February 2017
January 2017
December 2016
November 2016
October 2016
September 2016
August 2016
July 2016
June 2016
May 2016
March 2016
November 2015
October 2015
September 2015
August 2015
July 2015
June 2015
May 2015
April 2015
March 2015
February 2015
January 2015
December 2014
November 2014
October 2014
September 2014
August 2014
July 2014
June 2014
May 2014
April 2014
March 2014
February 2014
January 2014




 




						Integrated Investment Consultants LLC Increases Position in Mueller Water Products (MWA)					

						 July 13th, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Kyle Jackson 


							Filed Under: Investing - SEC Filing Articles 






Tweet










Integrated Investment Consultants LLC boosted its stake in  Mueller Water Products (NYSE:MWA) by 21.3% during the second quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the SEC. The fund owned 19,918 shares of the industrial products company’s stock after buying an additional 3,503 shares during the period. Integrated Investment Consultants LLC’s holdings in Mueller Water Products were worth $233,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. 
Several other large investors have also recently bought and sold shares of MWA. O Shaughnessy Asset Management LLC boosted its stake in  Mueller Water Products by 0.5% in the first quarter. O Shaughnessy Asset Management LLC now owns 80,965 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $957,000 after buying an additional 413 shares during the period.  Worth Venture Partners LLC boosted its stake in  Mueller Water Products by 8.8% in the first quarter. Worth Venture Partners LLC now owns 14,061 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $166,000 after buying an additional 1,140 shares during the period.  Intrust Bank NA boosted its stake in  Mueller Water Products by 6.5% in the first quarter. Intrust Bank NA now owns 21,823 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $258,000 after buying an additional 1,338 shares during the period.  Suffolk Capital Management LLC boosted its stake in  Mueller Water Products by 1.7% in the first quarter. Suffolk Capital Management LLC now owns 120,317 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $1,422,000 after buying an additional 1,985 shares during the period.  Finally, Greenwood Capital Associates LLC boosted its stake in  Mueller Water Products by 16.0% in the first quarter. Greenwood Capital Associates LLC now owns 18,937 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $224,000 after buying an additional 2,619 shares during the period. Institutional investors own  87.34% of the company’s stock. 
Mueller Water Products (MWA) traded down 0.35% during midday trading on Thursday, reaching $11.39. 206,747 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. Mueller Water Products has a 12-month low of $10.45 and a 12-month high of $14.20. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $11.32 and a 200 day moving average price of $12.24. The company has a market cap of $1.82 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 15.37 and a beta of 1.38. 




Mueller Water Products (NYSE:MWA) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, April 27th. The industrial products company reported $0.09 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, meeting the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.09. The business had revenue of $199.70 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $206 million. Mueller Water Products had a net margin of 12.45% and a return on equity of 18.45%. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 1.3% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the previous year, the firm earned $0.10 EPS.  On average, analysts expect that  Mueller Water Products will post $0.45 EPS for the current fiscal year. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Integrated Investment Consultants LLC Increases Position in Mueller Water Products (MWA)” was originally  reported by Watch List News and is the property of of Watch List News. If you are viewing this news story on another site, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of international copyright law. The legal version of this news story can be viewed at https://www.watchlistnews.com/integrated-investment-consultants-llc-increases-position-in-mueller-water-products-mwa/1435595.html. 
Several equities research analysts have recently weighed in on the stock. Nomura assumed coverage on shares of Mueller Water Products in a research report on Wednesday, April 12th. They set a “buy” rating and a $15.00 price objective for the company. BidaskClub upgraded shares of Mueller Water Products from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Saturday, June 17th. CIBC  reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of Mueller Water Products in a research report on Wednesday, May 10th. Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc.  reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of Mueller Water Products in a research report on Tuesday, May 9th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Mueller Water Products from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $13.00 price objective for the company in a research report on Tuesday, April 11th. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and six have issued  a buy rating to the company’s stock. Mueller Water Products presently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $13.71.
In other news, Director Bernard G. Rethore sold 56,400 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, May 30th. The shares were sold at an average price of $11.23, for a total value of $633,372.00. Following the sale, the director now directly owns 27,303 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $306,612.69. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this link. Also, Director Shirley C. Franklin sold 9,156 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, June 14th. The stock was sold at an average price of $11.40, for a total transaction of $104,378.40. Following the completion of the sale, the director now directly owns 39,157 shares in the company, valued at $446,389.80. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 4.30% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. 
Mueller Water Products Company Profile
Mueller Water Products, Inc is a manufacturer and marketer of products and services used in the transmission, distribution and measurement of water in North America. The Company operates through two segments: Mueller Co and Mueller Technologies. The Mueller Co segment manufactures valves for water and gas systems, and dry-barrel and wet-barrel fire hydrants.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MWA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Mueller Water Products (NYSE:MWA).



Receive News & Ratings for Mueller Water Products Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Mueller Water Products and related companies with Analyst Ratings Network's FREE daily email newsletter.



 










Kyle Jackson 























 Comment on this Post

Click here to cancel reply.



Name (required)

Mail (will not be published) (required)

Website






Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be placed in moderation!




Latest News




Sirius XM Making Big Investment In Pandora





Tax Reform Not Going Quite As Planned





Western Digital Files Lawsuit To Halt Toshiba Chip Business Sale





Sinclair Broadcast Group Announces Deal For Tribune Media





Starbucks Has A Hit With Its Unicorn Frappuccino











			© Watch List News, LLC 2008-2017. All rights reserved. 


Privacy Policy |
			About | Staff 
			| Contact 

















































 Team - SignatureFD 


























































































        

























No menu assigned!













Your tailored financial design is delivered and managed by a senior relationship manager that you know and trust. However, our comprehensive offering is developed by a team whose combined wisdom and expertise brings you the most innovative and integrated strategies for wealth accumulation, wealth preservation, and wealth transfer.
Each team member is an expert in his or her field, with many of our senior relationship managers holding advanced degrees and/or multiple professional designations. It is this strong collaboration of experts that provides the broad scope and deep resources to support every aspect of your relationship with us.
We are experts, committed to being there for you when you need us, to partnering with the best service providers in the market, to working together to design you a blueprint that reflects your individual goals, and to executing strategies allowing you to see real progress towards those goals.









 



HEADQUARTERS
1230 Peachtree Street, NE
Suite 1800
Atlanta, GA 30309
Directions




NORTH CAROLINA OFFICE
4601 Park Road
Suite 450
Charlotte, NC 28209 


Tel: (404) 253-7600
Fax: (404) 253-7601



 


 

Financial Design for Life®










©2016 SignatureFD®. All rights reserved. | Definitions | Privacy | Disclosure Information



        












HOME
ABOUT US

WHO WE ARE
PARTNERS & DIRECTORS
ASSOCIATES


BLOG
EVENTS
CAREERS
CLIENT LOGIN



 

 








 



X









X









X



































SIGNATUREFD LLC - HOUSTON, TX - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



TX



HOUSTON



Nonclassifiable Establishments



Nonclassifiable Establishments



                            SIGNATUREFD LLC
                                    



 





















S 


SIGNATUREFD LLC
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



3244 HUNTINGDON PL HOUSTON, TX 77019
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue --
 Employee Count 0
 Industries Nonclassifiable Establishments
 Contacts ART SEIFERT






Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Signaturefd Llc was founded in 2010. Signaturefd Llc specializes in Nonclassifiable Establishments. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







S

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com







Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.














﻿






























MUELLER WATER PRODUCTS (NYSE:MWA) Position Reduced by Goldman Sachs Group Inc. - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for MUELLER WATER PRODUCTS

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor MUELLER WATER PRODUCTS with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

Park National Co. (PRK) Announces Quarterly  Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.17 EPS
Anixter International Inc. (AXE) Announces Quarterly  Earnings Results
CIT Group Inc (DEL) (CIT) Issues Quarterly  Earnings Results
BidaskClub Lowers Old Dominion Freight Line, Inc. (ODFL) to Buy
Entegris, Inc. (ENTG) Upgraded by BidaskClub to “Buy”
American Campus Communities Inc (ACC) Releases FY17 Earnings Guidance
Dorchester Minerals, L.P. (DMLP) Stock Rating Lowered by BidaskClub
Meridian Bancorp, Inc. (NASDAQ:EBSB) Rating Lowered to Strong Sell at BidaskClub
CVB Financial Corporation (CVBF) Lifted to Buy at Zacks Investment Research
FirstEnergy Corporation to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.62 Per Share, KeyCorp Forecasts (NYSE:FE)
CMS Energy Corporation (CMS) Forecasted to Earn Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.37 Per Share
Biolase, Inc. (BIOL) Downgraded by ValuEngine to “Sell”
Contrasting Clorox Company (The) (NYSE:CLX) & WD-40 (WDFC)
Analyzing REX American Resources Corporation (REX) and Green Plains (GPRE)
UMB Financial Corporation (NASDAQ:UMBF) Announces Quarterly  Earnings Results
Duke Energy Corporation (DUK) to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of $1.02 Per Share, KeyCorp Forecasts
Zacks: Brokerages Expect Flowers Foods, Inc. (FLO) Will Post Earnings of $0.23 Per Share
Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Southern Company (The) (NYSE:SO) Boosted by Analyst
MUELLER WATER PRODUCTS (NYSE:MWA) Position Reduced by Goldman Sachs Group Inc.
MUELLER WATER PRODUCTS (NYSE:MWA) Stake Cut by Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY







MUELLER WATER PRODUCTS (NYSE:MWA) Position Reduced by Goldman Sachs Group Inc.


					Posted by Chloe McGuire on Jul 26th, 2017 // No Comments




Goldman Sachs Group Inc. cut its position in shares of  MUELLER WATER PRODUCTS (NYSE:MWA) by 26.5% during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund owned 400,870 shares of the industrial products company’s stock after selling 144,884 shares during the period. Goldman Sachs Group Inc. owned approximately 0.25% of MUELLER WATER PRODUCTS worth $4,738,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. 
A number of other large investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Russell Investments Group Ltd. bought a new stake in  MUELLER WATER PRODUCTS during the fourth quarter worth approximately $672,000.  Renaissance Technologies LLC increased its stake in  MUELLER WATER PRODUCTS by 47.2% in the fourth quarter. Renaissance Technologies LLC now owns 493,200 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $6,564,000 after buying an additional 158,200 shares in the last quarter.  Tudor Investment Corp Et Al bought a new stake in  MUELLER WATER PRODUCTS during the fourth quarter worth approximately $179,000.  USA Financial Portformulas Corp bought a new stake in  MUELLER WATER PRODUCTS during the fourth quarter worth approximately $237,000.  Finally, Contravisory Investment Management Inc. bought a new stake in  MUELLER WATER PRODUCTS during the first quarter worth approximately $164,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own  87.33% of the company’s stock. 


 Get MUELLER WATER PRODUCTS alerts:



Shares of MUELLER WATER PRODUCTS (MWA) opened at 11.46 on Wednesday. The firm has a 50 day moving average price of $11.43 and a 200 day moving average price of $11.99. The company has a market capitalization of $1.83 billion, a P/E ratio of 15.47 and a beta of 1.38. MUELLER WATER PRODUCTS has a one year low of $10.45 and a one year high of $14.20. 





MUELLER WATER PRODUCTS (NYSE:MWA) last announced its earnings results on Thursday, April 27th. The industrial products company reported $0.09 EPS for the quarter, hitting the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.09. The firm had revenue of $199.70 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $206 million. MUELLER WATER PRODUCTS had a return on equity of 18.45% and a net margin of 12.45%. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 1.3% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the previous year, the business earned $0.10 EPS.  On average, equities research analysts predict that  MUELLER WATER PRODUCTS will post $0.45 EPS for the current fiscal year. 
WARNING: This report was originally  reported by Chaffey Breeze and is the property of of Chaffey Breeze. If you are reading this report on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright legislation. The original version of this report can be read at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/26/mueller-water-products-nysemwa-position-reduced-by-goldman-sachs-group-inc.html. 
A number of equities research analysts recently commented on MWA shares. Zacks Investment Research upgraded MUELLER WATER PRODUCTS from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $13.00 price objective for the company in a report on Tuesday, April 11th. Nomura started coverage on MUELLER WATER PRODUCTS in a report on Wednesday, April 12th. They issued a “buy” rating and a $15.00 price objective for the company. Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc.  reiterated an “outperform” rating and issued a $13.00 price objective (down previously from $15.00) on shares of MUELLER WATER PRODUCTS in a report on Tuesday, May 2nd. CIBC dropped their price objective on MUELLER WATER PRODUCTS from $15.00 to $13.00 and set an “outperform” rating for the company in a report on Wednesday, May 3rd. Finally, BidaskClub downgraded MUELLER WATER PRODUCTS from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a report on Friday, June 9th. One analyst  has rated the stock with a sell rating, two have assigned  a hold rating and six have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $13.71.
In other news, Director Bernard G. Rethore sold 56,400 shares of MUELLER WATER PRODUCTS stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, May 30th. The stock was sold at an average price of $11.23, for a total value of $633,372.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now directly owns 27,303 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $306,612.69. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, Director Shirley C. Franklin sold 9,156 shares of MUELLER WATER PRODUCTS stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, June 14th. The stock was sold at an average price of $11.40, for a total value of $104,378.40. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now directly owns 39,157 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $446,389.80. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 4.30% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. 
About MUELLER WATER PRODUCTS
Mueller Water Products, Inc is a manufacturer and marketer of products and services used in the transmission, distribution and measurement of water in North America. The Company operates through three segments: Mueller Co, Anvil and Mueller Technologies. The Mueller Co segment manufactures valves for water and gas systems, and dry-barrel and wet-barrel fire hydrants.







Receive News & Ratings for MUELLER WATER PRODUCTS Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for MUELLER WATER PRODUCTS and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 


















































 SIGNATURELAW - SignatureFD 





















































































        

























No menu assigned!













  














  








  











SIGNATURELAW®

 
As a successful attorney, your time is one of your most valuable assets. Every day, you must balance your professional obligations to your clients and your firm with your commitments to your family, friends and personal interests.
At SignatureLAW®, we help you leverage your time by making sure your wealth is aligned with your goals. We are a team of specialists for specialists. Our in-house professionals include wealth managers, financial planners, investment professionals, tax experts and risk management consultants.
Your SignatureLAW® team’s goal is to empower you to use your wealth, time, influence and expertise to live a great life. We offer efficient and effective solutions, designed for a life lived in six-minute intervals.
We will:

Leverage our team of experts to inventory, map and make recommendations for optimizing your law firm’s specific benefits to ensure that you are using all your available resources.
Create a plan for income replacement in retirement (including advising on capital draws, pension payouts and more).
Measure whether your progress toward your goals is on schedule and on target.
Assist with the day-to-day financial details that you may not have the bandwidth to manage so you can reduce your stress and increase your productivity.
Analyze your current plan to see if it’s working for you. If it is, we’ll say so. If it’s not, we’ll recommend the changes we think will benefit you.
Proactively monitor your financial life so that we can help you address potential problems before they have a chance to jeopardize your financial security.
Offer tools, like our online portfolio dashboard, so you can see your complete financial picture at a glance.

Your time is precious. Don’t waste it managing details that can be outsourced. When you work with SignatureLAW®, our goal is to help provide freedom from worry about financial matters, which allows you to move toward a more balanced life and focus on the things that matter most to you.

SignatureLAW® is led by Chuck Gray
Partner, Director of SignatureLAW®

CLICK HERE FOR BIO












  








  




 





						July 6, 2017					

  1 





										Memories, did you know they can be wrong?									 

By Pam Bunyan | SignatureWOMEN | 
								No Comments

What is it about this time of year that makes us so nostalgic? Is it all the graduation parties and family reunions? Maybe that feeling comes along when all the radio stations begin to play oldies on what seems to be an orchestrated date – a date that heralds summer. Have you ever wondered how memories are made? Did you know they can be wrong?
Read More










						July 6, 2017					

  1 





										Stepping out again									 

By Pam Bunyan | SignatureWOMEN | 
								No Comments

Many women of our generation believe we were raised to sacrifice and serve, so we became at ease with doing so. When a chance comes for us to move out of our comfort zone, we have a hard time making ourselves take advantage of it. We often decline, thinking our time is too valuable at home – not realizing our “serving role” has become a part of our identity. So how do we break out of those old habits and step out into the world again?
Read More










						June 1, 2017					

  0 





										SignatureFD Expands Focus on Athletes and Entertainers with Addition of Rob Vaka									 

By SignatureFD | Press Releases | 
								No Comments

SignatureFD, a leading privately held financial design and advisory firm, today announced the addition of Rob Vaka as Director of Client Engagement, SignaturePRO. This role was created to expand SignatureFD’s focus on addressing the highly specialized needs of athletes and entertainers, leveraging Vaka’s extensive experience in this market segment.
Read More










						May 18, 2017					

  1 





										News or Noise: Housing season starts strong – is that positive or negative?									 

By David Fisher | Asset Management | 
								No Comments

March represents the beginning of the key season for housing. In our opinion, this spring’s selling season is not just important for the housing market, but as a key indicator of the strength of the domestic economy. Over the past few weeks there have been several reports showing continued momentum for both new and existing home sales as well as home values.
Read More










						March 28, 2017					

  11 





										Finding Joy by Keeping Life Simple									 

By Linda Schaeffer | SignatureWOMEN | 
								No Comments

Several years ago, I went on a 10-day mission trip to a rural area in…
Read More










						March 22, 2017					

  0 





										SignaturePRO Initiative Sets Athletes up to Win in Retirement									 

By SignatureFD | Press Releases | 
								No Comments

ATLANTA – March 22, 2017 – SignatureFD, a leading privately held financial design and advisory…
Read More










						February 17, 2017					

  1 





										Making and Keeping Those Goals and Resolutions									 

By Pam Bunyan | SignatureWOMEN | 
								No Comments

Oh, those New Year’s resolutions! By now, if you made any, they may have already fallen by the wayside. And if that’s the case, you’re not alone. 
Read More










						January 27, 2017					

  0 





										SignatureFD Named One of the “Best and Brightest” Firms to Work for Nationwide									 

By SignatureFD | Press Releases | 
								No Comments

SignatureFD is proud to announce that it has been named one of the nation’s “Best and Brightest Companies to Work For.”
Read More










						November 23, 2016					

  1 





										Living a Longer, Richer Life									 

By Pam Bunyan | SignatureWOMEN | 
								No Comments

Identifying common traits for insights into enriching our lives.
Read More










						November 18, 2016					

  0 





										News or Noise Special Edition: What the Markets Think of Regime Change									 

By David Fisher | Asset Management, Investments, Webinars | 
								No Comments

In this video, David Fisher, Co-Founder & Chief Investment Officer, and Russ Cearley, Partner & Director of Portfolio Strategy, tackle the 2016 Presidential Election and its potential impact on the markets. Is the market a good predictor of the election outcome? If so, what is the market saying about 2016? What might happen with a Republican win? A Democratic win? David and Russ discuss all of this and more in the video below.
Read More












  

















 



HEADQUARTERS
1230 Peachtree Street, NE
Suite 1800
Atlanta, GA 30309
Directions




NORTH CAROLINA OFFICE
4601 Park Road
Suite 450
Charlotte, NC 28209 


Tel: (404) 253-7600
Fax: (404) 253-7601



 


 

Financial Design for Life®










©2016 SignatureFD®. All rights reserved. | Definitions | Privacy | Disclosure Information



        












HOME
ABOUT US

WHO WE ARE
PARTNERS & DIRECTORS
ASSOCIATES


BLOG
EVENTS
CAREERS
CLIENT LOGIN



 

 








 



X









X









X










































 SignatureFD - SignatureFD 






















































































        

























No menu assigned!














  






Financial Design for Life®
We are committed to empowering you to use
your wealth to live a great life. By combining our deep
expertise, innovative approach and comprehensive
service offering we deliver a personalized
financial design as unique as you.

REDEFINE YOUR WEALTH







  






Financial Design for Life.®
We are committed to empowering you to use
your wealth to live a great life. By combining our deep
expertise, innovative approach and comprehensive
service offering we deliver a personalized
financial design as unique as you.

REDEFINE YOUR WEALTH







  






Financial Design for Life.®
We are committed to empowering you to use your wealth to live a great life. By combining our deep expertise, innovative approach and comprehensive service offering we deliver a personalized financial design as unique as you.

REDEFINE YOUR WEALTH







  












Take Control Of Your Financial Future.
We are passionate about delivering exceptional advice, planning and service to provide you with the financial peace of mind necessary to allow you to live confidently, fully and purposefully.
Take Control Now













  












Take Control Of 
Your Financial Future.

We are passionate about delivering exceptional advice, planning and service to provide you with the financial peace of mind necessary to allow you to live confidently, fully and purposefully.

Take Control Now













  




  











Initiatives
Each of our distinct signature initiatives is designed to meet the diverse needs of the people we serve. Our ultimate goal is to deliver specialized support to each member of our many client groups, so that they have the knowledge and the freedom they need to live a great life.

















  





http://www.signaturefd.com/wp-content/themes/salient/css/fonts/svg/basic_case.svg





SIGNATUREEXEC®
You take care of your company, but are you confident you are doing all you can with your executive benefits and your personal wealth to be ready for what’s next in life?

LEARN MORE











http://www.signaturefd.com/wp-content/themes/salient/css/fonts/svg/ecommerce_gift.svg





SIGNATUREGENEROSITY®
Embracing a spirit of generosity is a way to live a more fulfilled, vibrant life and can trigger surprising ripple effects, transforming your life and the lives of others in ways you may never have imagined.

LEARN MORE











http://www.signaturefd.com/wp-content/themes/salient/css/fonts/svg/basic_heart.svg





SIGNATUREHEALTH
A person’s well-being depends on more than just physical health. Commitments to family, patients and practice can leave little time for health care professionals like you to focus on long-term financial security.

LEARN MORE






  





http://www.signaturefd.com/wp-content/themes/salient/css/fonts/svg/basic_folder_multiple.svg





SIGNATURELAW®
As a successful attorney, your time is one of your most valuable assets. Every day, you must balance your professional obligations to your clients and your firm with your commitments to your family, friends and personal interests.

LEARN MORE











http://www.signaturefd.com/wp-content/themes/salient/css/fonts/svg/basic_female.svg





SIGNATUREWOMEN®
At SignatureFD®, we understand that a woman’s wealth management needs are as unique as she is. In response to that, we created SignatureWOMEN®, our innovative solution to helping women like you build and grow their wealth.

LEARN MORE










http://www.signaturefd.com/wp-content/themes/salient/css/fonts/svg/basic_helm.svg





SIGNATUREENTREPRENEUR
As an entrepreneur, your business requires an inordinate amount of your time and energy. At SignatureFD® we help business owners achieve and maintain financial independence and balance in their lives.

LEARN MORE










  






Wealth is only significant to the extent it allows you to enjoy what is important to you.













  






Wealth is only significant to
the extent it allows you to enjoy
what is important to you.













  








  











Solutions
At SignatureFD, we offer a variety of signature services designed to address the complex financial and investment needs you face, providing you the financial peace of mind needed to live confidently, fully, and purposefully.



















  











Solutions

At SignatureFD, we offer a variety of signature services designed to address the complex financial and investment needs you face, providing you the financial peace of mind needed to live confidently, fully, and purposefully.



















  









  



  
Designing A Great Life®
We strive to help you to live the life you dream of by designing and executing an innovative and comprehensive wealth program designed to let your wealth work for you to achieve your life goals. 






  
Asset Management
We have a fully integrated and customized approach to investment consulting that is designed to preserve and grow your capital so that you can live fully knowing your wealth is now working hard for you. Our focus is to help you achieve your goals by maximizing your returns, minimizing your taxes and expenses, and mitigating your risks. 






  
Asset Protection
We review and consult on asset protection & risk management strategies as well as life, disability, long-term care and property and casualty insurance (personal and business) coverage to proactively manage your risk to protect your family and property from unforeseen events. 














  








  









  



  
Cash Flow, Debt & Taxes
Whether you are currently saving for the future or living off your portfolio, the single biggest driver of your wealth program is your cash flow plan. Since your cash flow is affected by your income, spending, debt payments, and taxes, they all need to be coordinated to allow you to build and use your wealth purposefully. 






  
Wealth Transfer Planning
Your wealth doesn’t just represent security, freedom, and opportunity for you. It offers that for your family as well. And the time comes when you must look to the future and determine how you want your wealth to impact your family, your community, and society as a whole. 














  












schedule a free consultation







  








  








Schedule An Appointment


















Financial Services of Interest 
Asset Management
Asset Protection
Wealth Management
Wealth Transfer Planning
Cash Flow Debt & Taxes




Contact Me By
Email
Phone





 






























 



HEADQUARTERS
1230 Peachtree Street, NE
Suite 1800
Atlanta, GA 30309
Directions




NORTH CAROLINA OFFICE
4601 Park Road
Suite 450
Charlotte, NC 28209 


Tel: (404) 253-7600
Fax: (404) 253-7601



 


 

Financial Design for Life®










©2016 SignatureFD®. All rights reserved. | Definitions | Privacy | Disclosure Information



        












HOME
ABOUT US

WHO WE ARE
PARTNERS & DIRECTORS
ASSOCIATES


BLOG
EVENTS
CAREERS
CLIENT LOGIN



 

 








 



X









X









X










































 brochures - SignatureFD 




































































































        

























No menu assigned!













  





Company and Services






  









  






Company Overview











Firm Overview











Wealth Blueprint Process






  






Financial Design Services











Wealth Transfer Planning











Asset Protection






  






Cash Flow, Debt and Tax Management











Retirement Plan Services











Property and Casualty






  






Property and Casualty Commercial Insurance











Asset Management












  






Initiatives







  






SignatureWOMEN











SignatureGENEROSITY












  






Case Studies







  






Suddenly Solo
A SignatureFD Case Study on moving forward after loss











Breaking Up is Hard to Do

A SignatureFD Case Study on moving forward after a divorce































 



HEADQUARTERS
1230 Peachtree Street, NE
Suite 1800
Atlanta, GA 30309
Directions




NORTH CAROLINA OFFICE
4601 Park Road
Suite 450
Charlotte, NC 28209 


Tel: (404) 253-7600
Fax: (404) 253-7601



 


 

Financial Design for Life®










©2016 SignatureFD®. All rights reserved. | Definitions | Privacy | Disclosure Information



        












HOME
ABOUT US

WHO WE ARE
PARTNERS & DIRECTORS
ASSOCIATES


BLOG
EVENTS
CAREERS
CLIENT LOGIN



 

 








 



X









X









X









































 SignatureFD - SignatureFD 






















































































        

























No menu assigned!














  






Financial Design for Life®
We are committed to empowering you to use
your wealth to live a great life. By combining our deep
expertise, innovative approach and comprehensive
service offering we deliver a personalized
financial design as unique as you.

REDEFINE YOUR WEALTH







  






Financial Design for Life.®
We are committed to empowering you to use
your wealth to live a great life. By combining our deep
expertise, innovative approach and comprehensive
service offering we deliver a personalized
financial design as unique as you.

REDEFINE YOUR WEALTH







  






Financial Design for Life.®
We are committed to empowering you to use your wealth to live a great life. By combining our deep expertise, innovative approach and comprehensive service offering we deliver a personalized financial design as unique as you.

REDEFINE YOUR WEALTH







  












Take Control Of Your Financial Future.
We are passionate about delivering exceptional advice, planning and service to provide you with the financial peace of mind necessary to allow you to live confidently, fully and purposefully.
Take Control Now













  












Take Control Of 
Your Financial Future.

We are passionate about delivering exceptional advice, planning and service to provide you with the financial peace of mind necessary to allow you to live confidently, fully and purposefully.

Take Control Now













  




  











Initiatives
Each of our distinct signature initiatives is designed to meet the diverse needs of the people we serve. Our ultimate goal is to deliver specialized support to each member of our many client groups, so that they have the knowledge and the freedom they need to live a great life.

















  





http://www.signaturefd.com/wp-content/themes/salient/css/fonts/svg/basic_case.svg





SIGNATUREEXEC®
You take care of your company, but are you confident you are doing all you can with your executive benefits and your personal wealth to be ready for what’s next in life?

LEARN MORE











http://www.signaturefd.com/wp-content/themes/salient/css/fonts/svg/ecommerce_gift.svg





SIGNATUREGENEROSITY®
Embracing a spirit of generosity is a way to live a more fulfilled, vibrant life and can trigger surprising ripple effects, transforming your life and the lives of others in ways you may never have imagined.

LEARN MORE











http://www.signaturefd.com/wp-content/themes/salient/css/fonts/svg/basic_heart.svg





SIGNATUREHEALTH
A person’s well-being depends on more than just physical health. Commitments to family, patients and practice can leave little time for health care professionals like you to focus on long-term financial security.

LEARN MORE






  





http://www.signaturefd.com/wp-content/themes/salient/css/fonts/svg/basic_folder_multiple.svg





SIGNATURELAW®
As a successful attorney, your time is one of your most valuable assets. Every day, you must balance your professional obligations to your clients and your firm with your commitments to your family, friends and personal interests.

LEARN MORE











http://www.signaturefd.com/wp-content/themes/salient/css/fonts/svg/basic_female.svg





SIGNATUREWOMEN®
At SignatureFD®, we understand that a woman’s wealth management needs are as unique as she is. In response to that, we created SignatureWOMEN®, our innovative solution to helping women like you build and grow their wealth.

LEARN MORE










http://www.signaturefd.com/wp-content/themes/salient/css/fonts/svg/basic_helm.svg





SIGNATUREENTREPRENEUR
As an entrepreneur, your business requires an inordinate amount of your time and energy. At SignatureFD® we help business owners achieve and maintain financial independence and balance in their lives.

LEARN MORE










  






Wealth is only significant to the extent it allows you to enjoy what is important to you.













  






Wealth is only significant to
the extent it allows you to enjoy
what is important to you.













  








  











Solutions
At SignatureFD, we offer a variety of signature services designed to address the complex financial and investment needs you face, providing you the financial peace of mind needed to live confidently, fully, and purposefully.



















  











Solutions

At SignatureFD, we offer a variety of signature services designed to address the complex financial and investment needs you face, providing you the financial peace of mind needed to live confidently, fully, and purposefully.



















  









  



  
Designing A Great Life®
We strive to help you to live the life you dream of by designing and executing an innovative and comprehensive wealth program designed to let your wealth work for you to achieve your life goals. 






  
Asset Management
We have a fully integrated and customized approach to investment consulting that is designed to preserve and grow your capital so that you can live fully knowing your wealth is now working hard for you. Our focus is to help you achieve your goals by maximizing your returns, minimizing your taxes and expenses, and mitigating your risks. 






  
Asset Protection
We review and consult on asset protection & risk management strategies as well as life, disability, long-term care and property and casualty insurance (personal and business) coverage to proactively manage your risk to protect your family and property from unforeseen events. 














  








  









  



  
Cash Flow, Debt & Taxes
Whether you are currently saving for the future or living off your portfolio, the single biggest driver of your wealth program is your cash flow plan. Since your cash flow is affected by your income, spending, debt payments, and taxes, they all need to be coordinated to allow you to build and use your wealth purposefully. 






  
Wealth Transfer Planning
Your wealth doesn’t just represent security, freedom, and opportunity for you. It offers that for your family as well. And the time comes when you must look to the future and determine how you want your wealth to impact your family, your community, and society as a whole. 














  












schedule a free consultation







  








  








Schedule An Appointment


















Financial Services of Interest 
Asset Management
Asset Protection
Wealth Management
Wealth Transfer Planning
Cash Flow Debt & Taxes




Contact Me By
Email
Phone





 






























 



HEADQUARTERS
1230 Peachtree Street, NE
Suite 1800
Atlanta, GA 30309
Directions




NORTH CAROLINA OFFICE
4601 Park Road
Suite 450
Charlotte, NC 28209 


Tel: (404) 253-7600
Fax: (404) 253-7601



 


 

Financial Design for Life®










©2016 SignatureFD®. All rights reserved. | Definitions | Privacy | Disclosure Information



        












HOME
ABOUT US

WHO WE ARE
PARTNERS & DIRECTORS
ASSOCIATES


BLOG
EVENTS
CAREERS
CLIENT LOGIN



 

 








 



X









X









X










































 SIGNATUREHEALTH - SignatureFD 





















































































        

























No menu assigned!













  














  








  











SIGNATUREHEALTH

 
A person’s well-being depends on more than just physical health—financial health also plays an essential role. However, commitments to family, patients and practice can leave little time for health care professionals like you to focus on long-term financial security.
At SignatureHEALTH, we know that your time is valuable and limited, and that your financial needs are complex and unique to your profession. We deliver tailored plans to help you live life confidently, fully and purposefully, both now and in retirement.
Using the SignatureFD Wealth Blueprint Process® for health care professionals, we build a strategy that addresses cash flow, asset management, retirement planning and much more. Our services are specific to your profession and include:

Asset protection strategies for practitioners and high-income professionals
Retirement scenario planning that reflects changing reimbursement rates and compensation
Business and personal liability insurance review
Personal and professional debt strategies
Employment and partnership contract review
Exit and transition strategies for practice owners
Employee benefits review, including plan elections and retirement allocations

While your wealth may be a reflection of your success, what you do with it makes it significant. At SignatureFD, we help you leverage your professional success into your personal passions so that you can live the life you’ve always envisioned.

SignatureHEALTH is led by James E. Tally II
Partner, Director of SignatureHEALTH

CLICK HERE FOR BIO












  








  




 





						July 6, 2017					

  1 





										Memories, did you know they can be wrong?									 

By Pam Bunyan | SignatureWOMEN | 
								No Comments

What is it about this time of year that makes us so nostalgic? Is it all the graduation parties and family reunions? Maybe that feeling comes along when all the radio stations begin to play oldies on what seems to be an orchestrated date – a date that heralds summer. Have you ever wondered how memories are made? Did you know they can be wrong?
Read More










						July 6, 2017					

  1 





										Stepping out again									 

By Pam Bunyan | SignatureWOMEN | 
								No Comments

Many women of our generation believe we were raised to sacrifice and serve, so we became at ease with doing so. When a chance comes for us to move out of our comfort zone, we have a hard time making ourselves take advantage of it. We often decline, thinking our time is too valuable at home – not realizing our “serving role” has become a part of our identity. So how do we break out of those old habits and step out into the world again?
Read More










						June 1, 2017					

  0 





										SignatureFD Expands Focus on Athletes and Entertainers with Addition of Rob Vaka									 

By SignatureFD | Press Releases | 
								No Comments

SignatureFD, a leading privately held financial design and advisory firm, today announced the addition of Rob Vaka as Director of Client Engagement, SignaturePRO. This role was created to expand SignatureFD’s focus on addressing the highly specialized needs of athletes and entertainers, leveraging Vaka’s extensive experience in this market segment.
Read More










						May 18, 2017					

  1 





										News or Noise: Housing season starts strong – is that positive or negative?									 

By David Fisher | Asset Management | 
								No Comments

March represents the beginning of the key season for housing. In our opinion, this spring’s selling season is not just important for the housing market, but as a key indicator of the strength of the domestic economy. Over the past few weeks there have been several reports showing continued momentum for both new and existing home sales as well as home values.
Read More










						March 28, 2017					

  11 





										Finding Joy by Keeping Life Simple									 

By Linda Schaeffer | SignatureWOMEN | 
								No Comments

Several years ago, I went on a 10-day mission trip to a rural area in…
Read More










						March 22, 2017					

  0 





										SignaturePRO Initiative Sets Athletes up to Win in Retirement									 

By SignatureFD | Press Releases | 
								No Comments

ATLANTA – March 22, 2017 – SignatureFD, a leading privately held financial design and advisory…
Read More










						February 17, 2017					

  1 





										Making and Keeping Those Goals and Resolutions									 

By Pam Bunyan | SignatureWOMEN | 
								No Comments

Oh, those New Year’s resolutions! By now, if you made any, they may have already fallen by the wayside. And if that’s the case, you’re not alone. 
Read More










						January 27, 2017					

  0 





										SignatureFD Named One of the “Best and Brightest” Firms to Work for Nationwide									 

By SignatureFD | Press Releases | 
								No Comments

SignatureFD is proud to announce that it has been named one of the nation’s “Best and Brightest Companies to Work For.”
Read More










						November 23, 2016					

  1 





										Living a Longer, Richer Life									 

By Pam Bunyan | SignatureWOMEN | 
								No Comments

Identifying common traits for insights into enriching our lives.
Read More










						November 18, 2016					

  0 





										News or Noise Special Edition: What the Markets Think of Regime Change									 

By David Fisher | Asset Management, Investments, Webinars | 
								No Comments

In this video, David Fisher, Co-Founder & Chief Investment Officer, and Russ Cearley, Partner & Director of Portfolio Strategy, tackle the 2016 Presidential Election and its potential impact on the markets. Is the market a good predictor of the election outcome? If so, what is the market saying about 2016? What might happen with a Republican win? A Democratic win? David and Russ discuss all of this and more in the video below.
Read More












  

















 



HEADQUARTERS
1230 Peachtree Street, NE
Suite 1800
Atlanta, GA 30309
Directions




NORTH CAROLINA OFFICE
4601 Park Road
Suite 450
Charlotte, NC 28209 


Tel: (404) 253-7600
Fax: (404) 253-7601



 


 

Financial Design for Life®










©2016 SignatureFD®. All rights reserved. | Definitions | Privacy | Disclosure Information



        












HOME
ABOUT US

WHO WE ARE
PARTNERS & DIRECTORS
ASSOCIATES


BLOG
EVENTS
CAREERS
CLIENT LOGIN



 

 








 



X









X









X





































	SignatureFD, LLC in Atlanta, GA






































































































Home
About Us
Membership
Networking
Inbox
Wall
Import Address Book
Photo Albums
Find Other Professionals

Other Resources
Frequently Asked Questions
Spam Whitelist Instructions
Copyright Credit
Logos & Images
The Complete Marketeer
Manage Subscriptions
Unsubscribe from E-mails

Careers - Open Positions
Contact Us
Manage Your Subscriptions
Consumers



Find It
Find A Market
Exclusive Consumer Leads
Find A Job
Find Candidate(s)
Find A Company
Search Blogs
Search Users
Search Industry Articles
Search Discussions/Topics
Find Tools/Products
Insurance News



Jobs
Find A Job
Post A Job
Find Candidate(s)
Articles for Candidates
Articles for Employers
Talent Solutions
ATS (Applicant Tracking)



Forums
Ask Your Peers
Agency Management
Careers & Jobs
Life, Health & Fin Svcs
Marketing
Property & Casualty
Technology & Tools
Using CompleteMarkets
Groups
My Subscribed Groups
All Groups
Manage Your Subscriptions

Manage Your Subscriptions



Education
All Articles
Search The Library
Article Categories
Manage Your Subscriptions



Blogs
Create Your Own Blog
Insurance Professionals
Insurance Marketing
Advertisers
Market Providers
Axis Brokers
Cochrane & Company
Colonial General Insurance Agency

Industry Experts
6th Sense Proposals
21st Century Management
Dr. Jack Nordhaus
Graham Communications
HR That Works
Sound Marketing Inc.

Product & Service Providers
Aged Insurance Leads
The Wedge Group

All Blogs
Manage Your Subscriptions



Tools
Insurance Newsletters
Jobs/Careers
CallTracking
Productivity Tools
Manage Your Subscriptions



Consumers
Get A Quote
Insurance Categories



Advertise
Advertising Solutions
Talent Solutions
Demo/Media Kit
































































































































































































































Create a Free CompleteMarkets AccountLogin to CompleteMarkets
















                    x





No Thanks














                Please wait...

















                    x





No Thanks














                Please wait...













                    x





No Thanks














                Please wait...













                    x





No Thanks














                Please wait...




















SignatureFD, LLC














12345


0 Reviews - 0 of 5.0





Write your review here. (Required)

Please consider the following:
1. Would you recommend this company?
2. What about this company do you like/dislike?
3. Why did you choose this rating?


Submit This Anonymously

Cancel
Submit











Write a Review





Please authenticate first to post and/or edit reviews.


Connect
Connect






Or 

Fill out the form below to submit the review.





                            First name:







                            Last name:









                            Email:











I am a ...

Client
Peer


Please give star rating (5 highest/1 lowest)



12345


Rating field is required.


Write your review here. (Required)

Please consider the following:
1. Would you recommend this company?
2. What about this company do you like/dislike?
3. Why did you choose this rating?
Please enter text with minimum of 25 characters long.


Submit This Anonymously




Cancel
Submit













































600 Peachtree St NE Suite 2700, 
Atlanta, GA 30308

























Is this Your Company?




















You are now following SignatureFD, LLC.





You are already following SignatureFD, LLC.

Unfollow








Fill out the form below to follow SignatureFD, LLC.





                            First name:







                            Last name:









                            Email:









Follow




Are you sure you want to deactivate your CompleteMarkets Company Profile



Deactivate
Cancel










 Are You Looking for Insurance?

Get Insurance for You, Your Family and Your Business. 







Your information is Secure and Confidential



We share your Information with only ONE insurance expert, the agent in our network that can help you!



We use a patent pending process designed to get you the best dervice available









Get a Quote

(951) 395-8087








 Are you an Insurance Professional?

Find Insurance Markets, Content, Leads and tools. 







Exclusive Insurance Leads



Easy Submissions to Wholesalers, Fine Specialty Insurance Markets



Powerful Microsites that Drive SEO Traffic









Get a Quote

(951) 396-3513








Please wait...












About UsProducts/ServicesJobsTeamArticlesBlogGroupFollowersPhotosReviews








Hi, !


Thank you for visiting our SignatureFD, LLC company page! We hope you find what you are looking for, please contact us if you have any questions.We strive for excellence and greatly value your feedback.Please take a moment to tell us about your experience with SignatureFD, LLC.Thank you!


Review Us Now!












Founded in 1997, SignatureFD is one of the leading financial design, wealth management and advisory firms in Atlanta, Ga. The company offers a variety of solutions designed to address the complex financial and investment needs of high net-worth individuals. Its services include asset management for maximizing returns/minimizing taxes, asset protection, elder care planning, employee benefits analysis, risk management and insurance consulting. The company also lends advice on estate and legacy planning, estate/trust administration, family business consulting and strategic philanthropy.  
Insurance sounds boring and dreary to most people. Not for us at SignatureFD, LLC, however. While it is a serious business, we do not see insurance as boring - it is after all the business of keeping people in their homes, from going out of business and getting back on the road – essentially helping people lead normal lives and recover from disaster. This is interesting stuff! We are partnered with the right insurance carrier/s, people we have been doing business with for years. This enables us to comparison shop and gets you (our client) the best deal available. And the best deal is not always about price – but, hey – price is a big factor and we will never stop fighting to get you the best price. We help our clients with all kinds of insurance, but here are the main insurance types our agency focuses on -

Auto insurance – do you know what coverage you have? Most of our clients gloss over when we start talking liability, collision, comprehensive insurance coverages. And why do the limits have to be different based on your specific needs? Rest assured, we understand what is needed to operate a vehicle in and around Atlanta, GA and will handle all the details for you.
Business Insurance – own or operate a business? Do you need insurance before you can execute on a job/contract? Not sure what type of insurance you need? Do you just need the minimum or are you thinking about future exposure to lawsuits and injury claims? Our commercial insurance agents are standing by to help you get the right policy to help your business succeed.
Homeowners insurance – who knows where the value lies in an insurance policy when it comes to something as local-specific as insurance for a structure, building, home in a specific location – your local insurance agent – that’s who! Let us showcase our knowledge of the area in and around Atlanta, GA. You will be confident that you found the best local partner for your insurance needs.
Send us a note by clicking the mail symbol above. Let's start a conversation today!










                    x





No Thanks














                Please wait...





                Locations





										
    
    There are no locations.

									



                News Feed















            Please wait...













                        Please wait...















Site Membership




Click here to log in


No account? Register here!
Home
About Us
Privacy Policy
Terms Of Use
User Content Agreement
Copyright Compliance Policy
Contact Us






                                Insurance Pros

Leverage CompleteMarkets
Get A Custom URL
Feedback
Articles






                                Find It

Markets / Products / Services
Blogs / Groups
Other Professionals
Breaking Advertiser News
Jobs/Careers






                                Networking

Inbox
Import Address Book
Import LinkedIn Contacts
Blogs
Groups
Discussions
Photo Albums






                                Advertisers

Why CompleteMarkets?
Get A Custom URL
Testimonials






                                Resources

Frequently Asked Questions
Insurance/Service Providers
Storefronts
Spam Whitelist Instructions









                     
            Copyright
            ©. All Rights Reserved. 
                    INSOMIS Corp.




























 Team - SignatureFD 


























































































        

























No menu assigned!













Your tailored financial design is delivered and managed by a senior relationship manager that you know and trust. However, our comprehensive offering is developed by a team whose combined wisdom and expertise brings you the most innovative and integrated strategies for wealth accumulation, wealth preservation, and wealth transfer.
Each team member is an expert in his or her field, with many of our senior relationship managers holding advanced degrees and/or multiple professional designations. It is this strong collaboration of experts that provides the broad scope and deep resources to support every aspect of your relationship with us.
We are experts, committed to being there for you when you need us, to partnering with the best service providers in the market, to working together to design you a blueprint that reflects your individual goals, and to executing strategies allowing you to see real progress towards those goals.









 



HEADQUARTERS
1230 Peachtree Street, NE
Suite 1800
Atlanta, GA 30309
Directions




NORTH CAROLINA OFFICE
4601 Park Road
Suite 450
Charlotte, NC 28209 


Tel: (404) 253-7600
Fax: (404) 253-7601



 


 

Financial Design for Life®










©2016 SignatureFD®. All rights reserved. | Definitions | Privacy | Disclosure Information



        












HOME
ABOUT US

WHO WE ARE
PARTNERS & DIRECTORS
ASSOCIATES


BLOG
EVENTS
CAREERS
CLIENT LOGIN



 

 








 



X









X









X








































 Newsletters - SignatureFD 





















































































































        

























No menu assigned!













  





Newsletters






  









  





SignatureFD’s quarterly newsletters are a resource designed to help you gain a better understanding of current trends affecting the economy and markets. In each issue, we also offer thoughts on how you can use your wealth to live a life filled with purpose and meaning, as well as sharing firm updates and announcements.
You can browse our archive of past newsletters below. To receive upcoming editions of our newsletter, please sign up for our mailing list.






  





2017






  





WINTER 17










SPRING 17










SUMMER 17






  





2016






  





WINTER 16










SPRING 16










SUMMER 16










FALL 16






  





2015






  





WINTER 15










SPRING 15










SUMMER 15










FALL 15








2014



  





WINTER 14










SPRING 14










SUMMER 14










FALL 14








2013



  





WINTER 13










SPRING 13










SUMMER 13










FALL 13








2012



  





WINTER 12










SPRING 12










SUMMER 12










FALL 12








2011



  





WINTER 11










SPRING 11










SUMMER 11










FALL 11








2010



  





WINTER 10










SPRING 10










SUMMER 10










FALL 10

























 



HEADQUARTERS
1230 Peachtree Street, NE
Suite 1800
Atlanta, GA 30309
Directions




NORTH CAROLINA OFFICE
4601 Park Road
Suite 450
Charlotte, NC 28209 


Tel: (404) 253-7600
Fax: (404) 253-7601



 


 

Financial Design for Life®










©2016 SignatureFD®. All rights reserved. | Definitions | Privacy | Disclosure Information



        












HOME
ABOUT US

WHO WE ARE
PARTNERS & DIRECTORS
ASSOCIATES


BLOG
EVENTS
CAREERS
CLIENT LOGIN



 

 








 



X









X









X


































