





Signia Capital





























































A research boutique specializing in value investing























Disciplined fundamental investing expertise in small-cap, micro-cap, and concentrated portfolios.Signia Capital Management is a boutique money management firm specializing in value investing. The firm was founded in 2001 by the research professionals that serve as the managing partners. The senior members of our team have over two decades of investment experience and are dedicated to practicing a value investing discipline.Signia Capital Investor Presentation (Click Here)  







 





 


 


111 N Post St Suite 301 Spokane, WA 99201P: 509.789.8970Signia Capital Management is a registered investment adviser in the states of Washington and Oregon. The adviser may not transact business in states where it is not appropriately registered, excluded or exempted from registration. Individualized responses to persons that involve either the effecting of transaction in securities, or the rendering of personalized investment advice for compensation, will not be made without registration or exemption.  



 









Contact — Signia Capital






















































Contact























 Signia Capital111 N Post St.Suite 301Spokane, WA 99201P: 509-789-8970Contact UsWe are always pleased to hear from individuals and institutions to discuss the services that Signia Capital has to offer.





Name *
Name


                  First Name



                  Last Name



Email Address *



Phone
Phone


                  (###)



                  ###



                  ####



Subject *



Message *






Thank you!










 


 


111 N Post St Suite 301 Spokane, WA 99201P: 509.789.8970Signia Capital Management is a registered investment adviser in the states of Washington and Oregon. The adviser may not transact business in states where it is not appropriately registered, excluded or exempted from registration. Individualized responses to persons that involve either the effecting of transaction in securities, or the rendering of personalized investment advice for compensation, will not be made without registration or exemption.  



 









Resources — Signia Capital






















































Resources























resourcesDownloadsADV Part 2Signia Capital Investors PresentaionSmall-Micro Cap Fact SheetSmall-Micro Cap Mid-Qtr UpdateConcentrated Fact SheetConcentrated Mid-Qtr UpdatePrivacy Policy  Linkshttps://www.evestment.com/http://www.informais.com/Signia is only responsible for the accuracy of the information it provides to the sites linked above. 





 


 


111 N Post St Suite 301 Spokane, WA 99201P: 509.789.8970Signia Capital Management is a registered investment adviser in the states of Washington and Oregon. The adviser may not transact business in states where it is not appropriately registered, excluded or exempted from registration. Individualized responses to persons that involve either the effecting of transaction in securities, or the rendering of personalized investment advice for compensation, will not be made without registration or exemption.  



 









About — Signia Capital






















































About























Portfolio Management team







 Richard Beaven, CFAPrincipalLead Portfolio Manager and Principal—Rich has 22 years of experience in the investment management industry. Prior to joining Signia Capital Management in 2002, Rich was the Assistant Director of Research and a Portfolio Manager for a $2B Pacific Northwest asset management firm. Rich holds a BA in business administration from the University of Kentucky and an MBA from Gonzaga University. In addition, he is a CFA charter holder and has served as President of the CFA Society of Spokane.    







 Anthony Bennett, CFAPrincipalPortfolio Manager and Principal—Tony has 20 years of experience in the investment management industry. Prior to co-founding Signia Capital Management, he was an Equity Research Analyst for a $2B Pacific Northwest asset management firm. Tony holds a BA in finance from Gonzaga University. In addition, he is a CFA charter holder.     







 Colin Kelly, CFAPortfolio ManagerDirector of Research and Portfolio Manager—Prior to joining Signia Capital Management, Colin was Vice President of Equity Research for a Pacific Northwest wealth management firm.  He has also served as an adjunct professor of finance at Gonzaga University.  Colin holds a BBA with emphasis in finance and marketing from Gonzaga University. In addition, he is a CFA charter holder and currently serves on the Board of Directors of the CFA Society of Spokane. Operations







 David KrebsPrincipalChief Compliance Officer and Chief Operating Officer - David joined Signia Capital Management in 2004 and has over 15 years of experience in the investment management industry and 25 years of experience as a small business manager. Prior to joining Signia, he was a Network and Database Administrator for a large Pacific Northwest investment manager. David holds a BA from Eastern Washington University. He is a Certified Securities Compliance Professional and Registered Investment Advisor Representative.  Advisory Board Paul GreenwoodPaul Greenwood has over 20 years of investment experience, most recently as Director of U.S. Equity for the Russell Investment Group. At Russell he was responsible for the performance and investment content of all of Russell’s U.S. Equity efforts, including more than $30 billion invested in Russell’s multi-manager funds, and all U.S. Equity research performed on behalf of Russell’s global consulting clients, representing $1.6 trillion in total assets. Paul is currently a Managing Director at Northern Lights Ventures, an independent private equity firm providing strategic resources and capital to the money management industry. Lawrence BraitmanLawrence Braitman is a founding member of Signia Capital Management. Larry is a serial entrepreneur, who co-founded two successful Internet technology companies, Adify and FlyCast Communications. Previously, Lawrence worked as an attorney with the firm Saul Ewing Remick & Saul in Philadelphia, PA. Lawrence holds a B.A. in Psychology from Franklin Marshal College and a J.D. from Georgetown University. Richard ThompsonRichard Thompson is a member of Signia Capital Management's advisory board. Richard, a serial entrepreneur, co-founded and served as CEO and/or chairman of four successful technology companies, Flycast Communications, Adify, Playdom, and Funzio. He was also on the founding team of Octel Communications. Currently, Richard is a founding Partner of Signia Venture Partners, an early stage venture fund focused on education technology, online video, mobile gaming, and the wider consumer mobile ecosystem. Richard holds a BS in psychology from UCSC and an MBA from the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania. Contact Richard at contact@signiavc.com. John ScelfoJohn Scelfo is the Chief Executive Officer of Spur Industries, a manufacturer of specialty metals products serving international industrial companies. Prior to joining Spur Industries, John was a Vice President and Plant Manager with Kaiser Aluminum. John has over 30 years of experience managing industrial companies. 





 


 


111 N Post St Suite 301 Spokane, WA 99201P: 509.789.8970Signia Capital Management is a registered investment adviser in the states of Washington and Oregon. The adviser may not transact business in states where it is not appropriately registered, excluded or exempted from registration. Individualized responses to persons that involve either the effecting of transaction in securities, or the rendering of personalized investment advice for compensation, will not be made without registration or exemption.  



 









Products — Signia Capital






















































Products
























  Small-Micro cap
  
  Value Strategy
Small Companies. Large Opportunities.The Small-Micro Cap segment of the market represents approximately 2% of the stock market by capitalization, but it includes almost half of the total number of publicly traded securities.  As a result of its small relative size many investors overlook this segment of the market. However, over time the Small-Micro Cap segment has produced strong returns relative to the overall market.Our Small-Micro Cap Value Equity strategy invests in high quality, catalyst rich companies that we expect will experience a significant improvement in earnings within the next 12 to 24 months. Our team identifies compelling investment opportunities through a rigorous bottom up research process that includes direct dialogue with the management teams of each company under consideration.The process results in a concentrated portfolio of 30 to 45 ideas, each with its own unique and compelling investment catalyst. Signia Small-Micro Cap Fact SheetSignia Small-Micro Cap Mid-Qtr Update








  concentrated
  
  Value Strategy

  Best ideas. Best results.

Our extensive investment experience leads us to believe that outperformance is driven by the highest conviction ideas within a portfolio.  As a result, we believe that a concentrated portfolio consisting of high conviction, catalyst rich investments is the best way to generate significant returns relative to the rest of the market. Research shows that active portfolio manager’s best ideas tend to outperform the rest of the positions within their portfolio and concentrated portfolios tend to outperform more diversified actively managed portfolios(1).  Furthermore, as portfolios move beyond 20 securities, the risk reduction benefit, as measured by standard deviation, declines materially(2).

 Our Concentrated Value strategy invests in 12 to 20 individual securities that we believe possess compelling company specific catalysts. The investments in this strategy are expected to generate significant price appreciation over the next 12 to 24 months. The strategy is unconstrained by market capitalization ranges, allowing the team to select the very best investment opportunities regardless of market capitalization.Signia Concentrated Value Fact SheetSignia Concentrated Value Mid-Qtr Update(1) Source: Yeung et al. (2012), Randolph B Cohen et al. (April 20th, 2010)(2) Source: Elton & Gruber, Modern Portfolio Theory & Investment Analysis (November 2009)(3) Source: Modern Portfolio Theory and Investment Analysis 













 


 


111 N Post St Suite 301 Spokane, WA 99201P: 509.789.8970Signia Capital Management is a registered investment adviser in the states of Washington and Oregon. The adviser may not transact business in states where it is not appropriately registered, excluded or exempted from registration. Individualized responses to persons that involve either the effecting of transaction in securities, or the rendering of personalized investment advice for compensation, will not be made without registration or exemption.  



 





Signia Capital Management, LLC                                                                                           - Spokane                                           , WA         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



WA



Spokane



Investment Advice



Investment Advice



                            Signia Capital Management, LLC
                                    



 





















S 


Signia Capital Management, LLC                                                                                          
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



111 N POST ST STE 301 SPOKANE, WA 99201
Get Directions



(509) 789-8970
www.signiacapital.com                                                                                   





Business Info



 Founded 2001
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $3,629,294.00
 Employee Count 8
 Industries Investment Advice
 Contacts Anthony Bennett                                                                                                         







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Signia Capital Management, Llc                                                                                           was founded in 2001. Signia Capital Management, Llc                                                                                           specializes in Investment Advice. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







S

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.




















About — Signia Capital






















































About























Portfolio Management team







 Richard Beaven, CFAPrincipalLead Portfolio Manager and Principal—Rich has 22 years of experience in the investment management industry. Prior to joining Signia Capital Management in 2002, Rich was the Assistant Director of Research and a Portfolio Manager for a $2B Pacific Northwest asset management firm. Rich holds a BA in business administration from the University of Kentucky and an MBA from Gonzaga University. In addition, he is a CFA charter holder and has served as President of the CFA Society of Spokane.    







 Anthony Bennett, CFAPrincipalPortfolio Manager and Principal—Tony has 20 years of experience in the investment management industry. Prior to co-founding Signia Capital Management, he was an Equity Research Analyst for a $2B Pacific Northwest asset management firm. Tony holds a BA in finance from Gonzaga University. In addition, he is a CFA charter holder.     







 Colin Kelly, CFAPortfolio ManagerDirector of Research and Portfolio Manager—Prior to joining Signia Capital Management, Colin was Vice President of Equity Research for a Pacific Northwest wealth management firm.  He has also served as an adjunct professor of finance at Gonzaga University.  Colin holds a BBA with emphasis in finance and marketing from Gonzaga University. In addition, he is a CFA charter holder and currently serves on the Board of Directors of the CFA Society of Spokane. Operations







 David KrebsPrincipalChief Compliance Officer and Chief Operating Officer - David joined Signia Capital Management in 2004 and has over 15 years of experience in the investment management industry and 25 years of experience as a small business manager. Prior to joining Signia, he was a Network and Database Administrator for a large Pacific Northwest investment manager. David holds a BA from Eastern Washington University. He is a Certified Securities Compliance Professional and Registered Investment Advisor Representative.  Advisory Board Paul GreenwoodPaul Greenwood has over 20 years of investment experience, most recently as Director of U.S. Equity for the Russell Investment Group. At Russell he was responsible for the performance and investment content of all of Russell’s U.S. Equity efforts, including more than $30 billion invested in Russell’s multi-manager funds, and all U.S. Equity research performed on behalf of Russell’s global consulting clients, representing $1.6 trillion in total assets. Paul is currently a Managing Director at Northern Lights Ventures, an independent private equity firm providing strategic resources and capital to the money management industry. Lawrence BraitmanLawrence Braitman is a founding member of Signia Capital Management. Larry is a serial entrepreneur, who co-founded two successful Internet technology companies, Adify and FlyCast Communications. Previously, Lawrence worked as an attorney with the firm Saul Ewing Remick & Saul in Philadelphia, PA. Lawrence holds a B.A. in Psychology from Franklin Marshal College and a J.D. from Georgetown University. Richard ThompsonRichard Thompson is a member of Signia Capital Management's advisory board. Richard, a serial entrepreneur, co-founded and served as CEO and/or chairman of four successful technology companies, Flycast Communications, Adify, Playdom, and Funzio. He was also on the founding team of Octel Communications. Currently, Richard is a founding Partner of Signia Venture Partners, an early stage venture fund focused on education technology, online video, mobile gaming, and the wider consumer mobile ecosystem. Richard holds a BS in psychology from UCSC and an MBA from the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania. Contact Richard at contact@signiavc.com. John ScelfoJohn Scelfo is the Chief Executive Officer of Spur Industries, a manufacturer of specialty metals products serving international industrial companies. Prior to joining Spur Industries, John was a Vice President and Plant Manager with Kaiser Aluminum. John has over 30 years of experience managing industrial companies. 





 


 


111 N Post St Suite 301 Spokane, WA 99201P: 509.789.8970Signia Capital Management is a registered investment adviser in the states of Washington and Oregon. The adviser may not transact business in states where it is not appropriately registered, excluded or exempted from registration. Individualized responses to persons that involve either the effecting of transaction in securities, or the rendering of personalized investment advice for compensation, will not be made without registration or exemption.  



 





Signia Capital Management, LLC | Wealthminder











































Signia Capital Management, LLC


Signia Capital Management, LLC
(CRD# 121505) is a financial advisory firm headquartered in
Spokane, WA.
They
manage $37,403,992 in 54 accounts and
serve the financial needs of clients across 2 states (or territories).




Current Firm Details



Signia Capital Management, LLC




108 N. Washington St., Suite 305,
Spokane,
WA
99201
509-789-8970
http://www.signiacapital.com/




http://www.signiacapital.com/







By the Numbers






Total Assets Under Management

37
MILLION



Total Number of Accounts

54
ACCOUNTS



Average Account Value

$692,667







Compensation Options




A percentage of assets under your management






Advisory Services Offered




Portfolio management for individuals and/or small businesses
Portfolio management for businesses (other than small businesses) or institutional clients








Types of Clients










Registered States






Registered Investment Advisor


Advisors affiliated with a RIA are permitted to work with up to five clients in nearly-all states* without explicit registration. The map below shows states where this firm has explicit registration only.




OR, WA






Financial Advisors at Signia Capital Management, LLC




Showing 1 - 4 of 4 top financial advisors.





1















Tony L. Bennett



CRD#:
4569874



108 N. Washington Street, Suite 305,
Spokane,
WA
99201




96

Wealthminder
score








Tony Bennett (CRD# 4569874) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Signia Capital Management, LLC in Spokane, WA and has 
over 16 years
of experience in the finance industry.






2















Colin T. Kelly



CRD#:
5031731



108 N. Washington St., Suite 305,
Spokane,
WA
99201




96

Wealthminder
score








Colin Kelly (CRD# 5031731) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Signia Capital Management, LLC in Spokane, WA and has 
over 11 years
of experience in the finance industry.






3















David C. Krebs



CRD#:
4888281



108 N. Washington St., Suite 305,
Spokane,
WA
99201




93

Wealthminder
score








David Krebs (CRD# 4888281) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Signia Capital Management, LLC in Spokane, WA and has 
over 10 years
of experience in the finance industry.






4















Richard S. Beaven



CRD#:
4569943



108 N. Washington St., Suite 305,
Spokane,
WA
99201




90

Wealthminder
score








Richard Beaven (CRD# 4569943) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Signia Capital Management, LLC in Spokane, WA and has 
1 year
of experience in the finance industry.













Our primary data source is public filings of Form ADV as published by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and made available in accordance with the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). Supplementary information may be provided by listed advisors or their representatives.
Because many firms provide a variety of products or services, an individual may or may not be registered to operate under all services provided by the firm.Do not rely solely on the information on this page. The information may be inaccurate, incomplete or outdated. For the most accurate and up-to-date information, please search for the firm or individual on the SEC site at
http://www.adviserinfo.sec.gov/IAPD/Content/Search/iapd_Search.aspx







Ready to hire a financial advisor?

Get competitive proposals from multiple advisors.

















Request Proposals























Timeout!



You have been idle and will be logged out in

seconds.


Stay Logged In
Log Out Now
















Signia Capital Management LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 24, 2017 10:29 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Signia Capital Management LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Signia Capital Management LLC is an employee owned investment manager. It provides its services to high-net worth individuals. The firm manages separate client-focused equity portfolios. The firm invests in the public equity markets across United States. It primarily invests in value stocks of small-cap and micro-cap companies. The firm employs fundamental analysis along with bottom-up stock picking approach to create its portfolios. It conducts in-house research to make its investments. Signia Capital Management LLC was founded in 2001 and is based in Spokane, Washington.


11 N Post StreetSuite 301Spokane, WA 99201-4911United StatesFounded in 2001



Phone: 509-789-8970

Fax: 509-789-8976

www.signiacapital.com







Key Executives for Signia Capital Management LLC




Mr. Anthony Lewis Bennett CFA


      	Principal and Portfolio Manager
      








Mr. David Carl Krebs


      	Chief Compliance Officer and Chief Operating Officer
      








Mr. Richard Scott Beaven CFA


      	Principal and Lead Portfolio Manager
      








Mr. Colin Kelly CFA


      	Director of Research and Portfolio Manager
      








Mr. William Knox Lang CFA


      	Portfolio Manager and Director
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Signia Capital Management LLC, please visit www.signiacapital.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.







403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.










						Signia Capital Management Raised Its Regional Mgmt (RM) Position; Church & Dwight (CHD) Shorts Raised By 5.14% - Wolcott Daily								









 


















 























 










































Market News
Penny Stock News
Stock News
Trending Stock News
Contact




Today's Date:  Monday, July 24th, 2017


Welcome, visitor.   [  / Log in ]






Signia Capital Management Raised Its Regional Mgmt (RM) Position; Church & Dwight (CHD) Shorts Raised By 5.14%

July 24, 2017 - By Nellie Frank

 Church & Dwight Incorporated (NYSE:CHD) had an increase of 5.14% in short interest. CHD’s SI was 9.99M shares in July as released by FINRA. Its up 5.14% from 9.50 million shares previously. With 1.41M avg volume, 7 days are for Church & Dwight Incorporated (NYSE:CHD)’s short sellers to cover CHD’s short positions. About 17,062 shares traded. Church & Dwight Co., Inc. (NYSE:CHD) has risen 0.39% since July 24, 2016 and is uptrending. It has underperformed by 16.31% the S&P500.
Signia Capital Management Llc increased Regional Mgmt Corp (RM) stake by 75.24% reported in 2016Q4 SEC filing. Signia Capital Management Llc acquired 24,618 shares as Regional Mgmt Corp (RM)’s stock declined 2.65%. The Signia Capital Management Llc holds 57,339 shares with $1.51M value, up from 32,721 last quarter. Regional Mgmt Corp now has $284.59 million valuation. The stock rose 0.49% or $0.12 reaching $24.57 per share. About 138 shares traded. Regional Management Corp (NYSE:RM) has risen 29.27% since July 24, 2016 and is uptrending. It has outperformed by 12.57% the S&P500.






Church & Dwight Co., Inc. develops, makes and markets a range of household, personal care and specialty products. The company has market cap of $13.27 billion. The Company’s divisions include Consumer Domestic, Consumer International and Specialty Products Division . It has a 28.95 P/E ratio. The Firm also sells specialty products to industrial clients and distributors.
Investors sentiment increased to 0.84 in 2016 Q4. Its up 0.02, from 0.82 in 2016Q3. It improved, as 59 investors sold Church & Dwight Co., Inc. shares while 232 reduced holdings. 57 funds opened positions while 187 raised stakes. 199.48 million shares or 49.74% less from 396.89 million shares in 2016Q3 were reported. Cadence Capital Mgmt reported 39,673 shares stake. Massachusetts-based Page Arthur B has invested 0.78% in Church & Dwight Co., Inc. (NYSE:CHD). International reported 94,018 shares. Daiwa Gp Incorporated holds 0.01% or 21,500 shares. Aviva Public Limited Com accumulated 0.13% or 496,192 shares. Oak Ridge Investments Lc stated it has 0.41% of its portfolio in Church & Dwight Co., Inc. (NYSE:CHD). Tarbox Group Incorporated Inc accumulated 0% or 29 shares. Cornerstone has 0.01% invested in Church & Dwight Co., Inc. (NYSE:CHD) for 221 shares. M&R reported 2.73% in Church & Dwight Co., Inc. (NYSE:CHD). Swiss Fincl Bank, Switzerland-based fund reported 1.95M shares. Hsbc Holdings Pcl has 399,351 shares for 0.04% of their portfolio. The California-based Fuller Thaler Asset Mngmt has invested 0% in Church & Dwight Co., Inc. (NYSE:CHD). Carderock Capital Inc accumulated 105,133 shares or 2.32% of the stock. Farmers And Merchants Invests holds 236 shares. Asset Mgmt One Limited invested in 0.06% or 519,763 shares.
Among 17 analysts covering Church & Dwight (NYSE:CHD), 2 have Buy rating, 5 Sell and 10 Hold. Therefore 12% are positive. Church & Dwight had 32 analyst reports since July 21, 2015 according to SRatingsIntel. Jefferies maintained the stock with “Buy” rating in Friday, August 5 report. The stock of Church & Dwight Co., Inc. (NYSE:CHD) earned “Neutral” rating by Sterne Agee CRT on Tuesday, July 21. BMO Capital Markets initiated the shares of CHD in report on Friday, December 16 with “Market Perform” rating. The rating was downgraded by UBS on Friday, September 11 to “Sell”. On Wednesday, April 19 the stock rating was maintained by Jefferies with “Buy”. The firm has “Sell” rating by Goldman Sachs given on Wednesday, January 13. As per Friday, August 5, the company rating was maintained by UBS. BMO Capital Markets maintained Church & Dwight Co., Inc. (NYSE:CHD) on Monday, July 17 with “Hold” rating. Jefferies maintained the stock with “Buy” rating in Tuesday, June 13 report. The stock has “Market Perform” rating by Wells Fargo on Tuesday, November 15.
Since February 23, 2017, it had 0 buys, and 2 sales for $2.24 million activity. $1.25 million worth of Church & Dwight Co., Inc. (NYSE:CHD) was sold by Siracusa Paul A on Wednesday, March 1. IRWIN BRADLEY C had sold 20,000 shares worth $993,034.
Investors sentiment decreased to 1.38 in 2016 Q4. Its down 0.05, from 1.43 in 2016Q3. It worsened, as 7 investors sold RM shares while 33 reduced holdings. 22 funds opened positions while 33 raised stakes. 9.95 million shares or 6.25% more from 9.37 million shares in 2016Q3 were reported. Moreover, Aqr Mgmt Lc has 0% invested in Regional Management Corp (NYSE:RM). Bnp Paribas Arbitrage holds 1,943 shares. Chicago Equity Prtn Ltd Liability, Illinois-based fund reported 63,920 shares. Morgan Stanley stated it has 0% in Regional Management Corp (NYSE:RM). Deutsche Savings Bank Ag holds 12,310 shares. Meeder Asset Mngmt invested in 710 shares. Tieton Capital Limited Liability Corp has 303,375 shares. Ellington Management Group Limited holds 0.03% of its portfolio in Regional Management Corp (NYSE:RM) for 8,100 shares. Citigroup Inc invested in 18,840 shares or 0% of the stock. Moreover, Signia Cap Mngmt Limited Liability Company has 2.2% invested in Regional Management Corp (NYSE:RM). Moreover, Tower Research Ltd (Trc) has 0% invested in Regional Management Corp (NYSE:RM). New York-based Goldman Sachs Group Incorporated has invested 0% in Regional Management Corp (NYSE:RM). State Common Retirement Fund stated it has 133,337 shares or 0% of all its holdings. Georgia-based Invesco Limited has invested 0% in Regional Management Corp (NYSE:RM). Nationwide Fund Advsr, a Pennsylvania-based fund reported 9,171 shares.
Among 7 analysts covering Regional Management Corporation (NYSE:RM), 2 have Buy rating, 0 Sell and 5 Hold. Therefore 29% are positive. Regional Management Corporation had 10 analyst reports since July 29, 2015 according to SRatingsIntel. The rating was upgraded by Jefferies to “Buy” on Wednesday, September 23. As per Friday, November 18, the company rating was downgraded by BMO Capital Markets. The stock has “Market Outperform” rating by JMP Securities on Tuesday, June 13. BMO Capital Markets maintained it with “Hold” rating and $26 target in Wednesday, April 12 report. The company was maintained on Wednesday, April 12 by Wood. The stock has “Buy” rating by Jefferies on Wednesday, June 28.


Receive News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with our FREE daily email newsletter.










By1 Nellie Frank


 





Automatic Stock Updates Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with our free daily email newsletter:










  Recent Posts 

Cumberland Partners LTD Cut Wells Fargo & Co (WFC) Position By $13.48 Million; Geodrill Ltd (TSE:GEO) Had 2 Analysts Last Week


Signia Capital Management Lowered Its Orion Group Holdings (ORN) Holding, Granite Construction (GVA) Has 1.31 Sentiment


Signia Capital Management Raised Its Regional Mgmt (RM) Position; Church & Dwight (CHD) Shorts Raised By 5.14%


Autus Asset Management Has Lifted By $311,922 Its Praxair (PX) Holding; Fiesta Restaurant Group (FRGI) Has 1.03 Sentiment


Tirschwell & Loewy Lifted Novo Nordisk (NVO) Stake, Integral Derivatives Cut Gild (GILD) Stake By $575,313


Locust Wood Capital Advisers Has Increased Its Abbott Labs (ABT) Holding; Rli (RLI) Sentiment Is 1.23


Texan Capital Management Has Boosted Int’l Business Machines (IBM) Position; Everpoint Asset Management Has Lifted Humana (HUM) Holding By $11.89 Million


Vaughan Nelson Investment Management LP Has Cut By $14.33 Million Its Engility Hldgs New (EGL) Position, Breitburn Energy Partners LP (BBEP) Has 1 Sentiment


Riverstone Holdings Lifted Usa Compression Partners LP (USAC) Holding By $3.50 Million; Cempra (CEMP) Shorts Raised By 9.99%


Qv Investors Lowered Telephone And Data Systems (TDS) Position; Allstate Lowered Ca (CA) Holding By $3.24 Million







© Copyright 2015-2017 Wolcott Daily Inc - wolcottdaily.com       About - Our Team - Contact











Get the Next Big Winner in your inbox Before the Bell

Lists*Consumer Eagle

























Signia Management Co LLC: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























signia management co llc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Private Equity
Signia Management Company, LLC, doing business as Signia Venture Partners, operates as a venture capital firm. The Company invests in media, entertainment, health, technology, finance, gaming, social, transport, and e-commerce sectors. Signia Venture Partners serves customers in the United States.




Corporate Information
Address:

545 Middlefield Road
Suite 210
Menlo Park, CA 94025
United States


Phone:
1-650-614-5800


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.signiaventurepartners.com























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data







































Signia Capital





























































A research boutique specializing in value investing























Disciplined fundamental investing expertise in small-cap, micro-cap, and concentrated portfolios.Signia Capital Management is a boutique money management firm specializing in value investing. The firm was founded in 2001 by the research professionals that serve as the managing partners. The senior members of our team have over two decades of investment experience and are dedicated to practicing a value investing discipline.Signia Capital Investor Presentation (Click Here)  







 





 


 


111 N Post St Suite 301 Spokane, WA 99201P: 509.789.8970Signia Capital Management is a registered investment adviser in the states of Washington and Oregon. The adviser may not transact business in states where it is not appropriately registered, excluded or exempted from registration. Individualized responses to persons that involve either the effecting of transaction in securities, or the rendering of personalized investment advice for compensation, will not be made without registration or exemption.  



 
















Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.


