










 







Sigora International Inc. - Other Energy- Bindea  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









Sigora International Inc.

      Industry: Other Energy
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    292 Race Ave Bldg 3 
    Waynesboro, VA, 22980Phone: 540-949-6553 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-10-12


New


$649,706


$649,706


Equity Only


06b


SEC link




	2015-12-10


New


$50,000


$50,000


Debt Only


06b


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Andy Bogdan Bindea 
 Director, Executive 


 Michael Chapman 
 Director, Executive, Promoter 


















Sigora Haiti – The Power is Yours
















































































WELCOME TO SIGORA HAITI


                OUR MISSION IS TO PROVIDE HAITI WITH ENERGY THAT IS ..                CLEAN
RELIABLE
FAIRLY-PRICED








The Green Utility
Helping people in Haiti tap the power of the sun.










CLEAN

                                Solar and wind are clean, renewable sources of energy, replacing the burning of carbon and the noise of diesel generators.
                                

 








RELIABLE

                                24/7 electricity will be a first in many parts of Haiti, and will greatly improve health, education, and safety.
                                

 








FAIRLY-PRICED

                                Pricing that is both fair and sustainable makes operating the utility and growing its scale possible.
                                

 











To show you how important electricity is in the life of a country, let me define electricity for you this way: Electricity is life.
 - Kalebe Verdieu, 44, Director of Electricité d'Haïti in Jérémie -  









ABOUT US
Sigora Haiti is a business model with a vision



Sigora Haiti started with a small dream of electrifying a clinic and has grown into a full-scale Green Utility project. Our 10-year plan is to electrify 2 million people by 2025. We connected our first customer, the Mole-Saint-Nicolas Public Health Clinic, in December 2015. In less than one year Sigora engineered, financed, and built its first microgrid system.
Today, we provide clean, reliable, and affordable power to 5,000 people under a 50-year power supplier contract with the municipality. Our 219kW solar plant is under construction, and we have ratified additional agreements to bring power to a further 135,000 people in Haiti’s Northwest region.
Sigora’s grid technology is designed to provide more than just power metering and production monitoring, it is an integrated micro-utility management system. Our proprietary Sigora Smart Meter and cloud-based API software automate account management tasks, monitor the technical and financial performance of the grid, and provide real-time data analytics and meter control, enabling Sigora to troubleshoot and address problems before they become serious.










To learn more about Sigora's grid management system and proprietary prepay meter, visit Sigora International.




Go To Sigora International 









Getting Started in Môle-Saint-Nicolas



0
SIGORA METERS
 


0
PEOPLE SERVED
 


0
SOLAR GENERATION UNDER CONSTRUCTION
 


0
PER MONTH
 








SERVICES
Transmission lines, electricity, and metering technology













Consider the facts


75 percent of people there are not connected to the national power grid.
Most of the energy consumed is fossil-fuel based.
Instead of 24/7 power, some places are lucky to have 2/7 power.
50 percent of the power generated is lost to theft.
 






SIGORA'S METER
Designed, Engineered and in Production


















SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER




First Name: 



Last Name: 



Email address: 





 







MEET THE TEAM








Andy Bogdan Bindea
Founder & President




 






Jean Pierre
Project Manager




 






Lesley Vaval
Business Development Specialist




 






Drew Lebowitz
Haiti Operations Director




 









VIEW MORE TEAM












There is hardly a place on Earth where the advantages and tremendous potential of domestic renewable power are as evident as in Haiti.
 - Worldwatch Institute -  








PHOTO GALLERY
we have been making incredible progress



All






















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































SIGORA HAITI BLOG
A New Generation of Power






 



Sigora has a new look!
We are thrilled to unveil our refreshed brand identity and, to announce the launch of Sigora International Inc.’s new website.…



natasha
February 5, 2017
No Comment








 



Spotlight: Energy, Ice Cream, And Gender Equality
Why a sweet treat is a harbinger of a brighter future for women in Haiti. Ice cream flavors on offer at…



natasha
January 26, 2017
No Comment








 



The Mole-Saint-Nicolas Health Clinic – Then And Now
A desire to electrify the Mole Saint-Nicolas Health Clinic is what sparked the Sigora dream. One year on we re-visit…



natasha
December 8, 2016
No Comment





View More Blogs 











Access to electricity is crucial for almost all aspects of human and economic development. The right of all people to access affordable, reliable, and sustainable electricity that elevates living standards while promoting economic growth, preserving natural resources, and mitigating and adapting to climate change has been widely recognized.
 - United Nations’ Sustainable Energy for All (SE4ALL) -  









CONTACT US


If you are interested in our effort to bring solar power to the people of Haiti or if you would like to know more about investment opportunities please email us using this form. Or for a more personal route you may call Andy today. Thanks for your time!



























 










A SIGORA INITIATIVE

We formed Sigora Haiti as a business model with a vision.
What began as a dream to bring electricity to a clinic in Môle St. Nicholas has evolved into a full-scale green utility project.  With community support and working with a team of investors, Sigora Haiti is developing the necessary infrastructure to generate and distribute wind and solar power to the people of Haiti–power that is clean, reliable, and affordable.  Our goal is to generate 116,000kW of power for nearly 2 million people and create 5,800 jobs in the process by the year 2025.

SIGORA HAITI STRATEGY PLAN (9mb PDF) 








































Sigora International Inc.: CEO and Executives - Bloomberg








































  





















































































July 28, 2017 3:40 PM ET
Semiconductors and Semiconductor Equipment

Company Overview of Sigora International Inc.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Key Executives for Sigora International Inc.
NameBoard RelationshipsTitleAgeAndy Bogdan Bindea  No RelationshipsFounder, Chief Executive Officer and President--Joni   Lane  No RelationshipsDirector of Marketing and Solar Analyst--Jeff   Nicholson  No RelationshipsDirector of Development--Peter L. Guilford  No RelationshipsDirector of Residential Sales--Jon   Proffitt  No RelationshipsDirector of Community Programs and Solar Analyst--
Sigora International Inc. Board Members*
NameBoard RelationshipsPrimary CompanyAgeThere is no Board Members data available.
Sigora International Inc. Executive Committees*
Committee NameChairpersonBoard RelationshipsMembersThere is no committee data available.
*Data is at least as current as the most recent Definitive Proxy.
Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



CEO COMPENSATION IN THIS INDUSTRY  Industry RangeSalary  418.7KBonus  264.0KTotal Short Term Compensation  497.5KTotal Value of Options  23.7MCompensation as of Fiscal Year   Sigora International Inc. CEO CompensationIndustry Average










INDUSTRY EXECUTIVE CHANGESWave Sync Corp. Announces Executive ChangesJuly 27, 2017 8:09 PM ETMicron Technology, Inc. Announces the Retirement of D. Mark Durcan as AdvisorJuly 27, 2017 6:41 PM ETNuvoton Technology Corporation Announces Retirement of Robert Hsu as Chief Technology OfficerJuly 27, 2017 7:07 AM ETSoitec S.A. Announces Executive ChangesJuly 27, 2017 6:35 AM ETMIC Electronics Limited Announces Board ChangesJuly 24, 2017 12:09 PM ETSponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Sigora International Inc., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





































 










PRODUCTS – Sigora International













































































SIGORA SMARTGRID MANAGEMENT SOLUTIONS FOR
RURAL ELECTRIFICATION
CENTRAL GRID UTILITIES 
NEW ENERGY MARKETS











Sigora Smart Meter
Sigora International’s smart meters are designed for bringing power to the most challenging places on the planet and can be configured to support any type of user class from residential to industrial.










Mobile-Enabled Pre-Pay

                                Our system enables customer to pay using a text message, mobile app, or web app and accepts all currencies.
                                

 








Local Vendor Enabled

                                Our system allows local vendors to sell power, enabling your company to easily integrate into any community.
                                

 








Active and Passive Anti-Theft

                                Sigora’s network can identify areas where theft is attempted and has an active encoding component that renders illegal connections useless.
                                

 








Wi-Fi Distribution

                                Each power meter contains a Wi-Fi Access Point capable of meshing with a town network to expand Internet access.
                                

 








Demand Control

                                Software-regulated wattage ceilings can be set by installation site, rate plan, and individual customer
                                

 








Tiered Power On

                                Meters have timed delays for powering on to protect grid infrastructure following a power outage.
                                

 








Secure RF Communications

                                All power and transactional data is transmitted on a separate RF-based mesh network to ensure security and dependability.
                                

 








Customizable Configurations

                                Our meters support single phase, split phase, and tri-phase configurations.
                                

 








Cloud Connected

                                Backup and control your grid and financial data from anywhere in the world.
                                

 










How can Sigora support your project? Whether you're a microgrid operator or a central grid utility, we want to talk with you. Send us a message and we'll be in touch soon.




Contact Sigora 











NEWS AND MEDIA
Any questions about media-related matters can be sent to media@sigora.co
STAY CONNECTED
For the latest news and updates, sign up to the Sigora Newsletter
WORK WITH US
If you are interested in working with Sigora, get in touch with us via our Contact Page
 
Sigora International Inc. 292 Race Ave Building #3 Waynesboro VA 22980

CONTACT US 


































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









﻿







Sigora International  $1.00 million  Fundraising. Michael Chapman  Filed Dec 10  Filing – Octafinance





















































 








Friday, 28 July 2017

























 

Menu



Featured News


						2 years ago - Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Tests Its Ad Technology On Billboards To Cushion Itself Against Ad Blocks


						2 years ago - China Margin Debt Hits 8-Week High, Japan Pumps’n’Dumps As Kyle Bass Fears Looming EM Banking Crisis


						2 years ago - Marc Faber Shares His Insight in One Hour Exclusive Interview. He Covers All From Commodities and China to Inflation, The Euro and Gold


						2 years ago - Carl Icahn Criticizes the Fed. Feels Bad For Investors Buying Junk Bonds


						2 years ago - John Burbank: European QE Can’t Save The Markets Same As the U.S. Quantitative Easing. Everything Will Be Liquidated










Sigora International  $1.00 million  Fundraising. Michael Chapman  Filed Dec 10  Filing


12/10/2015  by OctaStaff 
			in Private Financing News 












Share with your friendsYour NameYour EmailRecipient EmailEnter a MessageI read this article and found it very interesting, thought it might be interesting for you. The article is called Sigora International  $1.00 million  Fundraising. Michael Chapman  Filed Dec 10  Filing and is was published by Octafinance.com at http://www.octafinance.com/sigora-international-1-00-million-fundraising-michael-chapman-filed-dec-10-filing/308139/.CaptchaSubmit
Sigora International Financing
Sigora International Inc., Corporation just had published form D for $1.00 million debt financing. This is a new filing. Sigora International was able to finance itself with $50,000 so far. That is 5.00 % of the fundraising. The total fundraising amount was $1.00 million. The form was filed on 2015-12-10. The reason for the financing was: unspecified. The fundraising still has about $950,000 more and is not closed yet. We have to wait more to see if the offering will be fully taken.
 Sigora International is based in Virginia. The firm’s business is Other Energy. The SEC form was signed by Michael Chapman President. The company was incorporated in 2015. The filler’s address is: 292 Race Ave, Bldg 3, Waynesboro, Va, Virginia, 22980. Michael Chapman is the related person in the form and it has address: 292 Race Avenue, Building #3, Waynesboro, Va, Virginia, 22980. Link to Sigora International Filing: 000165444515000001.
Analysis of Sigora International Offering
On average, startups in the Other Energy sector, sell 65.00 % of the total offering amount. Sigora International sold 5.00 % of the offering. The fundraising is still open. The average fundraising size for companies in the Other Energy industry is $1.11 million. The offering was 95.48 % smaller than the average of $1.11 million. Of course this should not be interpreted as negative. Businesses raise funds for different reasons and needs. The minimum investment for this financing is set at $5000. If you know more about the reasons for the financing, please comment below.
What is Form D? What It Is Used For
Form D disclosures could be used to track and understand better your competitors. The information in Form D is usually highly confidential for ventures and startups and they don’t like revealing it. This is because it reveals amount raised or planned to be raised as well as reasons for the financing. This could help competitors. Entrepreneurs usually want to keep their financing a ‘secret’ so they can stay in stealth mode for longer.
Why Fundraising Reporting Is Good For Sigora International Also
The Form D signed by Michael Chapman might help Sigora International Inc.’s sector. First, it helps potential customers feel more safe to deal with a firm that is well financed. The odds are higher that it will stay in the business. Second, this could attract other investors such as venture-capital firms, funds and angels. Third, positive PR effects could even bring leasing firms and venture lenders.

Receive News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.







 
Tagged: Other Energy



Icross Fund 3  Filing. Lily Guo  Published Dec 10  SEC form Knowingly  $600000  Financing. Byron Reese  Released Nov 23  SEC Filing 



 





Free Email Newsletter
    Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with our FREE daily email newsletter:







Hedge Fund NewsTop 10 CITADEL ADVISORS 13F Holdings in Q3 2015DF DENT & CO INC Just Released Its Q3 2015 Stock PositionsMAVERICK CAPITAL Top 10 Holdings in Q3 2015Analyzing Ken Griffins CITADEL ADVISORS Stock Holdings in Q3 2015LONE PINE CAPITAL Top 10 13F Positions in Q3 2015Guru NewsFelix Zulauf Sees a Stock Market Correction Coming. This Rally S&P 500 (INDEXSP:.INX) Will Be Short-LivedMarc Faber Shares His Insight in One Hour Exclusive Interview. He Covers All From Commodities and China to Inflation, The Euro and GoldJim Grant: The Next Thing Might Be Helicopter Money. What to Buy and Where He Sees Investment OpportunitiesKyle Bass Bearish on Emerging Markets for at least 2 More Years. Looking to Short CurrenciesDavid Tepper Gets Defensive. Is it Time to Get Out of The Stock Market?


CTAs NewsRed Rock Just Published Report About The Trend Following Landscape & How CTAs’ Performance Must Be AnalyzedHow to Implement Dual Momentum for non-US InvestorsDo Commodity Trading Advisors (CTAs) Really Provide Crisis Alpha, Equity Hedge and Are Long Volatility?



























 
 





















 





Sigora International Inc. | F6S










 



 















Log in with





Sign in







This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Find out more



































Sigora International Inc. 

    Power & empower with clean, reliable, and fairly priced power. Sustainably    



Energy & Cleantech
                 •                 Internet of Things



















 












Overview






                            San Francisco, US                            



 














            Founders                    







                Admin            



Natasha Skreslet

                                                    PR                                                
Adventurer who is passionate about people having what they need to thrive. 























                There are 1.3 billion people without power. The International Energy Agency estimates that
40% are potential customers for microutilities. That is a huge market opportunity with tremendous poverty reduction potential.  We want to capitalize on that. 

Sigora International is a specialty provider of microutility energy systems designed for frontier markets. A unique approach for the environmentally and financially sustainable electrification of underserved communities, Sigora deploys specialized hardware, web-managed software, and simple pre-payment solutions specifically designed for emergent energy markets. Sigora can power anything from a small fishing village to a large city, all with the same technology, sustainably. 

Our mission is to power and empower the world with clean, reliable, and fairly-priced energy using a commercially viable microutility model that can be brought to scale faster, cheaper, and more effectively than existing electrification solutions.

Our aim is to p...
            

                There are 1.3 billion people without power. The International Energy Agency estimates that
40% are potential customers for microutilities. That is a huge market opportunity with tremendous poverty reduction potential.  We want to capitalize on that. 

Sigora International is a specialty provider of microutility energy systems designed for frontier markets. A unique approach for the environmentally and financially sustainable electrification of underserved communities, Sigora deploys specialized hardware, web-managed software, and simple pre-payment solutions specifically designed for emergent energy markets. Sigora can power anything from a small fishing village to a large city, all with the same technology, sustainably. 

Our mission is to power and empower the world with clean, reliable, and fairly-priced energy using a commercially viable microutility model that can be brought to scale faster, cheaper, and more effectively than existing electrification solutions.

Our aim is to provide underserved populations with a first rate electric utility service that is tailored to their needs, facilitates connectivity, accommodates a dynamic energy landscape, and provides a return on investment. 

Sigora’s grid technology is designed to provide more than just power metering and production monitoring, it is an integrated micro-utility management system. The proprietary smart meter and cloud-based API software automate account management tasks, monitor the technical and financial performance of the grid, and provide real-time data analytics and meter control, enabling Sigora to troubleshoot and address problems before they become serious. 

Because Sigora’s meters communicate using mesh networks it is simple to implement a captive portal for internet access. When enabled, every meter in a grid becomes part of a large wireless network and provides internet access to the local community.

The modular design of the system supplies a range of power to meet the dynamic energy needs of an energy emerging market. Unlike other decentralized energy-access solutions like standalone microgrids and solar home kits, the single, split and tri-phase configurations of Sigora’s meters enable the system to power anything from a small fishing village to a large city.            
More information











            Recommendations                    




















 









 




Add Your

Event
Startup
Job Listing
Deal
Accelerator
Inv. Fund
Angel Group
Contest
Coworking




Internet of Things
Get Free Deals
Promote your own Deal
Startup Jobs
Startups
Contests
Startup Events
Investment Funds
Accelerators
R&D Tax Relief




About
F6S API
Privacy policy
Terms and Conditions
Cookie Policy
Feedback













                © 2017 F6S Network Limited. All rights reserved.            

Powered by



















Sigora International – Power & Empower














































































POWER AND EMPOWER


                WITH ENERGY THAT IS                CLEAN
RELIABLE
FAIRLY-PRICED








SIGORA INTERNATIONAL INC.
A specialty provider of microutility energy systems designed for frontier markets.












                                The Sigora green microutility is a unique approach for the environmentally and financially sustainable electrification of underserved communities.

                                

 










                                We leverage our unique platform and broad experience in execution to rapidly install and scale interconnected clean energy microgrids – the microutility -  in frontier markets.

                                

 










                                Deploying specialized hardware, web-managed software, and simple pre-payment solutions specifically designed for frontier markets, Sigora can power anything from a small fishing village to a large city, all with the same technology. Sustainably.
                                

 











Access to electricity is crucial for almost all aspects of human and economic development. The right of all people to access affordable, reliable, and sustainable electricity that elevates living standards while promoting economic growth, preserving natural resources, and mitigating and adapting to climate change has been widely recognized.
 - United Nations’ Sustainable Energy for All (SE4ALL) -  









The Clean Energy Microutility










CLEAN

                                Solar and wind generation scaled & deployed for reduced construction and operational expenses.

                                

 








RELIABLE

                                “Cash Guaranteed” 24/7 electricity that is suitable for refrigeration, electrical cooking, and modern commercial appliances.

                                

 








FAIRLY-PRICED

                                Fair pricing that reduces customers’ energy expenditures and generates profits for the microutility.

                                

 








PROBLEM:


                1.3 BILLION PEOPLE WITHOUT                ELECTRICITY
ACCESS 
OPPORTUNITY 








SOLUTION










Low-cost distributed power generation

                                Advancements in solar and wind technology provide a reliable, clean, and low-cost alternative to fluctuating centralized power generation. Meanwhile, collocated generation on a largescale unlocks greater economies of scale and more efficient management of the power system.

                                

 








Affordable smart-metering hardware engineered for frontier markets

                                Sigora smart meters are designed to address the needs of a utility provider in an emerging energy market. We took a modular approach to the design, allowing for custom configuration on every level from power type (single phase, split phase and tri-phase) to communication method. In addition, the meters take theft prevention a step further, acting as a decoder for the power that comes into the device. 
                                

 








Robust revenue and demand management technology platform

                                Sigora’s remote monitoring control provides real time feedback and allows for full manual and automated control of individual meters that provides pre-paid mobile payment with demand control, real time analytics, and anti-theft capabilities.
                                

 










Learn more about Sigora's proprietary smart meter and grid management technology.  




LEARN MORE 









PRESS COVERAGE
Sigora in the news



































































To get in touch with our public relations team, send us a message at media@sigora.co




Contact Sigora PR 








Gallery
Sigora in action



All




































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































VIDEO GALLERY


A bird's eye view of Sigora Haiti's pilot deployment in Mole St Nicolas. Filmed July 2016. 


 







Partners
We are proud to have the support of the following partners:






















NEWS AND MEDIA
Any questions about media-related matters can be sent to media@sigora.co
STAY CONNECTED
For the latest news and updates, sign up to the Sigora Newsletter
WORK WITH US
If you are interested in working with Sigora, get in touch with us via our Contact Page
 
Sigora International Inc. 292 Race Ave Building #3 Waynesboro VA 22980

CONTACT US 
































