










 













 







Siguler Guff SBCOF Parallel Fund, LP - Pooled Investment Fund- Burns  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









Siguler Guff SBCOF Parallel Fund, LP

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    825 Third Avenue, 10 Th Floor  
    New York, NY, 10022Phone: 212-332-5100 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2017-07-05


Amended


$10,975,000


$500,000


Other


06b 3C 3C.7


SEC link




	2016-12-21


Amended


$10,475,000


$0


Other


06b 3C 3C.7


SEC link




	2016-09-30


Amended


$10,475,000


$275,000


Other


06b 3C 3C.7


SEC link




	2015-10-02


New


$10,200,000


$10,200,000


Other


06b 3C 3C.7


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Kenneth Burns 
 Executive 


 Andrew Joseph Guff 
 Executive 


 Jay Lee Koh 
 Executive 


 George William Siguler 
 Executive 


 N/A Siguler Guff & Company, Lp 
 Promoter 


 N/A Siguler Guff Sbcof Gp, Llc 
 Executive 


 Donald Paul Spencer 
 Executive 












Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version












 

Siguler Guff Sbcof Parallel Fund Lp raised $10,200,000 on October 2nd, 2015































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/deals/376195-siguler-guff-sbcof-parallel-fund-lpsection=deals&subsection=detail&id=376195  




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


Siguler Guff Sbcof Parallel Fund Lp raised $10,200,000 on October 2nd, 2015.Get alertedif Siguler Guff Sbcof Parallel Fund Lp gets funded!Amount:$10,200,000Company:Siguler Guff Sbcof Parallel Fund LpInvestors:-Industry:FinanceCountry:State:City:United StatesNew YorkNew York CityKey people:Kenneth Burns (Executive Officer) Andrew Guff (Executive Officer) Jay Koh (Executive Officer) George Siguler (Executive Officer) Donald Spencer (Executive Officer)Data sources:www.sec.gov - D - Siguler Guff SBCOF Parallel Fund, LP (0001654683) (Filer)Description:In October 2nd, 2015, Siguler Guff Sbcof Parallel Fund Lp, a New York City, United States-based firm that specializes in Finance, has closed its 10M investment round.Please note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment!



Siguler Guff SBCOF Parallel Fund, LP


















graypools
Sign in
Learn more







Siguler Guff SBCOF Parallel Fund, LP
Private Equity Fund






Institutional Investors

Private Equity Funds

Siguler Guff SBCOF Parallel Fund, LP





















Siguler Guff SBCOF Parallel Fund, LP
is  a Delaware Private Equity Fund located in New York,
New York.  
 

It was founded on Thursday, September 17, 2015.






825 Third Avenue, 10th Floor
New York,
New York, 
10022 
United States
Phone: (212) 332-5100




Inception Date2015-09-17
Minimum Investment5.00M
CIK0001654683
JurisdictionDelaware
Updated2017-06-20 13:27:34.925204
NameSiguler Guff SBCOF Parallel Fund, LP
Latest Filing2016-12-21
As of Date2016-12-21
Inception2015-09-17
Form D File Number021-248647
Private Fund ID805-5797014024
Legal Entity TypeLimited Partnership











Statements



Portfolio


Commitments and Contributions


Beneficial Owners


Private Investors






Advisers



Fund Managers: 1












06-17




Portfolios
11.27M











12-16
09-16
10-15




Commitments/Contributions
10.47M
10.47M
10.20M











06-17




Beneficial Owners
5.00











12-16
09-16
10-15




Investors
5.00
5.00
3.00







Fund Managers: 2016-12-21



Siguler Guff Advisers LLC
Delaware
































About /
Entities /
Legal
© 2017 Graypools LLC










Siguler Guff Secondary Opportunities Fund Cayman Research Report - Revenue - Market Share - Competition - Growth
















     Target new business; track competition.
    


Subscribe
Log In











Solutions for: 
Investment BankingMarket ResearchPrivate EquityExecutivesConsultantsReporters & Journalists
 





✕
Log In

Email Address
 
Password
 






✕
Subscribe

Email Address
 
Password
 







SIGULER GUFF SECONDARY OPPORTUNITIES FUND CAYMAN


Premium Company Report








The Premium Siguler Guff Secondary Opportunities Fund Cayman Company Report contains critical information including:
		Revenue from previous years (2010-2015)
		Growth rate
		Estimated financials and profit margin
		Funding from Venture Capital and Private Equity firms
		Latest trademark applications
		Additional industries in which the company operates
		

		$149


View subscription options







DBA SIGULER GUFF & COMPANY, LLCDBA Siguler Guff BRIC Opportunities Fund III, LPDBA Siguler Guff BRIC Opportunities Fund III (T), LPDBA Siguler Guff Distressed Opportunities Fund IV, LPDBA Siguler Guff Distressed Opportunities Fund IV (F), LPDBA Siguler Guff Distressed Opportunities Fund IV (P), LPDBA Siguler Guff Distressed Opportunities Fund IV (T), LPDBA Siguler Guff Distressed Opportunities Fund V, LPDBA Siguler Guff Distressed Opportunities Fund V (F), LPDBA Siguler Guff Distressed Opportunities Fund V (P), LPDBA Siguler Guff Distressed Opportunities Fund V (T), LPDBA Siguler Guff Distressed Real Estate Opportunities Fund, LPDBA Siguler Guff Distressed Real Estate Opportunities Fund (E), LPDBA Siguler Guff Distressed Real Estate Opportunities Fund II, LPDBA Siguler Guff Distressed Real Estate Opportunities Fund II (E), LPDBA Siguler Guff Distressed Real Estate Opportunities Fund II (T), LPDBA SIGULER GUFF DISTRESSED REAL ESTATE OPPORTUNITIES FUND (T), LPDBA Siguler Guff DREOF II Co-Investment Fund, LPDBA Siguler Guff DREOF II Co-Investment Fund (E), LPDBA Siguler Guff DREOF II Co-Investment Fund (T), LPDBA Siguler Guff Global Emerging Markets Opportunities Fund IV (Cayman), LPDBA Siguler Guff Global Emerging Markets Opportunities Fund IV (DE), LPDBA Siguler Guff SBCOF Parallel Fund, LPDBA Siguler Guff Secondary Opportunities Fund (DE), LPDBA Siguler Guff Secondary Opportunities Fund (TE), LPDBA Siguler Guff Small Business Credit Opportunities Fund, LPDBA Siguler Guff Small Buyout Opportunities Fund II (F), LPDBA Siguler Guff Small Buyout Opportunities Fund III, LPDBA Siguler Guff Small Buyout Opportunities Fund III (F), LPDBA Siguler Guff Small Buyout Opportunities Fund III (T), LPDBA Siguler Guff Small Buyout Opportunities Fund II (T), LPDBA Siguler Guff Trade Finance Opportunities Fund, LP825 Third Avenue, 10th Floor  New York, NY 10022 www.sigulerguff.com

Company Awards

VC / Private Equity



Company Profile & Financial Information for Siguler Guff Secondary Opportunities Fund Cayman
Siguler Guff Secondary Opportunities Fund Cayman's revenue, profitability, growth rate by year. Trademarks and applications show Siguler Guff Secondary Opportunities Fund Cayman's marketing strategy.
	Precise revenue figures by year, number of employees, and trademarks indicate Siguler Guff Secondary Opportunities Fund Cayman's strengths. 
Siguler Guff Secondary Opportunities Fund Cayman operates in the Securities, Commodity Contracts & Other Financial Investments industry. 	A list of fastest growing competitors, and info on recession risks show Siguler Guff Secondary Opportunities Fund Cayman's weaknesses relative to its competitors. 

	
Access the complete profile.


Fast Facts

Revenue$10 - $100 million    Exact Revenue in Premium ReportEmployees100 - 1,000Exact Employee Count Available in Premium ReportPrimary Industry523 Securities, Commodity Contracts & Other Financial Investments

Note: Revenues are statistical evaluations.

	Siguler Guff Secondary Opportunities Fund Cayman's Business Operations Profile shows critical firmographic facts:
		What is the company's size? (Revenue and employees)
			What industry is the company in?
		

Siguler Guff Secondary Opportunities Fund Cayman Revenue and Growth Rate

Siguler Guff Secondary Opportunities Fund Cayman
Revenue ($ MM)Growth Rate (%)# Employees
2015Details in Premium Report
2014
2013
2012



1-Year Growth Rate:3-Year Growth Rate (CAGR):


Investor Activity
		Siguler Guff Secondary Opportunities Fund Cayman has actively raised capital from investors. These investors may include private investors, venture capital firms, or other investment vehicles.

Date
Investors
Percent Raised
Target Size

July 7, 2017
216
INF%
$0 MM

Complete list of funding rounds and total amounts in the Company Report
Income Statement (Industry Averages)
Siguler Guff Secondary Opportunities Fund Cayman's income statement based on industry averages: 

$ Millions(Industry Average)
Total Revenue


Operating Revenue
Cost of Goods Sold
Gross Profit
Operating Expenses
Pension, profit sharing plans, stock, annuity
Repairs
Rent paid on business property
Charitable Contributions
Depletion
Domestic production activities deduction
Advertising
Compensation of officers
Salaries and wages
Employee benefit programs
Taxes and Licenses
Bad Debts
Depreciation
Amortization
Other Operating Expenses
Total Operating Expenses
Operating Income
Non-Operating Income
EBITDA
EBIT (Earnings Before Interest and Taxes)
Interest Expense
Earnings Before Taxes
Income Tax
Net Profit
 

Trademark Applications
	Trademark applications, moreso than trademark registrations, show the products and services that are developing and being actively marketed.
	Companies that don't have any trademark applications are more likely to be stable, maintaining their existing business lines.
	Companies that are applying for new trademarks are likely to be investing in R&D and marketing, attempting to expand more rapidly or pivoting to reach strategic markets.
	Trademarks may include brand names, product names, logos and slogans. 
	


Trademark
Date

SIGULER GUFF SGFinancial services, namely, investment management, investment advice, investment consultation and investment of funds for others 11/10/2008SGFinancial services, namely, investment management, investment advice, investment consultation and investment of funds for others 11/10/2008SIGULER GUFFFinancial services, namely, investment management, investment advice, investment consultation and investment of funds for others 11/10/2008 See all trademarks in the Full Report. 
Recession Risk
	IncFact analyzed data from the last recession to determine whether Siguler Guff Secondary Opportunities Fund Cayman grew or shrank over that period. We also looked at other companies in the industry
	 to compare how recession-proof Siguler Guff Secondary Opportunities Fund Cayman is relative to the industry. While a new recession may strike a particular industry, measuring the
	 industry and company's robustness during the last recession estimates its ability to weather future recessions.

	
Market Share of Competition: Siguler Guff Secondary Opportunities Fund Cayman vs. Largest Competitors
		A competitive analysis shows these companies are in the same general field as Siguler Guff Secondary Opportunities Fund Cayman, even though they may not compete head-to-head. 
		These are the largest companies by revenue. However, they may not have the largest market share in this industry if they have diversified into other business lines. 
		The "Competition" section of a business plan or investment memorandum would start by analyzing the information about these companies.
		Competitive advantage comes from offering better pricing or superior products/service.
		
Company
HeadquartersRevenue ($ MM)CITIGROUPStamford, CT100 FEDERAL HOME LOAN MORTGAGEMclean, VA48 FMRBoston, MA31 INTL FCSTONENew York, NY15 FMRMerrimack, NH13 Nearby CompetitionInfo on companies that are located in close proximity to Siguler Guff Secondary Opportunities Fund Cayman, operating in similar markets. 
		While some companies, particularly retail, compete with neighboring businesses for customers, other companies may compete to attract skilled employees. 
	

Siguler Guff Secondary Opportunities Fund Cayman's CompetitorsRevenue ($ MM)





Fastest Growing CompetitorsThese companies are in the same general field as Siguler Guff Secondary Opportunities Fund Cayman and are rapidly expanding. Companies may grow organically or through acquisition. In some cases apparently high growth rates may be caused by data that weren't available in previous years.
	

CompanyRevenue ($ MM)











   
Discover @ IncFact
Contact Us
Press & Media
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
(0.0076 s)
© 2017 IncFact.com. All Rights Reserved.









Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









﻿







Siguler Guff Sbcof Parallel Fund  Filing. Daniel Whitcomb  Published Oct 2  form – Octafinance






















































 








Friday, 28 July 2017

























 

Menu



Featured News


						2 years ago - Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Tests Its Ad Technology On Billboards To Cushion Itself Against Ad Blocks


						2 years ago - China Margin Debt Hits 8-Week High, Japan Pumps’n’Dumps As Kyle Bass Fears Looming EM Banking Crisis


						2 years ago - Marc Faber Shares His Insight in One Hour Exclusive Interview. He Covers All From Commodities and China to Inflation, The Euro and Gold


						2 years ago - Carl Icahn Criticizes the Fed. Feels Bad For Investors Buying Junk Bonds


						2 years ago - John Burbank: European QE Can’t Save The Markets Same As the U.S. Quantitative Easing. Everything Will Be Liquidated










Siguler Guff Sbcof Parallel Fund  Filing. Daniel Whitcomb  Published Oct 2  form


10/02/2015  by OctaStaff 
			in Private Financing News 












Share with your friendsYour NameYour EmailRecipient EmailEnter a MessageI read this article and found it very interesting, thought it might be interesting for you. The article is called Siguler Guff Sbcof Parallel Fund  Filing. Daniel Whitcomb  Published Oct 2  form and is was published by Octafinance.com at http://www.octafinance.com/siguler-guff-sbcof-parallel-fund-filing-daniel-whitcomb-published-oct-2-form/213719/.CaptchaSubmit
Siguler Guff Sbcof Parallel Fund Form D
The New York-based Siguler Guff Sbcof Parallel Fund, Lp released D Form regarding $10.20 million offering. This is a new filing. The Limited Partnership raised $10.20 million. The offering is still open. The total offering amount amount was $10.20 million. The private offering document was filed on 2015-10-02. Siguler Guff Sbcof Parallel Fund, Lp’s clarification was: Siguler Guff Global Markets is a registered broker-dealer acting as placement agent for the Issuer. Certain of its representatives receive compensation indirectly based on the Issuer’s fundraising, but no compensation is paid from the offering’s proceeds. 
 Siguler Guff Sbcof Parallel Fund is based in New York. The firm’s business is Pooled Investment Fund. The D form was submitted by Daniel Whitcomb Chief Compliance Officer. The company was incorporated in 2015. The filler’s address is: 825 Third Avenue, 10Th Floor, New York, Ny, New York, 10022. Siguler Guff & Company, Lp is the related person in the form and it has address: 825 Third Avenue, 10Th Floor, New York, Ny, New York, 10022. Link to Siguler Guff Sbcof Parallel Fund Filing: 000165468315000001.
Analysis of Siguler Guff Sbcof Parallel Fund Offering
On average, firms in the Pooled Investment Fund sector, sell 37.80% investment fund interests. Siguler Guff Sbcof Parallel Fund sold 100.00% of the offering. The average offering size is $24.76 million for companies in the Pooled Investment Fund industry sector. The total amount raised is 58.80% smaller than the average for companies in the Pooled Investment Fund sector. 

Receive News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.







 
Tagged: Fundraising $1m+Pooled Investment Fund



Duncan Billing Purchased 152 Shares of Hasbro, Inc. (NASDAQ:HAS) The director of Endurance Specialty Holdings Ltd. (NYSE:ENH), John Baily Made a Purchase of 39 Shares 



 





Free Email Newsletter
    Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with our FREE daily email newsletter:







Hedge Fund NewsTop 10 CITADEL ADVISORS 13F Holdings in Q3 2015DF DENT & CO INC Just Released Its Q3 2015 Stock PositionsMAVERICK CAPITAL Top 10 Holdings in Q3 2015Analyzing Ken Griffins CITADEL ADVISORS Stock Holdings in Q3 2015LONE PINE CAPITAL Top 10 13F Positions in Q3 2015Guru NewsFelix Zulauf Sees a Stock Market Correction Coming. This Rally S&P 500 (INDEXSP:.INX) Will Be Short-LivedMarc Faber Shares His Insight in One Hour Exclusive Interview. He Covers All From Commodities and China to Inflation, The Euro and GoldJim Grant: The Next Thing Might Be Helicopter Money. What to Buy and Where He Sees Investment OpportunitiesKyle Bass Bearish on Emerging Markets for at least 2 More Years. Looking to Short CurrenciesDavid Tepper Gets Defensive. Is it Time to Get Out of The Stock Market?


CTAs NewsRed Rock Just Published Report About The Trend Following Landscape & How CTAs’ Performance Must Be AnalyzedHow to Implement Dual Momentum for non-US InvestorsDo Commodity Trading Advisors (CTAs) Really Provide Crisis Alpha, Equity Hedge and Are Long Volatility?



















 

Siguler Guff Sbcof Parallel Fund Lp - Funding history, company info, news ...































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/companies/212456-siguler-guff-sbcof-parallel-fund-lpsection=companies&subsection=detail&id=212456  




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


Siguler Guff Sbcof Parallel Fund LpCompany DetailsGet alertedif Siguler Guff Sbcof Parallel Fund Lp gets funded!Siguler Guff Sbcof Parallel Fund LpFunding history Key peopleCountry:State:City:United StatesNew YorkNew York CityIndustry:Finance Funding history DateDeal sizeInvestors October 2nd, 2015$10,200,000-View DealCreate alertManage your alerts in accountWant to know when Siguler Guff Sbcof Parallel Fund Lp gets funded?Key peopleKenneth BurnsExecutive OfficerAndrew GuffExecutive OfficerJay KohExecutive OfficerGeorge SigulerExecutive OfficerDonald SpencerExecutive OfficerPlease note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment!