









Investment Strategies | Siguler Guff & Company, LP
























Skip to main content












Investor Access







About UsFirm History

Investment ServicesInvestment Strategies
Responsible Investing

Our Team
News
Careers
Contact Us
Investor Access















Investment Strategies




Since inception, Siguler Guff has managed over $15 billion of investor commitments, of which over $3 billion have been in separate accounts and other advisory activities.
 








Distressed, Special Situations and Specialty Finance










Distressed Opportunities Funds




Investor Commitments: $5.3 billion 



Siguler Guff’s Distressed Opportunities Funds are diversified portfolios that invest in the securities and other interests of companies, structures or assets undergoing financial distress, operating difficulties or restructuring. The portfolios use an active management, broad-based approach and include corporate debt and equity, structured credit, real estate, other special situations and niche opportunities, as well as secondary investments. The Firm takes a dynamic approach, looking across geographies, asset classes and strategies to tactically allocate capital to investments appropriate to the market opportunity and cycle. Siguler Guff actively reevaluates market conditions to target market inefficiencies and dislocations in value which are inherently limited in time. The strategy is implemented through a variety of fund structures, separate accounts, joint ventures, secondary transactions, and direct investments / co-investments.
 













Trade Finance Opportunities Fund




Investor Commitments: $263 million 



Through the Distressed Opportunities Funds, Siguler Guff identified a unique opportunity to take advantage of the disconnect between mandatory new capital charges for trade finance assets and low expected losses. Siguler Guff’s Trade Finance Opportunities Fund seeks to structure and enter into separate accounts or joint ventures with operating partners to negotiate investments primarily in trade finance regulatory capital relief transactions and to own, hold, sell or otherwise dispose of such investments.
 













Secondary Opportunities Fund




Investor Commitments: $337 million 



Siguler Guff has been investing in the secondary market since 2010 through its distressed investment platform. The Firm focuses on special situations/credit-focused secondary market opportunities including purchasing interests in funds managed by traditional distressed managers and out-of-favor managers/fallen angels, side pocket liquidations, and value and yield-oriented strategies.
 





 

 



Real Estate








Investor Commitments: $1.8 billion 



Siguler Guff’s Distressed Real Estate Opportunities Funds are diversified portfolios that invest in various types of real property interests, including equity interests in commercial property, commercial mortgages and commercial mortgage-backed securities, and the debt and equity securities of real estate operating companies and real estate investment trusts. The portfolios target high quality properties, primarily in the U.S. and Europe, which have deteriorated in value due to high levels of vacancy and deferred maintenance issues resulting from overleveraged capital structures. Siguler Guff employs a value-oriented, cycle-aware and structure-agnostic strategy to target the evolving opportunity in the current cycle. The Firm seeks to create a program with access to a broad universe of value opportunities at lower fees and with better governance than the traditional opportunity fund or fund-of-fund models, through greater control and alignment of managers.
Siguler Guff’s real estate experience dates back to 1993 when the Firm, in partnership with a leading small business lender, formed Business Mortgage Investors, Inc. in the wake of the Savings and Loan Crisis to purchase performing small business mortgages from the Resolution Trust Company and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation.

 



 

 



Small Business








Investor Commitments: $1.7 billion 



Siguler Guff’s Small Buyout Opportunities Funds are diversified portfolios that invest in small buyout funds (funds capitalized with less than $250 million) and small-lower middle market companies (companies with $3-$15 million of EBITDA) which are difficult for many investors to access. The program targets specialized, small, yet well-established, companies that are typically family-owned, founder-owned and/or owner-operated. Siguler Guff believes that the small and lower middle market offers inefficiencies and a variety of appealing characteristics, including substantial deal flow, less competitive transactions, lower purchase multiples, low leverage and significant value creation potential. To effectively and efficiently target this segment of the market, Siguler Guff works with small buyout fund managers as both a limited partner and a co-investment partner. The Firm seeks to partner with managers who have reliably demonstrated the ability to acquire high-quality companies at purchase price and leverage multiples below prevailing market multiples, stemming from their ability to source robust deal flow and exert a disciplined investment style.

 



 

 



Emerging Markets










BRIC Opportunities Funds and Emerging Markets Separate Accounts




Investor Commitments: $2.6 billion 



Siguler Guff’s BRIC Opportunities Funds are diversified portfolios that selectively invest in the rapidly growing economies of Brazil, Russia, India and China, and other emerging markets with attractive private equity characteristics. The Firm targets small and medium-sized businesses that benefit from the expanding middle class, growth of local industries and growth in per capita GDP of these emerging economies. Siguler Guff partners with local teams who are capable of sourcing attractively priced, high-growth companies in non-competitive processes and who focus on fast growing Tier II and Tier III cities and regions.
 













Russia Partners Funds




Investor Commitments:  $1.3 billion 



Operating since 1991, Russia Partners is a leading private equity investor in Russia and the countries of the former Soviet Union. Russia Partners has managed six private equity funds and more than 65 investments. The core investment strategy of Russia Partners is to make direct equity and equity-related investments in fast-growing medium-sized companies operating in industries that meet the developing demands of the region’s rapidly growing and maturing middle class. Russia Partners’ founding partners have worked together for over 20 years, investing in the region through numerous economic cycles, including the economic crises of 1998 and 2008.
 













RP Tech




Investor Commitments: $93 million 



RP Tech was established in 2011 to make direct equity and equity-related investments in high-growth businesses in areas related to technology and innovation in Russia and the countries of the former Soviet Union, as well as in companies that are implementing global technologies and processes throughout this region. Notable investments made by RP Tech include GlobalLogic, a full-lifecycle product development services leader, Viagogo, a leading European online ticket marketplace, Mirantis, a leading pure-play OpenStack software company, and RetailNext, the worldwide market leader for in-store retail analytics.
Click here to visit the Russia Partners website
 





 

 



Separate Accounts








Investor Commitments: $2.8 billion 



Siguler Guff recognizes the need for certain clients to maintain a unique degree of focus and diversification within their private equity portfolios, and consequently works with select clients to provide customized solutions through separate accounts. The Firm currently manages separate accounts with aggregate investor commitments of approximately $2.8 billion on behalf of clients such as public and corporate pension funds, sovereign wealth funds, unions, endowments, foundations and superannuation funds.
Siguler Guff began managing its first separate account in 1993 and has prudently increased the number of separate accounts that it manages over time. These portfolios include a range of investment strategies such as buyouts, growth capital, distressed and special situations, venture capital, mezzanine, real estate, and secondary investments that invest globally across North America, Europe, and the emerging markets. Siguler Guff’s separate account mandates typically include direct investments / co-investments as well as underlying fund investments and leverage resources across the Firm to manage customized portfolios for investors.
As an advisor, Siguler Guff evaluates the global private equity market, assesses the best investment opportunities in the market at any given point in time and provides specific advice on sectors of particular interest to its clients. Siguler Guff provides extensive due diligence and a comprehensive evaluation of fund managers and direct investments / co-investments in these sectors. The Firm manages all transactions (investor capital calls and distributions) and provides consolidated, customized client reports and portfolio analysis. Siguler Guff also advocates on behalf of its clients through advisory board participation and active management of underlying investments.
 



 

 



Advisory Activities and Other Strategies










Venture Lending & Leasing




Investor Commitments: $374 million 



Venture Lending & Leasing was formed as a joint venture between Siguler Guff Advisers and Western Technology Investments in 1994. Siguler Guff served as a co-adviser to the first three Venture Lending & Leasing funds. Starting with Venture Lending & Leasing IV, Siguler Guff's role transitioned to that of a special limited partner.
The Venture Lending & Leasing funds were organized to provide asset-backed financing to carefully selected venture capital-backed companies in the form of secured loans and equipment leases and in exchange for current coupon payments and equity warrants. Loans to each company range from $1 million to $25 million, with warrant coverage of 7% to 12% of the loan amount. Venture Lending & Leasing provides an alternative, carefully structured layer of financing that complements venture capital equity. 
 













Siguler Guff Capital Partners




Investor Commitments: $265 million 



Established in 1999, Siguler Guff Capital Partners is a unique program in which Siguler Guff co-invests with investors in top-quality, best of breed private equity funds, both domestically and internationally, across a range of opportunities including buyouts, venture capital, distressed, mezzanine financing, and special situations/turnarounds. The Firm identifies, evaluates, and accesses these unique private equity opportunities and allows each investor in the Siguler Guff Capital Partners program to decide on a case-by-case basis whether to participate. In most cases, access to these top-tier private equity firms and investment minimums would otherwise be prohibitive to smaller investors.
 













WMAM Funds




Investor Commitments: $529 million 



In April 2009, Siguler Guff became the investment adviser to the WMAM funds, a portfolio of four multi-manager funds and one direct investment fund that were part of a joint venture between BNY Mellon and WestLB.
 





 

 

 



Note: Investor commitments for Siguler Guff’s dedicated emerging markets and small business separate accounts are included in the Separate Accounts section and also in the respective strategy section.




























 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Siguler Guff & Company, LP: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 3:41 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Siguler Guff & Company, LP



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Siguler Guff & Company, LP is a private equity firm specializing in fund of funds and direct investments. The firm’s core investment strategies include distressed and special situations, distressed real estate, small business, emerging markets, as well as secondary investments. It also invests in companies, structures or assets undergoing financial distress, operating difficulties or restructuring; distressed residential, commercial, and consumer asset-backed securities and loans; corporate debt and equity; and structured credit. The firm seeks to invest 70 percent of its funds in managers and 30 percent in co-investments. For direct investments, the firm invests in early venture, turnaround...
Siguler Guff & Company, LP is a private equity firm specializing in fund of funds and direct investments. The firm’s core investment strategies include distressed and special situations, distressed real estate, small business, emerging markets, as well as secondary investments. It also invests in companies, structures or assets undergoing financial distress, operating difficulties or restructuring; distressed residential, commercial, and consumer asset-backed securities and loans; corporate debt and equity; and structured credit. The firm seeks to invest 70 percent of its funds in managers and 30 percent in co-investments. For direct investments, the firm invests in early venture, turnaround, mature, mid venture, late venture, later stage, leveraged buyouts, distressed debt, and mezzanine investments in areas of market inefficiencies and capital starvation. For fund of funds investments, it invests in small buyout funds investing in small and lower mid-market companies, venture capital funds, and private equity funds. The firm invests in emerging markets. For direct investments, the firm invests in oil, gas, and consumable fuels in energy sector and in real estate in Middle East, North Africa, Sub-Saharan Africa, Ukraine, Moldova, Lithuania, Latvia, Estonia, Belarus, United Kingdom, Japan, India, China, Brazil, Russia, North America, Armenia, Azerbaijan, Georgia, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, and Uzbekistan. For fund of fund investments, it invests in companies based in the United States, Russia, Brazil, India, China, Europe, Japan, and the former Soviet states and other frontier markets. For direct investments, the firm invest in companies with sales value less than $15 million, enterprise value less than $100 million, and EBITDA between $3 million and $15 million. For fund of funds investments, it invests in strategies like distressed investments, real estate, small buyout funds capitalized with less than $250 million, and focuses on managers investing in companies in North America with EBITDA between $3 million and $15 million. The firm also invests in commercial property, commercial mortgages, and the debt and equity securities of real estate operating companies and real estate investment trusts. It prefers to invest in properties primarily in the U.S. and Europe, which have deteriorated in value due to high levels of vacancy and deferred maintenance issues resulting from overleveraged capital structures. The firm also makes co-investments. Siguler Guff & Company, LP was founded in 1991 and is based in New York, New York with additional offices in Asia, United States, and Europe.
Detailed Description


825 Third Avenue10th FloorNew York, NY 10022United StatesFounded in 1991



Phone: 212-332-5100

Fax: 212-332-5120

www.sigulerguff.com







Key Executives for Siguler Guff & Company, LP




Mr. Andrew J. Guff


      	Managing Director and Founding Partner
      


Age: 56
        







Mr. George W. Siguler


      	Managing Director, Chief Investment Officer, Founding Principal, and Founding Partner
      


Age: 69
        







Mr. Donald P. Spencer J.D.


      	Managing Director, Founding Partner, and Senior Counsel
      


Age: 62
        







Mr. Jun Isoda


      	Principal & CFO
      








Mr. Kenneth James Burns CPA


      	Managing Director, Partner, and Chief Operating Officer
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Siguler Guff & Company, LP Key Developments

Siguler Guff & Company, LP Presents at Private Equity International’s Investor Relations & Communications Forum, Jun-21-2017 10:45 AM
Jun 19 17
Siguler Guff & Company, LP Presents at Private Equity International’s Investor Relations & Communications Forum, Jun-21-2017 10:45 AM. Venue: New York, United States. Speakers: Kathryn Kantarian, Principal, Director of Investor Relations.


Siguler Guff & Company, LP Presents at 30th annual Marine Money Week conference, Jun-20-2017 11:15 AM
Jun 16 17
Siguler Guff & Company, LP Presents at 30th annual Marine Money Week conference, Jun-20-2017 11:15 AM. Venue: The Pierre Hotel, New York, United States. Speakers: James Gereghty, Managing Director and Head of Distressed Investing.


Siguler Guff & Company, LP Presents at SuperReturn U.S. East, Jun-12-2017 through Jun-15-2017
Jun 9 17
Siguler Guff & Company, LP Presents at SuperReturn U.S. East, Jun-12-2017 through Jun-15-2017. Venue: Renaissance Boston Waterfront Hotel, Boston, United States. Presentation Date & Speakers: Jun-13-2017, Jason Mundt, Managing Director. Jun-14-2017, Ralph Jaeger, Managing Director and Portfolio Manager.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Merger/Acquisition

			      July 26, 2017
			    
Regions Plaza, A 23 Story, Class A Office Tower in Atlanta, Georgia



Merger/Acquisition

			      January 30, 2017
			    
Óticas Carol S.A.





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Siguler Guff & Company, LP, please visit www.sigulerguff.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close



























  PEF3256 Quote - GS Distressed Opportunities Fund IV LP - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  GS Distressed Opportunities Fund IV LP   PEF3256:US      Inactive   PEF3256:US is inactive   USD             Fund Type   Private Equity Fund                  


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Fund Type   Private Equity Fund    Objective   -    Asset Class Focus   Private Equity    Geographic Focus   -    NAV (on -)   -    Total Assets (-) (on -)   -    Inception Date   -    Last Dividend (on -)   -    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -    Fund Managers   -    Front Load Fee   -    Back Load Fee   -    Redemption Fee   -    12b-1 Fee   -    Current Mgmt Fee   -    Expense Ratio   -                     Profile   GS Distressed Opportunities Fund IV LP is a 2008 private equity fund currently harvesting. The Fund makes debt fund of funds investments in various sectors. The Fund makes investments within the United States.    Address  -   Phone  -   Website   www.goldmansachs.com              






Siguler Guff beats target for second distressed real estate fund - PE Hub
























































SUBSCRIBE TO PE HUB WIRE
Join over 60,000 of your peers
Get the must-read email for PE/VC professionals delivered to your inbox daily
        — for free!







US Edition (daily)



Canada Edition (weekly)


We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties.


I accept the Terms and Conditions




SUBSCRIBE YES! No






RegisterSign in



A Community for Professionals in Private Capital



































Siguler Guff beats target for second distressed real estate fund


January 13, 2015
By Chris Witkowsky
 Follow @chriswitkowsky


Print
Email





Share via email


Separate multiple email addresses with commas

Share
Send me a copy



Email preview

To: 
From: 
Subject: Look at this story on PE HUB
Siguler Guff beats target for second distressed real estate fund
Siguler Guff & Company has closed its second distressed real estate fund on $877 million, beating its $750 million target. The Siguler Guff Distressed Real Estate Opportunities Fund II, LP, will focus on U.S. investments as well as an increased focus on distressed commercial real estate opportunities in Europe. Siguler Guff's real estate team is led by James Corl, managing director.
Continue reading on PE HUB
 writes: 



















Siguler Guff & Company has closed its second distressed real estate fund on $877 million, beating its $750 million target. The Siguler Guff Distressed Real Estate Opportunities Fund II, LP, will focus on U.S. investments as well as an increased focus on distressed commercial real estate opportunities in Europe. Siguler Guff’s real estate team is led by James Corl, managing director.
Press Release
Siguler Guff & Company, a multi-strategy private equity investment firm with over $10 billion of assets under management, announced today the final closing of its second distressed real estate fund at $877 million, exceeding its fundraising target of $750 million. The Siguler Guff Distressed Real Estate Opportunities Fund II, LP (“DREOF II”) is the largest U.S. multi-manager real estate fund raised to date, according to data from Preqin.
DREOF II is a successor fund to DREOF I, a $630 million fund launched in 2010. Consistent with Siguler Guff’s investment philosophy of identifying and targeting areas of market inefficiency, DREOF II will focus on specific product silos within the real estate investment universe that the firm believes present the greatest value at a particular time.
Siguler Guff’s real estate investment team has originated and closed on more than $2 billion of real estate commitments since 2009. The team is led by James Corl, Managing Director and head of real estate investments for Siguler Guff, who has over 25 years of real estate investment experience and joined Siguler Guff in 2009. Mr. Corl previously spent 13 years in the REIT investment industry, most recently as Chief Investment Officer for real estate investments at Cohen & Steers, Inc. 





“Beginning six years ago, we set out to design a better value proposition for institutional real estate portfolio construction than the traditional opportunity fund or fund-of-fund models could provide. We have created a program with access to a broader universe of value opportunities at lower fees and with better governance, through greater control and alignment of managers — resulting in enhanced performance and better flow-through of returns to investors,” commented Mr. Corl. “As the opportunity in the current real estate cycle evolves, we continue to execute our value-oriented, cycle-aware and structure-agnostic strategy. We form partnerships with managers who have sell discipline and historical competitive advantages to create a unique mix of fund investments, joint ventures and co-investments on attractive terms.”
Drew Guff, Managing Director and Founding Partner of Siguler Guff, added, “We are pleased to announce the successful fundraise of our second dedicated distressed real estate vehicle. We look forward to continuing to leverage Siguler Guff’s experience as a direct investor and longstanding tenure in the private equity space to source top-tier opportunities for our investors. For DREOF II, in addition to the U.S. market opportunity, we expect to see significant acceleration in the volume of distressed commercial real estate opportunities coming to market in Europe. We are well-positioned to leverage this opportunity with the recent opening of our London office and with Nestor Weigand, Principal and a senior member of the investment team, now based in London.” 





About Siguler Guff:
Siguler Guff is a multi-strategy private equity investment firm which, together with its affiliates, has over $10 billion of assets under management across three lines of business: multi-manager funds, direct investment funds and separate accounts. Founded in 1991 within PaineWebber, Siguler Guff became an independent firm in 1995. Siguler Guff serves approximately 500 institutional clients, including corporate and public employee benefit plans, endowments, foundations, government agencies, and financial institutions, and more than 600 family office and high net worth investors. The firm is headquartered in New York and has offices in Boston, Chicago, Moscow, Shanghai, São Paulo, London and a local affiliate office in Mumbai. To learn more about Siguler Guff, please visit www.sigulerguff.com.

Print
Email





Share via email


Separate multiple email addresses with commas

Share
Send me a copy



Email preview

To: 
From: 
Subject: Look at this story on PE HUB
Siguler Guff beats target for second distressed real estate fund
Siguler Guff & Company has closed its second distressed real estate fund on $877 million, beating its $750 million target. The Siguler Guff Distressed Real Estate Opportunities Fund II, LP, will focus on U.S. investments as well as an increased focus on distressed commercial real estate opportunities in Europe. Siguler Guff's real estate team is led by James Corl, managing director.
Continue reading on PE HUB
 writes: 














DON'T MISS OUT! Meet new and diverse managers in private equity, venture capital and real estate at the third Emerging Manager Connect East at New York City's Harvard Club. CLICK HERE FOR DETAILS!  









Sign up to our Newsletter

Receive updates from our PE HUB Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters:


First Name:



Last Name:



Email Address:




US Edition (daily)



Canada Edition (weekly)


We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties.


I accept the Terms and Conditions









You are now subscribed to the PEHub Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters. 




Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC produces several free newsletters that are sent directly to the email you provide at registration (namely, PE Hub Wire, PE Hub Canada Wire, PE Hub Wire Top Story of the Week, Buyouts Daily, and VCJ Alert). To enable us to keep providing these services free of charge, we reserve the right to contact you with special invitations to sample or purchase private equity-related products. 
By submitting this free subscription request for any of these products, you are also consenting to this communication. Should you ever wish to unsubscribe from a particular communication you may activate the unsubscribe mechanism at the bottom of the email. This will discontinue both the special invitations mentioned previously, as well as your subscription to the weekly newsletter. The information you provide will be safeguarded by Argosy Group LLC/Buyouts Insider. The company’s subsidiaries may use it to keep you informed of relevant products and services. We occasionally allow reputable companies outside of the company to mail details of products which may be of interest to you. As an international group, we may transfer your data on a global basis for the purposes indicated above. 
WE WILL NEVER SHARE YOUR EMAIL OR CONTACT DETAILS WITH ANY OUTSIDE COMPANY HOWEVER.

			    Should you have any questions please do not hesitate to contact us: [email protected].
	    	

 




Top Posts New oil and gas company Native racks up $140 mln
by Iris Dorbian

KKR to buy Nature’s Bounty from Carlyle
by Luisa Beltran

BlackRock leads funding round for fintech platform iCapital
by Iris Dorbian

Platinum Equity to buy United Site Services
by Luisa Beltran

The PE HUB Podcast, Episode Two
by Staff Report

Private Equity Jobs of the Week: Priceline, KPMG, NovaQuest are hiring
by Eamon Murphy

The carve-out curveball
by peHUBlogger Network

Raymond James expands team with new hire
by Iris Dorbian

 
































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









