

Silchester Partners Ltd: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























silchester partners ltd
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Investment Management
Silchester Partners Ltd. operates as a global financial services firm offering investment management services. The Company provides international value equity portfolio management and private commingled long-only funds for pooled investment vehicles.




Corporate Information
Address:

Time & Life Building
1 Bruton Street
London, W1J 6TL
United Kingdom


Phone:
44-20-7518-7100


Fax:
44-20-7491-7495


Web url:
www.silchester.com























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data







































SILCHESTER  |  International equity management


















Silchester International Investors ™







Silchester was formed in 1994 to specialise in international equity investment, primarily on behalf of institutional investors.
 Silchester seeks to earn an attractive long term investment return through investment in quoted international equities. Silchester has one investment program – International Value Equity – and offers this program exclusively through five long-only commingled funds. 






Home
Investment Philosophy
Other
Contact
Origins




Disclaimer | All Rights Reserved| Authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authorityresponsive website by Studio Devon 











Silchester International Investors disclaimer























DISCLAIMER
          Silchester International Investors LLP makes this website available as a source of information about the firm, its people and services. The services described may not be available to, or suitable for you. Nothing on the site constitutes investment advice nor does it represent any offer to provide services to buy or sell securities of any kind. Please contact our client services team for more detailed information concerning the investment management services we provide to clients.
        
No representation or warranty is given as to the accuracy, completeness or current nature of the information on this site. Silchester does not warrant that this website will operate without interruption. The use of this website is at your own risk.
This website and its contents are the property of Silchester International Investors LLP. You may not reproduce, modify or distribute the contents of this website without prior consent from Silchester International Investors LLP. “Silchester International Investors” is a Registered Trademark of Silchester Partners Limited ™. All rights reserved.
Silchester International Investors LLP is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority in the United Kingdom. Silchester International Investors LLP is registered with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. Silchester may only provide investment management services in those states and countries in which it is appropriately registered or otherwise exempt or excluded from registration requirements. Investments managed by Silchester are not insured or guaranteed by any bank, the FDIC or any other government agency. Silchester is a UK limited liability partnership incorporated under the laws of England and Wales
	    (registered number: 0C355490) with its registered address at Time & Life Building, 1 Bruton Street, 5th Floor, London W1J 6TL.
Silchester is subject to the complaint handling requirements of the Financial Conduct Authority's Dispute Resolution Complaints Sourcebook ("DISP"). Under DISP 1.3.1R, Silchester is required to establish effective and transparent procedures for the reasonable and prompt handling of complaints received from eligible complainants. In the event a complaint cannot be rectified Silchester must notify the client of their rights of referral to the Financial Ombudsman Service.
Questions on this document or website should be directed to Timothy Linehan, Head of Operations (tlinehan@silchester.com).






Home
Investment Philosophy
Other
Contact
Origins




Disclaimer | All Rights Reserved | Authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authorityresponsive website by Studio Devon 











Silchester International Investors investment philosophy























We focus on maximising intrinsic value which we define as the earnings, assets and dividends provided by our companies and aggregated within the portfolio. We implement this by a strong price discipline - lower multiples of earnings, assets and dividends means more earnings, assets and dividends at the outset - and by a quality appraisal which seeks to identify companies capable of increasing earnings, assets and dividends by their own efforts. We believe that a successful accumulation of intrinsic value leads to a good investment return. Silchester believes that this approach, a focus on one product, our independence as an investment firm and our commitment to limiting client assets and client numbers are important strengths.






Home
Investment Philosophy
Other
Contact
Origins




Disclaimer | All Rights Reserved | Authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authorityresponsive website by Studio Devon 











Contact information for Silchester International Investors























Please contact us to learn more about the team and our investment process.
      

New York contact
Ms. Farias Parakh
          Silchester International Investors, Inc.
          780 Third Avenue, 42nd Floor
          New York, NY 10017
          USA
 Email: fparakh@silchester.com
Please click here for a location map


London contact
Ms. Lucy Crawford
          Silchester International Investors LLP
          Time & Life Building
          1 Bruton Street
          London, 
          W1J 6TL
 Email:  lucy.crawford@silchester.com
Please click here for a location map


For all regulatory, press and employment related enquiries, please contact Tim Linehan at tlinehan@silchester.com 






Home
Investment Philosophy
Other
Contact
Origins




Disclaimer | All Rights Reserved | Authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authorityresponsive website by Studio Devon 











SILCHESTER  |  Roman origins
















© English Heritage
      





“Behind the legions rose the cities on which Roman civilisation depended: rustic   miniatures of Rome, even in this remote frontier land, with neat   chess-board-pattern streets, forums and temples, porticoed town-halls and   amphitheatres, public baths, aqueducts and drains.  The capital of the   Catuvellauni became Verulamium, or, in modern English, St. Albans; that of the   Atrebates of the Thames valley Calleva Atrebatum or Silchester; that of the   Iceni Venta Icenorum or Caistor-next Norwich; that of the Dumnonii Isca   Dumnonorum or Exeter.  Even the wild Silures of Wales built Venta Silures or   Caerwent and boasted of the little garrison-town of Caerleon with its golden   roofs and towers.  In these minute but elegant tribal capitals traders built   shops, and tribesmen brought their crops and cattle to markets and assembled at   sacred seasons to sacrifice to their local gods”.
- The Story of England ‘Makers of the Realm’ - Arthur   Bryant, Harper Collins






Home
Investment Philosophy
Other
Contact
Origins




Disclaimer | All Rights Reserved | Authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authorityresponsive website by Studio Devon 






























Silchester Partners Ltd: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 21, 2017 12:23 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Silchester Partners Ltd



Snapshot People




Company Overview



Breton Street 1,Time & Life Building 5FLondon,  United Kingdom










Key Executives for Silchester Partners Ltd


Silchester Partners Ltd does not have any Key Executives recorded. 





Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @sipp plc Europe 3i plc Europe A E Taylor Financial Services Limited Europe A-List Equity Research Limited Europe A. Anthony Corporate Limited Europe




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Silchester Partners Ltd, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close
































Silchester International Investors investment philosophy























We focus on maximising intrinsic value which we define as the earnings, assets and dividends provided by our companies and aggregated within the portfolio. We implement this by a strong price discipline - lower multiples of earnings, assets and dividends means more earnings, assets and dividends at the outset - and by a quality appraisal which seeks to identify companies capable of increasing earnings, assets and dividends by their own efforts. We believe that a successful accumulation of intrinsic value leads to a good investment return. Silchester believes that this approach, a focus on one product, our independence as an investment firm and our commitment to limiting client assets and client numbers are important strengths.






Home
Investment Philosophy
Other
Contact
Origins




Disclaimer | All Rights Reserved | Authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authorityresponsive website by Studio Devon 





    Silchester Partners Limited | United Kingdom | DueDil
    Search for a company or director
  Sign InSign InProductTeamsCustomersPlansAboutInternationalBlogHelpTalk to sales 020 3137 8490
    Product
  
    Teams
  
    Customers
  
    Plans
  
    About
  
    Contact DueDil
  
        Silchester Partners Limited
    GB|Active|Recent Credit Rating UpdateReportAdd to ListKey InformationActivityNews & SocialPeopleLocationsDirectorsOwnershipGroupDocumentsFinancialsCredit RiskPeople working at Silchester Partners LimitedDueDilConnectReach the perfect contact at any company. Leverage your team’s network to uncover hidden opportunities.Learn more on our blogFind ConnectionsFind out who works at this company and how you’re connectedFind contacts on LinkedInFind contacts on TwitterFind contacts on Google+
                    Find the decision makers at any company
            
                    Build lists across any market segment, find the relevant contacts and get in touch with ease.
            Make your business more agile and resilient today.View PlansLearn MoreGrow RevenueStreamline OnboardingMinimise RiskImprove Collaboration×










SILCHESTER PARTNERS LTD Institutional Portfolio - NASDAQ.com
























































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search






















Home > 
	Quotes > 
	Ownership & Insider Trades > 
    Institutional Portfolio






SILCHESTER PARTNERS LTD






TIME & LIFE BUILDING, LONDON,  , W1J6TL, (1144207) 518-7100

No Holdings for this institution






Latest News Headlines




                            INGENICO GROUP: Q2 Revenue & Half-Year Results 2017 Conference Call Cancellation
                        



	                    12:11PM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                




                            Nasdaq Welcomes PetIQ, Inc. (Nasdaq: PETQ) to The Nasdaq Stock Market
                        



	                    12:07PM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                




                            Eagle Bancorp Montana Earns $1.1 Million, or $0.27 per Diluted Share, in Second Quarter; Increases 
                        



	                    12:00PM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                




                            GLOBAL MARKETS-Dollar hits year-low, world stocks rally set to end
                        



	                    11:59AM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            UAW talking to GM about impact of car sales slump on U.S. jobs
                        



	                    11:38AM ET  - Reuters
	                





View All Latest Headlines



































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX










































Silchester - Financial Report | Annual Revenue | Stock































































RPC










Private Companies in Financial on PrivCo

































































RPC














Private Companies in Commercial Financial Services on PrivCo

































































RPC



























































Wonderware SI Company Profile
« Return to SI Directory Listing








Silchester Control Systems Ltd.
Founded in 1988, Silchester Control Systems has grown to a strong team of engineers whose past and present experience is used to combine software and hardware solutions to meet clients' requirements.  As a result of our commitment to quality, we have held accreditation since 1995 to BS EN ISO 9001; 1994 and TickIT quality standards (Certificate 13350).  Our services include consultancy, software (both PLC and PC) and hardware design, and project management.  At client's request we offer full documentation compilation, including development of the users requirement specification. We are also 21 CFR part 11 offering validation services to ensure compliance in the Pharmaceutical and Food & Beverage industries. 

Visit Website





SI Product Certifications:


InTouch





Products Expertise:


IndustrialSQL Server
InTouch


InTrack




Trained Employees By Product:


Device Integration: 1
IndustrialSQL Server: 1




Certified Employees By Product:


No information available




References Available (Available upon request)


Yes




Vertical Markets:


Computer Systems Design / Services
Electric Power


Food & Beverage
Pharmaceuticals


Water & Wastewater




Integration Expertise:


Control System Hardware
Control System Software


Instrumentation
Process Controls


SCADA



 



Company Info
5B Mansfield Park, Station Approach
Four Marks, Hampshire GU34 5PZ
UNITED KINGDOM
Total Employees:	10
Engineers: 10
Programmers: 9
Outside Sales: 10
Contact Info
Contact:
Mr Michael Cottle

Email: mcottle@silchester.co.uk
Phone: 44 (0)1420-561902
Fax: 44-(0)1420-561904
 





Wonderware System Integrator: Silchester Control Systems Ltd.












 


