


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 







Find a Financial Advisor | UBS United States









































Find a Financial Advisor









View FINRA BrokerCheck information
				




























  

 







Funds & prices | UBS Australia







































Funds & prices





























  

 







ETFs | UBS Australia









































UBS IQ Exchange Traded Funds
















                        Make your cash work harder
            

                            Make your cash work harder
            


UBS IQ Cash ETF








Find out more


















                        Intelligent research based ETFs
            

                            Intelligent research based ETFs
            











Find out more


















                        Global investments without tobacco
            

                            Global investments without tobacco
            


Simple solutions for investors seeking to exclude tobacco from their investment portfolio








Find out more


















                        Searching for low cost access to local and global markets? 
            

                            Searching for low cost access to local and global markets? 
            


Diversify your portfolio with UBS IQ ETFs








Read more



















Australian Cash ETF




    Australia Cash (MONY)
				












Australian Share ETFs




    Australia Quality (ETF)
				




    Australia Dividend Yield (DIV)
				




    Australia (UBA)
				












Global Share ETFs




    World ex Australia (UBW) 
				




    Europe (UBE)
				




    USA (UBU)
				




    Japan (UBJ)
				




    Asia ex Japan (UBP) 
				

















Subscribe to our newsletter

























  

 







Contact us | UBS Australia









































Contact us









link


General enquiries





Freecall within Australia Tel: 1800 023 043
Overseas callers Tel: +61-2-9324-3222







    Send us a message
				








Direct investors





Freecall within Australia Tel: 1800 023 043  Overseas callers Tel: +61-2-9324-3222







    Send us a message
				








Wholesale investors





Freecall within Australia Tel: 1800 023 043
Overseas callers Tel: +61-2-9324-3222







    Send us a message
				




    Download our National Contact List
				





    Subscribe to complimentary newsletter
				








Institutional investors





Freecall within Australia Tel: 1800 023 043 
Overseas callers Tel: +61-2-9324-3222 







    Send us a message
				





























Quick links







    News
				




    UBS AM Privacy Policy
				




    Facts and figures
				





    Follow UBS Asset Management on LinkedIn
				
































  

 







Market insights | UBS Australia







































Market insights












Current Market Views



Watch and read the latest insights from our investment teams on the markets and the implications for our portfolios.






    Watch the webcasts
				




    View the Market views
				










Australian intelligence



View the latest contributions from our investment teams on the Australian investment landscape






    View the latest contributions
				










Global intelligence



A collection of Economists Insights, Current Perspectives, White Papers and Investment Outlook from UBS






    Read the latest edition
				
































Quick links







    News
				




    UBS AM Privacy Policy
				




    Facts and figures
				





    Follow UBS Asset Management on LinkedIn
				
































  




Silverback Asset Management - Home
















Client Login
Username
Password





















Silverback Asset Management was founded in 2002 by Elliot Bossen, who has over 35 years of investment experience. Mr. Bossen leads a talented investment team, guides the firm's investments, and oversees an experienced business team that leverages a network of strong partnerships within the financial industry.  






Silverback is an alternative investment firm that specializes in convertible securities as it manages arbitrage and relative value strategies for institutional investors. Silverback's expertise spans credit, equity, and volatility markets. Silverback, an SEC registered investment advisor, is based in Chapel Hill, North Carolina.






We pride ourselves on developing creative solutions to meet the needs of institutional investors. If you work for or consult a pension fund, endowment, insurance company, government agency, foundation, sovereign wealth fund, fund of funds, or family office, please contact Silverback to discuss your investment needs.






The content on this website is for information purposes only and does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy either shares or interests in any funds or partnerships, nor should such content be construed as a recommendation of any investment services referenced herein.  An offer or solicitation will be made only by means of a confidential information memorandum and subscription agreement to a particular fund or partnership, only in jurisdictions in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be lawful, and only to accredited investors who meet the suitability and qualification requirements for such fund or partnership.  Investments in hedge funds are speculative, have limited liquidity, and involve a high degree of risk.  There can be no assurance that any hedge fund’s investment objectives will be achieved and investment results may vary substantially over time.  Investments in hedge funds are not intended to be a complete investment program for any investor.  Investments in hedge funds are intended for sophisticated investors who are able to understand the risks involved and can bear the economic risk of loss in their investments.  





Silverback Asset Management - Directions





















Client Login
Username
Password



















Silverback is located in Chapel Hill, North Carolina, part of the Research Triangle, and is easily accessible by the Raleigh-Durham International Airport (RDU). We welcome investor visits to our office, and have put together a downloadable information packet to assist you in your travel planning. You can also explore the links below for additional information.

Map

Click here for Google Maps

Air travel

RDU AirportList of direct flights

Ground travel

RDU Taxi Service Information
RDU Rental Car Information

									Driving Directions:
From RDU Airport and East:
Take I-40 West approximately 13 miles. Take Exit 273A (Hwy 54 West towards Chapel Hill). Go about 2.5 miles and turn left at the 6th traffic light. That is The Exchange at Meadowmont (SunTrust Building). We are in Suite 250, located on the second floor.
From Greensboro and West:
Take I-40 East toward Chapel Hill. Take Exit 273A (Hwy 54 West towards Chapel HIll). Go about 2.5 miles and turn left at the 6th traffic light. That is The Exchange at Meadowmont (SunTrust Building). We are in Suite 250, located on the second floor.
								

Lodging

Closest to Silverback:Courtyard Marriott Chapel HillRizzo Conference Center
Closest to downtown Chapel Hill:Franklin HotelCarolina Inn
Closest to Durham:Washington Duke
Closest to RDU:Hilton Garden InnHyatt Place

Dining

Southern:Crooks Corner
Steak & Seafood:Bin 54
Italian:411 West Italian Café
American:Elaine’s on FranklinCypress on the Hill
Casual:Top of the Hill
Other Options:Click here for more options













 



﻿



Silverback Asset Management - Contact


















Client Login
Username
Password



















Silverback Asset Management is an SEC registered investment adviser that works exclusively with accredited investors. If you are an accredited investor that would like to learn more about Silverback, please fill out the form to the right or call us.


Andrew Chacos, COO
Phone: 919.969.4322
Facsimile: 919.969.9828

1414 Raleigh Road
Suite 250
Chapel Hill, NC 27517

To obtain access to our expanded website, you must register after reading and accepting our terms and conditions and providing certain information to Silverback regarding your suitability. 






First Name


Last Name


Title


Company


Email Address


Phone Number


Street Address



City


State
AL
AK
AZ
AR
CA
CO
CT
DE
DC
FL
GA
HI
ID
IL
IN
IA
KS
KY
LA
ME
MD
MA
MI
MN
MS
MO
MT
NE
NV
NH
NJ
NM
NY
NC
ND
OH
OK
OR
PA
RI
SC
SD
TN
TX
UT
VT
VA
WA
WV
WI
WY





Zip


Country

United States
Afghanistan
Ã…Land Islands
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua And Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia And Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Congo, The Democratic Republic Of The
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Cote D'Ivoire
Croatia
Cuba
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard Island And Mcdonald Islands
Holy See (Vatican City State)
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran, Islamic Republic Of
Iraq
Ireland
Isle Of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Korea, Democratic People'S Republic Of
Korea, Republic Of
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Lao People'S Democratic Republic
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libyan Arab Jamahiriya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macao
Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic Of
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia, Federated States Of
Moldova, Republic Of
Monaco
Mongolia
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestinian Territory, Occupied
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Reunion
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Saint Helena
Saint Kitts And Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Pierre And Miquelon
Saint Vincent And The Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome And Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia And Montenegro
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia And The South Sandwich Islands
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard And Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syrian Arab Republic
Taiwan, Province Of China
Tajikistan
Tanzania, United Republic Of
Thailand
Timor-Leste
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad And Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks And Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Venezuela
Viet Nam
Virgin Islands, British
Virgin Islands, U.S.
Wallis And Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe




 I accept all terms and conditions.













Silverback Asset Management - Careers
















Client Login
Username
Password



















Our people are our most valuable asset. If you are an experienced professional or a student about to graduate and think you can add value to Silverback’s team, please send us your resume and cover letter to .












 






Silverback Asset Management - Terms





















Client Login
Username
Password




















Terms of Use (US Person)

By accessing this web site and any materials presented herein (the “Site”), you accept in their entirety the following terms and conditions pertaining to the use of the Site.  Silverback Asset Management, LLC reserves the right to change the terms, conditions and notices under which this Site is offered without notice at any time.  Each use of the Site constitutes your agreement to be bound by the then-current terms and conditions set forth in these Terms of Use.

Jurisdiction

The information provided on this Site is not intended for distribution to, or use by, any person or entity in any jurisdiction or country where such distribution or use would be contrary to law or regulation or which would subject Silverback Asset Management, LLC (“SAM”) or its affiliates to any registration requirement within such jurisdiction or country.
Ownership and Copyright

This Site is owned by SAM.  Except as specifically permitted below, all content, materials and any software posted to or used in conjunction with this Site or the products and services described herein, including, without limitation, text, graphics, logos, images, code, software, and service mark are the exclusive property of SAM, its affiliates, or the property of its licensors.  SAM reserves, and will enforce to the fullest extent possible, all rights that it may have with respect to copyright and service mark ownership of all material contained in this Site.

SAM grants you a limited, nonexclusive license to display and otherwise use portions of the Site for your personal and non-commercial information purposes only, and to print pages from the Site only in connection with that use.  You may not modify, copy, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, create derivative works from, transfer or sell any text, graphics, logos, images, code, software, information, products or services obtained from this Site.

“Silverback” and "Silverback Asset Management" are registered service marks owned and used by SAM. Neither Silverback nor Silverback Asset Management are to be confused with other companies with similar names and marks.
No Offer of Securities

The content contained on this Site is for information purposes only and does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy either shares or interests in any funds or partnerships nor should such content be construed as a recommendation of any investment services referenced herein.  An offer or solicitation will be made only by means of a confidential information memorandum and subscription agreement to a particular fund, only in jurisdictions in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be lawful, and only to accredited investors who meet the suitability and qualification requirements for such fund or partnership.
Restricted Period

By accessing this Site, you agree not to invest in any of the funds (other than funds in which you or your affiliates are already invested, have already been solicited for or are already actively considering an investment in) for thirty (30) days after the approval of your registration.
Passwords and Unauthorized Access

Portions of this Site are password protected and are accessible only to users who have been issued passwords by the Administrator of the Site.  You are responsible for the confidentiality and use of your password.  You agree to contact us immediately if you believe that an unauthorized person has obtained access to your password.  Although SAM will make reasonable efforts to protect the privacy of users of this Site, no guarantee can be made that unauthorized third parties will not access the information contained herein and SAM has no obligation to notify you that such unauthorized access has taken place.
Privacy Notice

By accessing this Site, you agree that non-public information provided by you may be disclosed to SAM, its affiliates or unaffiliated third parties provided it is (i) authorized by you or (ii) as otherwise required or permitted by law.  In providing non-public information of our clients to unaffiliated third parties, SAM requires such third parties to safeguard the integrity and privacy of our clients by (i) maintaining policies and procedures designed to assure only appropriate access to such information, (ii) limiting the use of such information only as permitted by law or to those who need to know in order to provide the services related thereto, and (iii) maintaining physical, electronic and procedural safeguards that comply with federal standards to guard the information.  Similarly, as a general business practice, SAM limits access to non-public information of our clients to those personnel who need to know such information to conduct SAM’s or its affiliates’ operations.  SAM also maintains physical, electronic and procedural safeguards designed to protect such information from unauthorized access or use.
No Reliance

While SAM uses reasonable efforts to update the information on this Site, SAM makes no representations or warranties as to the accuracy, reliability or completeness of any information at this Site.  Any content at this Site is subject to change without notice.
Materials to be Reviewed in Entirety

You should review all materials at this Site in their entirety, including but not limited to any footnotes, legal disclaimers, restrictions, disclosures, and any copyright or proprietary notices.  Any disclaimers, restrictions or disclosures apply to any partial document or material in the same manner as they do the whole, and will be deemed incorporated in the portion of any material or document that you review or download.
Use of Links and Third Party Information

SAM has not reviewed any of the web sites that may be linked to the Site and makes no representation as to the accuracy of information or opinions of any third party appearing on any linked site. SAM neither regularly monitors nor has control over the contents of such sites, and therefore does not endorse and disclaims all responsibility for the contents on such sites.
No Warranty

SAM, ITS AFFILIATES, AND THEIR OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, AGENTS AND EMPLOYEES MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, REGARDING THE SUITABILITY OR OTHER CHARACTERISTICS OF THE INFORMATION AND MATERIALS CONTAINED ON OR PRESENTED THROUGH THE SITE.  ALL SUCH INFORMATION IS PROVIDED “AS IS”, WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY OF ANY KIND.  SAM FURTHER DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS WITH REGARD TO SUCH INFORMATION AND MATERIALS, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT AND AVAILABILITY.
Limitation of Liability

IN NO EVENT SHALL SAM, ITS AFFILIATES, OR THEIR OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, AGENTS AND EMPLOYEES BE LIABILE FOR ANY CLAIMS, LIABILITIES, LOSSES, COSTS OR DAMAGES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DIRECT OR INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH (I) THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SITE OR WITH ANY DELAY IN USING THE SITE, OR (II) ANY INFORMATION AND MATERIALS OBTAINED THROUGH THE SITE, OR (III) OTHERWISE ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF THE SITE.  SUCH LIMITATIONS APPLY EVEN IF SAM, ITS AFFILIATES, OR ANY OF THEIR OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, AGENTS OR EMPLOYEES HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGES.


Terms of Use (Non US Person)

By accessing this web site and any materials presented herein (the “Site”), you accept in their entirety the following terms and conditions pertaining to the use of the Site.  Silverback Asset Management, LLC reserves the right to change the terms, conditions and notices under which this Site is offered without notice at any time.  Each use of the Site constitutes your agreement to be bound by the then-current terms and conditions set forth in these Terms of Use.

Jurisdiction

The information provided on this Site is not intended for distribution to, or use by, any person or entity in any jurisdiction or country where such distribution or use would be contrary to law or regulation or which would subject Silverback Asset Management, LLC (“SAM”) or its affiliates to any registration requirement within such jurisdiction or country.
Special Provisions for UK users:

The information provided on this Site is only directed to the following persons in the UK:
	
persons having professional experience of participating in unregulated investment schemes falling within article 14 (investment professionals) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Promotion of Collective Investment Schemes) (Exemptions) Order 2001; and 
high net worth companies, unincorporated associations, trustees of a high value trust etc. falling within article 22 of the order.


Ownership and Copyright

This Site is owned by SAM.  Except as specifically permitted below, all content, materials and any software posted to or used in conjunction with this Site or the products and services described herein, including, without limitation, text, graphics, logos, images, code, software, and service mark are the exclusive property of SAM, its affiliates, or the property of its licensors.  SAM reserves, and will enforce to the fullest extent possible, all rights that it may have with respect to copyright and service mark ownership of all material contained in this Site.  

SAM grants you a limited, nonexclusive license to display and otherwise use portions of the Site for your personal and non-commercial information purposes only, and to print pages from the Site only in connection with that use.  You may not modify, copy, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, create derivative works from, transfer or sell any text, graphics, logos, images, code, software, information, products or services obtained from this Site.  

“Silverback” and "Silverback Asset Management" are registered service marks owned and used by SAM. Neither Silverback nor Silverback Asset Management are to be confused with other companies with similar names and marks.
No Offer of Securities

The content contained on this Site is for information purposes only and does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy either shares or interests in any  funds or partnerships nor should such content be construed as a recommendation of any investment services referenced herein.  An offer or solicitation will be made only by means of a confidential information memorandum and subscription agreement to a particular fund, only in jurisdictions in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be lawful, and only to accredited investors who meet the suitability and qualification requirements for such fund or partnership.
Restricted Period

By accessing this Site, you agree not to invest in any of the funds (other than funds in which you or your affiliates are already invested, have already been solicited for or are already actively considering an investment in) for thirty (30) days after the approval of your registration.
Passwords and Unauthorized Access

Portions of this Site are password protected and are accessible only to users who have been issued passwords by the Administrator of the Site.  You are responsible for the confidentiality and use of your password.  You agree to contact us immediately if you believe that an unauthorized person has obtained access to your password.  Although SAM will make reasonable efforts to protect the privacy of users of this Site, no guarantee can be made that unauthorized third parties will not access the information contained herein and SAM has no obligation to notify you that such unauthorized access has taken place.  
Privacy Notice

By accessing this Site, you agree that non-public information provided by you may be disclosed to SAM, its affiliates or unaffiliated third parties provided it is (i) authorized by you or (ii) as otherwise required or permitted by law.  In providing non-public information of our clients to unaffiliated third parties, SAM requires such third parties to safeguard the integrity and privacy of our clients by (i) maintaining policies and procedures designed to assure only appropriate access to such information, (ii) limiting the use of such information only as permitted by law or to those who need to know in order to provide the services related thereto, and (iii) maintaining physical, electronic and procedural safeguards that comply with federal standards to guard the information.  Similarly, as a general business practice, SAM limits access to non-public information of our clients to those personnel who need to know such information to conduct SAM’s or its affiliates’ operations.  SAM also maintains physical, electronic and procedural safeguards designed to protect such information from unauthorized access or use.
No Reliance

While SAM uses reasonable efforts to update the information on this Site, SAM makes no representations or warranties as to the accuracy, reliability or completeness of any information at this Site.  Any content at this Site is subject to change without notice.
Materials to be Reviewed in Entirety

You should review all materials at this Site in their entirety, including but not limited to any footnotes, legal disclaimers, restrictions, disclosures, and any copyright or proprietary notices.  Any disclaimers, restrictions or disclosures apply to any partial document or material in the same manner as they do the whole, and will be deemed incorporated in the portion of any material or document that you review or download.
Use of Links and Third Party Information

SAM has not reviewed any of the web sites that may be linked to the Site and makes no representation as to the accuracy of information or opinions of any third party appearing on any linked site. SAM neither regularly monitors nor has control over the contents of such sites, and therefore does not endorse and disclaims all responsibility for the contents on such sites.
No Warranty

SAM, ITS AFFILIATES, AND THEIR OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, AGENTS AND EMPLOYEES MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, REGARDING THE SUITABILITY OR OTHER CHARACTERISTICS OF THE INFORMATION AND MATERIALS CONTAINED ON OR PRESENTED THROUGH THE SITE.  ALL SUCH INFORMATION IS PROVIDED “AS IS”, WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY OF ANY KIND.  SAM FURTHER DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS WITH REGARD TO SUCH INFORMATION AND MATERIALS, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT AND AVAILABILITY.
Limitation of Liability

IN NO EVENT SHALL SAM, ITS AFFILIATES, OR THEIR OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, AGENTS AND EMPLOYEES BE LIABILE FOR ANY CLAIMS, LIABILITIES, LOSSES, COSTS OR DAMAGES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DIRECT OR INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH (I) THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SITE OR WITH ANY DELAY IN USING THE SITE, OR (II) ANY INFORMATION AND MATERIALS OBTAINED THROUGH THE SITE, OR (III) OTHERWISE ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF THE SITE.  SUCH LIMITATIONS APPLY EVEN IF SAM, ITS AFFILIATES, OR ANY OF THEIR OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, AGENTS OR EMPLOYEES HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGES.


Definitions

Under the Securities Act of 1933, a company that offers or sells its securities must register the securities with the SEC or find an exemption from the registration requirements. The Act provides companies with a number of exemptions. For some of the exemptions, such as rules 505 and 506 ofRegulation D, a company may sell its securities to what are known as "accredited investors."
The federal securities laws define the term accredited investor in Rule 501 of Regulation D as:

a bank, insurance company, registered investment company, business development company, or small business investment company;
an employee benefit plan, within the meaning of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act, if a bank, insurance company, or registered investment adviser makes the investment decisions, or if the plan has total assets in excess of $5 million;
a charitable organization, corporation, or partnership with assets exceeding $5 million;
a director, executive officer, or general partner of the company selling the securities;
a business in which all the equity owners are accredited investors;
a natural person who has individual net worth, or joint net worth with the person’s spouse, that exceeds $1 million at the time of the purchase (excluding the value of such natural person’s primary residence);
a natural person with income exceeding $200,000 in each of the two most recent years or joint income with a spouse exceeding $300,000 for those years and a reasonable expectation of the same income level in the current year; or
a trust with assets in excess of $5 million, not formed to acquire the securities offered, whose purchases a sophisticated person makes.













 








BBB Business Profile | Silverback Asset Management, LLC | Accreditation

























Home
 > 
Business Directory
 > 
Financial Services
 > 
Silverback Asset Management, LLC














This Business Is Not BBB Accredited



                            Is this your business? 
                                Claim it now.








Silverback Asset Management, LLC



Submit a Review

































Silverback Asset Management, LLC






            Business Information
        






(919) 969-9300

Silverback Asset Management, LLC
15 years in business

        1414 Raleigh Rd Ste 250
        Chapel Hill, NC 27517-8834
    




                 WEBSITE
            





                    Additional Phone Numbers
                


                            (919) 969-1110
                        





See Less Contact Options
See More Contact Options





Find a Location






                BBB File Opened: 04/20/2007
            

                Business Started: 04/18/2002


                Business Incorporated: 04/18/2002 in DE





            Type of Entity
             
            Limited Liability Company       
    




            Contact Information
        


                    Principal: Mr. Andrew Chacos, COO
                





            Business Category
        


                Financial Services
            











                    Number of Employees: 
                
                13
            



See Less Business Information
See More Business Information


 







BBB Accreditation





                This Business Is Not BBB Accredited
            

                
                Businesses are under no obligation to seek BBB accreditation, and some businesses are not accredited because they have not sought BBB accreditation.
            

                To be accredited by BBB, a business must apply for accreditation and BBB must determine that the business meets
                BBB accreditation standards, which include a commitment to make a good faith effort to resolve any consumer complaints. BBB Accredited Businesses must pay a fee for accreditation review/monitoring and for support of BBB services to the public.
            








Standards of BBB Accreditation






Build Trust









            Establish and maintain a positive track record in the marketplace.
        

           An accredited business or organization agrees to:

                   1. Have been operational (actively selling products or services) in any BBB service area for at least the most recent 6 months, unless the principle(s) previously operated a similar business with an eligible record (one that qualifies for BBB accreditation).
                

                   1. Fulfill contracts signed and agreements reached.
                

                   3. Be free from government action that demonstrates a significant failure to support BBB ethical principles in marketplace transactions (this requires a determination by BBB as to the nature of any violation, whether it was caused or condoned by management, and actions taken to resolve underlying issues that led to the government action).
                
4. Be free of an unsatisfactory rating and maintain at least a B rating at the accrediting BBB and the BBB where it is headquartered, if different.

                   5. In its relationship with BBB: 
1. meet all applicable standards within this Code of Business Practices

                            2. cooperate with BBB's activities and efforts to promote voluntary self- regulation within the business' industry
                        
3. honor any settlements, agreements or decisions reached as an outcome of a BBB dispute resolution process

                            4. complete the required application and pay all monetary obligations to BBB in a timely manner
                        









Advertise Honestly









            Adhere to established standards of advertising and selling.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Follow federal, state/provincial and local advertising laws.
                

                    2. Abide by the BBB Code of Advertising. Supply, upon request, substantiation for advertising and selling claims. Correct advertising and selling practices, when recommended by BBB.
                
3. Adhere to applicable BBB industry codes of advertising.
4. Cooperate with BBB self-regulatory programs for the resolution of advertising disputes.
5. Use the BBB name and logos in accordance with BBB policy.

                    6. Avoid misleading customers by creating the false impression of sponsorship, endorsement, popularity, trustworthiness, product quality or business size through the misuse of logos, trustmarks, pictures, testimonials, or other means
                







Tell the Truth









            Honestly represent products and services, including clear and adequate disclosures of all material terms.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Make known all material facts in both written and verbal representations, remembering that misrepresentation may result not only from direct statements but by omitting or obscuring relevant facts.
                

                    2. Ensure that any written materials are readily available, clear, accurate and complete.
                







Be Transparent









            Openly identify the nature, location, and ownership of the business, and clearly disclose all policies, guarantees and procedures that bear on a customer's decision to buy.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Upon request, provide BBB with all information required to evaluate compliance with BBB standards. This may include, but is not limited to business name, address and contact information; names and background of principles; business and banking references; licensing and/or professional accreditation; and a complete description of the nature of the business.
                

                    2. Clearly disclose to customers:

                    
1. direct and effective means to contact the business
2. terms of any written contract
3. any guarantees or warranties accompanying a product

                            4. any restrictions or limitations imposed (e.g. limited supply,maximum number available per customer)
                        
5. the business' return/refund policy

                            6. any recurring commitment into which the customer may be entering, including information on how future billing will occur
                        
7. total cost of the transaction, including tax, shipping and handling, and other related charges



                    3. If selling products or providing services on Web sites or via other electronic means: 
1. provide any required product labeling information

                            2. disclose the nature and terms of shipping, including any known delays or shortages of stock
                        
3. provide an opportunity to review and confirm the transaction before the sale is completed

                            4. provide a receipt summarizing the transaction after the purchase
                        









Honor Promises









            Abide by all written agreements and verbal representations.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 
1. Fulfill contracts signed and agreements reached. 2. Honor representations by correcting mistakes as quickly as possible.







Be Responsive









            Address marketplace disputes quickly, professionally, and in good faith.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Promptly respond to all complaints forwarded by BBB by: 
1. Resolving the complaint directly with the complainant and notifying BBB, or

                            2. Providing BBB with a response that BBB determines: 

                                    1. is professional,
                                
2. addresses all of the issues raised by the complainant,
3. includes appropriate evidence and documents supporting the business' position, and

                                    4. explains why any relief sought by the complainant cannot or should not be granted.
                                





                    2. Make a good faith effort to resolve disputes, which includes mediation if requested by BBB. Other dispute resolution options, including arbitration, may be recommended by BBB when other efforts to resolve a dispute have failed. BBB may consider a business' willingness to participate in recommended dispute resolution options in determining compliance with these standards.
                

                    3. Comply with any settlements, agreements or decisions reached as an outcome of a BBB dispute resolution process.
                

                    4. Cooperate with BBB in efforts to eliminate the underlying cause of patterns of customer complaints that are identified by BBB.
                







Safeguard Privacy









            Protect any data collected against mishandling and fraud, collect personal information only as needed, and respect the preferences of customers regarding the use of their information.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Respect Privacy Businesses conducting e-commerce agree to disclose on their Web site the following: 
1. what information they collect,
2. with whom it is shared,
3. how it can be corrected,
4. how it is secured,

                            5. how policy changes will be communicated, and;
                        
6. how to address concerns over misuse of personal data.



                    2. Secure Sensitive Data Businesses that collect sensitive data online (credit card, bank account numbers, Social Security number, salary or other personal financial information, medical history or records, etc.) will ensure that it is transmitted via secure means.Businesses will make best efforts to comply with industry standards for the protection and proper disposal of all sensitive data, both online and offline.
                    
                

                    3. Honor Customer Preferences

                     Businesses agree to respect customer preferences regarding contact by telephone, fax and e-mail, and agree to remedy the underlying cause of any failure to do so.
                







Embody Integrity









            Approach all business dealings, marketplace transactions and commitments with integrity.
            
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to:
            
1. Avoid involvement, by the business or its principles, in activities that reflect unfavorably on, or otherwise adversely affect the public image of BBB or its accredited businesses.












BBB Accreditation Reviews

BBB routinely monitors its files on all Accredited Businesses to affirm that they continue to meet all BBB Accreditation Standards











BBB Accreditation Process


        Not every business is eligible for BBB Accreditation. Businesses must meet, commit to and maintain the
        BBB Code of Business Practices (Accreditation Standards) 
        in order to be eligible for and maintain BBB Accreditation. The BBB Code of Business Practices represents sound advertising, selling and customer
        service practices that enhance customer trust and confidence in business. The Code is built on the BBB Standards for Trust, eight principles that
        summarize important elements of creating and maintaining trust in business.
    

        In order to be eligible for Accreditation a business must complete an Accreditation application.        
    

        Upon receipt of a fully completed BBB Application for Accreditation, BBB staff:        
        
Reviews the application
Researches the business
Verifies the information presented in the application 
May request additional information
May request proof of specific information on the application

        After the review and verification process, BBB will then evaluate if the business meets the
        BBB Code of Business Practices (Accreditation Standards)..
    
    
        Once BBB has finished its evaluation, the application for BBB Accreditation is either approved or denied. If the applicant is found in compliance with the BBB Code of Business Practices it will be presented to the BBB Board of Directors, or a committee of that board, for final approval. If the application is denied, BBB will contact the applicant, indicating the BBB Standard(s) that were not met and any recourse available to the applicant.        
    
















Silverback Asset Management, LLC






            BBB Rating Scorecard
        






This Business Is Not BBB Accredited  

                Silverback Asset Management, LLC
            










A+




BBB Rating System Overview














Customer Review Rating:









                        The BBB Customer Review Rating represents the customer's opinion of the business.
                        The Customer Review Rating percentages are based on the total number of positive,
                        neutral, and negative reviews posted.
                    


                        There are NO reviews for this business.Be the first to leave a review!
                    



                        This business has no complaints filed
                    

















Share your experience


Submit a Review


Submit a Complaint












Share




Print






































































×
Claim Your Business


                By claiming your Business Profile, businesses can add custom text or descriptive information about their services, insert company logos, and add photographs for consumers to view.
            

Close










×
AccreditedQuestionModal title


                content
            

Close










×
Customer Rating Modal title


                content
            

Close










×
Score Modal title


                content
            

Close











×
Find a Location







Filter







Close




 





































 

















BBB of Eastern North Carolina



























 For full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable JavaScript.
 Here are the 
 instructions how to enable JavaScript in your web browser.
     











News




07/18/17


BBB Issues Warning About Local Produce Delivery Company



07/10/17


BBB Offers Tips for Finding the Perfect Summer or Track Out Camp for Kids



06/27/17


BBB: Be Aware of Online Dangers for Children



06/20/17


BBB: Popular Online Sales Scam Pops Up in Eastern NC



 More Local News »





                        FIND ACCREDITED BUSINESSES NOW.
                    












File a Complaint
GO NOW »







Auto Warranty Concerns?
FILE A CLAIM »







 LOCAL SPONSORS








Lane Plumbing







A+ Tree & Crane Services, Inc.







North Carolina Exteriors







Otto's Exteriors



























































































BBB Search Database of Businesses, Charities, & News Items

















 For full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable JavaScript.
 Here are the 
 instructions how to enable JavaScript in your web browser.
     











No results found.   Ask BBB to develop a report on this business by clicking here.


BBB Search Tips
Use BBB's search bar above to check out businesses and charities from our comprehensive database of BBB Business Profiles. Enter any of the following into the search box:

Business or Charity Name
Website URL
Phone Number
Email Address

Or, select from the categories in the drop-list to search by Type of Business or Type of Charity.
Want to know more about our rating system? Find out more here. 
Need more info?  Try the search FAQs.






















































BBB Search Database of Businesses, Charities, & News Items

















 For full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable JavaScript.
 Here are the 
 instructions how to enable JavaScript in your web browser.
     











No results found.   Ask BBB to develop a report on this business by clicking here.


BBB Search Tips
Use BBB's search bar above to check out businesses and charities from our comprehensive database of BBB Business Profiles. Enter any of the following into the search box:

Business or Charity Name
Website URL
Phone Number
Email Address

Or, select from the categories in the drop-list to search by Type of Business or Type of Charity.
Want to know more about our rating system? Find out more here. 
Need more info?  Try the search FAQs.













































Silverback Asset Management Llc Company Profile | Financial Information, Competitors and ExecutivesCATEGORIESCITIESSign InFind Companies > Silverback Asset Management LlcThis is a community generated profile and may be incomplete.SUGGEST EDITSSSilverback Asset Management LlcLocationChapel Hill, NCRevenue$3mTotal Funding$–Founded2002Employees40StageprivateCompany Websitewww.silverbackasset.com/LinkedIn–Silverback Asset Management was founded in 2002 by Elliot Bossen, who has over
29 years of investment experience. Mr. Bossen leads a talented investment team,
guides the firm's investments, and oversees an experienced business team that
leverages a network of strong partnerships within the financial industry.
Silverback is an alternative investment firm that specializes in convertible
securities as it manages arbitrage and relative value strategies for
institutional investors. Silverback's...  read more expertise spans credit, equity, and
volatility markets. Silverback, an SEC registered investment advisor, is based
in Chapel Hill, North Carolina. We pride ourselves on developing creative
solutions to meet the needs of institutional investors. If you work for or
consult a pension fund, endowment, insurance company, government agency,
foundation, sovereign wealth fund, fund of funds, or family office, please
contact Silverback to discuss your investment needs. The content on this website
is for information purposes only and does not constitute an offer to sell or the
solicitation of an offer to buy either shares or interests in any funds or
partnerships, nor should such content be construed as a recommendation of any
investment services referenced herein. An offer or solicitation will be made
only by means of a confidential information memorandum and subscription
agreement to a particular fund or partnership, only in jurisdictions in which
such an offer, solicitation or sale would be lawful, and only to accredited
investors who meet the suitability and qualification requirements for such fund
or partnership. Investments in hedge funds are speculative, have limited
liquidity, and involve a high degree of risk. There can be no assurance that any
hedge fund's investment objectives will be achieved and investment results may
vary substantially over time. Investments in hedge funds are not intended to be
a complete investment program for any investor. Investments in hedge funds are
intended for sophisticated investors who are able to understand the risks
involved and can bear the economic risk of loss in their investmentsKeywordsarbitrage,asset management,award winning,best hedge fund,chapel hillRecent News from Silverback Asset Management LlcStart trial to view recent news about Silverback Asset Management Llc.Request trialBusiness Data in your WorkflowSave time and work smarter with fresh data on companies, leads, and contactsLearn about DataFox APIs and Data324 5th Street 
San Francisco, CA 94107 (415) 969-2144info@datafox.comLinkedInTwitterDataFoxProductWho Benefits?CustomersCompanyBlogLearn MoreAccount-based MarketingSales Prospecting TipsSales Operations StrategyFastest-Growing Tech Companies By RegionTourSalesforce IntegrationSlack IntegrationChrome ExtensionDataFox APISupportEmail UsHelp CenterPrivacy PolicyTerms of Service

Silverback Asset Management LLC                                                                                          - Chapel Hill                                       , NC         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



NC



Chapel Hill



Holding Companies, Nec



Investment Holding Companies, Except Banks



                            Silverback Asset Management LLC
                                    



 





















S 


Silverback Asset Management LLC                                                                                         
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



1414 RALEIGH RD STE 250 CHAPEL HILL, NC 27517
Get Directions



(919) 969-9300
www.silverbackasset.com                                                                                 





Business Info



 Founded 2002
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $700,000.00
 Employee Count 5
 Industries Investment Holding Companies, Except Banks
 Contacts Elliot Bossen                                                                                                           







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2002 the company has been providing Investment Holding Companies, Except Banks. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







S

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.



















Silverback Asset Management LLC - Relationship Science



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Silverback Asset Management LLC



Overview
In The News Executives & Employees Paths
Holdings & Top Positions



Silverback Asset Management LLC



 OVERVIEW



Date Founded


2002




Headquarters


1414 Raleigh Road Suite 250 Chapel Hill Nc United States 27517




Employees (Worldwide)


17




Industries


Hedge Funds

Investment Services & Portfolio Management




Company Description


Silverback Asset Management manages funds that that employ a convertible arbitrage strategy and funds that invest primarily in “litigation finance” companies. The firm's convertible arbitrage strategy seeks to capture returns from investments in credit, equity, volatility, and event-driven opportunities; but also may make investments in related strategies, including capital structure arbitrage and equity volatility arbitrage. Silverback actively manages exposures to equity, credit, volatility and interest rates, and may mitigate these risks via hedges where appropriate. To implement hedges and hedging strategies,the the firm engages in short selling and options trading and may utilize derivatives (e.g. credit default swaps), interest rate swaps, and futures and forward contracts. Silverback serves as investment manager to two private funds formed as partnerships which invest primarily in an emerging industry known as “litigation finance.\"\" The strategy focuses on privately-negotiated investments in loans and private securities (specifically, asset-based high yield debt and equity); investments involving non-traditional and emerging asset financing techniques implemented through the combination of various privately negotiated investment agreements and vehicles; and investments in a non-diversified portfolio of illiquid and hard-to-value assets. The funds may employ the use of leverage.




Website


http://www.silverbackasset.com






 In The News
          See more




PR Newswire
February 11, 2013





                        DeMontrond RV Announces Expanded Line of Used Fifth Wheel Trailers.                    





PR Newswire
February 11, 2013





                        DeMontrond RV Announces Expanded Line of Used Fifth Wheel Trailers                    






 Executives & Employees



Elliot Glen Bossen

Founder & President




Andrew B. Chacos

Chief Operating Officer





Laura Anne Kleber

Chief Compliance Officer




Daniel Magid

Portfolio Manager





Kurt Euler

Analyst




Michael Barone

Credit Analyst







See our list of current and previous employees when you upgrade.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Paths to Silverback Asset Management LLC



                        Silverback Asset Management LLC                    




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Silverback Asset Management LLC






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Silverback Asset Management LLC.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Holdings & Top Positions






Restricted data only for RelSci Professional users.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 



You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.















Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤















Silverback Asset Management 1414 Raleigh Rd Chapel Hill, NC Business Management Consultants - MapQuest







































































































    Silverback Asset Management
  

1414 Raleigh Rd

Chapel Hill
NC
27517




 Reviews



(919) 969-9300
Website

        Menu & Reservations
      



            Make Reservations 




            Order Online
          

            Tickets
          




          Tickets
        


        See Availability
      





      Nearby
    


      Directions
    


    {{::location.tagLine.value.text}}
  



Sponsored Topics








































See a problem?
Let us know!


  
  
            Silverback Asset Management, LLC is an alternative investment firm that specializes in managing arbitrage and relative value strategies for institutional investors. Silverback's expertise spans U.S. credit, equity, and volatility markets. Strategies employed include convertible arbitrage, capital structure arbitrage and equity volatility arbitrage. Silverback was founded in 2002 by Elliot Bossen, who continues to lead the firm. Mr. Bossen has over 28 years of investment experience and has developed a talented investment team. Silverback enjoys a solid business foundation made up of top prime brokers, auditors, administrators, and its strategic partner Investcorp.
          






















Legal






Help























Silverback Asset Management, LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 22, 2017 1:41 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Silverback Asset Management, LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Silverback Asset Management, LLC is an employee owned hedge fund sponsor. The firm provides its services to pooled investment vehicles and institutional investors. It invests in public equity, fixed income, and alternative investment markets of the United States. The firm employs convertible arbitrage, capital structure arbitrage, and equity volatility arbitrage strategies to make investments. Silverback Asset Management was founded in 2002 and is based in Chapel Hill, North Carolina.


1414 Raleigh RoadSuite 250Chapel Hill, NC 27517United StatesFounded in 2002



Phone: 919-969-9300

Fax: 919-969-9828

www.silverbackasset.com







Key Executives for Silverback Asset Management, LLC




Mr. Andrew Bedell Chacos


      	Chief Operating Officer
      








Mr. Elliot Glen Bossen


      	Founder, Chief Investment Officer, Managing Member, and Portfolio Manager
      








Mr. Holland West


      	General Counsel
      








Mr. Kevin Michael Kohles


      	Chief Compliance Officer
      








Mr. Jason Ham






Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Silverback Asset Management, LLC Key Developments

Silverback Asset Management, LLC Presents at Alternative Investments Conference, Mar-30-2017 01:30 PM
Mar 14 17
Silverback Asset Management, LLC Presents at Alternative Investments Conference, Mar-30-2017 01:30 PM. Venue: The Carolina Inn, Chapel Hill, NC, United States. Speakers: Tom Loughrey, Analyst.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Silverback Asset Management, LLC, please visit www.silverbackasset.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.







Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 







Find a Financial Advisor | UBS United States









































Find a Financial Advisor









View FINRA BrokerCheck information
				




























  

 







Funds & prices | UBS Australia







































Funds & prices





























  

 







Contact us | UBS Australia









































Contact us









link


General enquiries





Freecall within Australia Tel: 1800 023 043
Overseas callers Tel: +61-2-9324-3222







    Send us a message
				








Direct investors





Freecall within Australia Tel: 1800 023 043  Overseas callers Tel: +61-2-9324-3222







    Send us a message
				








Wholesale investors





Freecall within Australia Tel: 1800 023 043
Overseas callers Tel: +61-2-9324-3222







    Send us a message
				




    Download our National Contact List
				





    Subscribe to complimentary newsletter
				








Institutional investors





Freecall within Australia Tel: 1800 023 043 
Overseas callers Tel: +61-2-9324-3222 







    Send us a message
				





























Quick links







    News
				




    UBS AM Privacy Policy
				




    Facts and figures
				





    Follow UBS Asset Management on LinkedIn
				
































  

 







ETFs | UBS Australia









































UBS IQ Exchange Traded Funds
















                        Make your cash work harder
            

                            Make your cash work harder
            


UBS IQ Cash ETF








Find out more


















                        Intelligent research based ETFs
            

                            Intelligent research based ETFs
            











Find out more


















                        Global investments without tobacco
            

                            Global investments without tobacco
            


Simple solutions for investors seeking to exclude tobacco from their investment portfolio








Find out more


















                        Searching for low cost access to local and global markets? 
            

                            Searching for low cost access to local and global markets? 
            


Diversify your portfolio with UBS IQ ETFs








Read more



















Australian Cash ETF




    Australia Cash (MONY)
				












Australian Share ETFs




    Australia Quality (ETF)
				




    Australia Dividend Yield (DIV)
				




    Australia (UBA)
				












Global Share ETFs




    World ex Australia (UBW) 
				




    Europe (UBE)
				




    USA (UBU)
				




    Japan (UBJ)
				




    Asia ex Japan (UBP) 
				

















Subscribe to our newsletter

























  

 







Market insights | UBS Australia







































Market insights












Current Market Views



Watch and read the latest insights from our investment teams on the markets and the implications for our portfolios.






    Watch the webcasts
				




    View the Market views
				










Australian intelligence



View the latest contributions from our investment teams on the Australian investment landscape






    View the latest contributions
				










Global intelligence



A collection of Economists Insights, Current Perspectives, White Papers and Investment Outlook from UBS






    Read the latest edition
				
































Quick links







    News
				




    UBS AM Privacy Policy
				




    Facts and figures
				





    Follow UBS Asset Management on LinkedIn
				
































  




Silverback Asset Management - Home
















Client Login
Username
Password





















Silverback Asset Management was founded in 2002 by Elliot Bossen, who has over 35 years of investment experience. Mr. Bossen leads a talented investment team, guides the firm's investments, and oversees an experienced business team that leverages a network of strong partnerships within the financial industry.  






Silverback is an alternative investment firm that specializes in convertible securities as it manages arbitrage and relative value strategies for institutional investors. Silverback's expertise spans credit, equity, and volatility markets. Silverback, an SEC registered investment advisor, is based in Chapel Hill, North Carolina.






We pride ourselves on developing creative solutions to meet the needs of institutional investors. If you work for or consult a pension fund, endowment, insurance company, government agency, foundation, sovereign wealth fund, fund of funds, or family office, please contact Silverback to discuss your investment needs.






The content on this website is for information purposes only and does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy either shares or interests in any funds or partnerships, nor should such content be construed as a recommendation of any investment services referenced herein.  An offer or solicitation will be made only by means of a confidential information memorandum and subscription agreement to a particular fund or partnership, only in jurisdictions in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be lawful, and only to accredited investors who meet the suitability and qualification requirements for such fund or partnership.  Investments in hedge funds are speculative, have limited liquidity, and involve a high degree of risk.  There can be no assurance that any hedge fund’s investment objectives will be achieved and investment results may vary substantially over time.  Investments in hedge funds are not intended to be a complete investment program for any investor.  Investments in hedge funds are intended for sophisticated investors who are able to understand the risks involved and can bear the economic risk of loss in their investments.  


 























































Silverback Asset Management - 1414 Raleigh Rd, Chapel Hill, NC - Phone Number - Yelp

  





















                        Skip to Search Form
                    texdzfeqydevvzqfr



                        Skip to Navigation
                    



                        Skip to Page Content
                    








Yelp











Find












Near
















                            Cancel
    









Search




































                    Sign Up
    



            Log In
        

























                            Login
    



                            Sign Up
    










About Me
            
















Talk
            




































            Restaurants

        











            Nightlife

        











            Home Services

        








            Write a Review

        






            Events

        






            Talk

        







            Log In
        











 











1414 Raleigh RdChapel Hill, NC 27517


        (919) 969-9300
    






            Silverback Asset Management
        






Unclaimed
        


This business has not yet been claimed by the owner or a representative.
Claim this business to view business statistics, receive messages from prospective customers, and respond to reviews.









        Add
        , Opens a popup

Add categories













Write a Review
    







            Add Photo
    






Share
, Opens a popup







Bookmark
, Opens a popup





















Get directions













































Swap start/end points
Start from












Start from
Swap start/end points











Silverback Asset Management


        1414 Raleigh Rd, Chapel Hill, NC 27517
    




Get directions


























Edit




        1414 Raleigh RdChapel Hill, NC 27517
    










Get Directions








Phone number

        (919) 969-9300
    






 
Business website
silverbackasset.com









Send to your Phone











Is this your business?
Respond to reviews and customer messages.Claiming is free, and only takes a minute.
Claim This Business

























Ask the Community


                Yelp users haven’t asked any questions yet about Silverback Asset Management.
            
Ask a Question













Rating



1 (Eek! Methinks not.)



2 (Meh. I've experienced better.)



3 (A-OK.)



4 (Yay! I'm a fan.)



5 (Woohoo! As good as it gets!)






                    Hey there trendsetter! You could be the first review for Silverback Asset Management.
                





Is this your business?






Once you’ve claimed, you can:

Immediately update business information
Respond to reviews and customer messages
See the customer leads your business page generates
Monitor how many people view your business page

Claim This Business









Business info summary











Edit business info








            Hours
        





Add business hours
    


Browse nearby








Restaurants









Nightlife









Shopping









Show all











Rating Details





                    5 stars
                





0






                    4 stars
                





0






                    3 stars
                





0






                    2 stars
                





0






                    1 star
                





0





We calculate the overall star rating using only reviews that our automated software currently recommends. Learn more.




Text to Phone












                    Oops, looks like something’s wrong. Try again!
                


×














                    Are you a human? Please complete the bot challenge below.
                


×














Sent! Check your phone to view the link now!
                


×


















Silverback Asset Management



Chapel Hill, NC




Text a link to your phone so you can quickly get directions, see photos, and read reviews on the go!





+1






















Text Link


                            Your carrier’s rates may apply
                        

















About


About Yelp


Order Food on Eat24


Careers


Press


Investor Relations


Content Guidelines


Terms of Service


Privacy Policy


Ad Choices






Discover


The Local Yelp


Yelp Blog


Support


Yelp Mobile


Developers


RSS






Yelp for Business Owners


Claim your Business Page


Advertise on Yelp


Online Ordering from Eat24


Yelp Reservations


Business Success Stories


Business Support


Yelp Blog for Business Owners







Languages


















                Bahasa Malaysia (Malaysia)
        







                Čeština (Česká republika)
        







                Dansk (Danmark)
        







                Deutsch (Deutschland)
        





                Deutsch (Schweiz)
        





                Deutsch (Österreich)
        







                English (Australia)
        





                English (Belgium)
        





                English (Canada)
        





                English (Hong Kong)
        





                English (Malaysia)
        





                English (New Zealand)
        





                English (Philippines)
        





                English (Republic of Ireland)
        





                English (Singapore)
        





                English (Switzerland)
        





                English (United Kingdom)
        





                English (United States)
        







                Español (Argentina)
        





                Español (Chile)
        





                Español (España)
        





                Español (México)
        







                Filipino (Pilipinas)
        







                Français (Belgique)
        





                Français (Canada)
        





                Français (France)
        





                Français (Suisse)
        







                Italiano (Italia)
        





                Italiano (Svizzera)
        







                Nederlands (België)
        





                Nederlands (Nederland)
        







                Norsk (Norge)
        







                Polski (Polska)
        







                Português (Brasil)
        





                Português (Portugal)
        







                Suomi (Suomi)
        







                Svenska (Finland)
        





                Svenska (Sverige)
        







                Türkçe (Türkiye)
        







                日本語 (日本)
        







                繁體中文 (台灣)
        





                繁體中文 (香港)
        









Countries


















                Argentina
        







                Australia
        







                Austria
        







                Belgium
        







                Brazil
        







                Canada
        







                Chile
        







                Czech Republic
        







                Denmark
        







                Finland
        







                France
        







                Germany
        







                Hong Kong
        







                Italy
        







                Japan
        







                Malaysia
        







                Mexico
        







                New Zealand
        







                Norway
        







                Philippines
        







                Poland
        







                Portugal
        







                Republic of Ireland
        







                Singapore
        







                Spain
        







                Sweden
        







                Switzerland
        







                Taiwan
        







                The Netherlands
        







                Turkey
        







                United Kingdom
        







                United States
        













Site Map

Atlanta
Austin
Boston
Chicago
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Honolulu
Houston
Los Angeles
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Portland
Sacramento
San Diego
San Francisco
San Jose
Seattle
Washington, DC
More Cities






About


Blog


Support


Terms





            Copyright © 2004–2017 Yelp Inc. Yelp, ,  and related marks are registered trademarks of Yelp.
    


















































Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.


