










 







SILVERWEST HOTEL FEEDER LLC - Pooled Investment Fund- Anderson  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









SILVERWEST HOTEL FEEDER LLC

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    4220 Shawnee Mission Parkway Suite 200 B 
    Fairway, KS, 66205Phone: 913-647-9700 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-11-22


New


$7,044,872


$7,044,872


Other


06b 3C 3C.7


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Terry . Anderson 
 Executive 


 Ryan . Anderson 
 Executive 


 Ryan . Henderson 
 Executive 


 Edward . Mace 
 Executive 


 Charles . Peck 
 Executive 


 . . Silverwest Hotels Llc 
 Executive 


 . . Silverwest Manager Fund I Llc 
 Executive 


 Kyle . Siner 
 Executive 














	Careers at Silverwest - Silverwest Hotels	



















 




























































 



















Careers at Silverwest

 HomeCareers at Silverwest 



 

Careers at Silverwestsilverwest2017-04-27T15:25:50+00:00 
Silverwest is a performance-driven hotel investment and management company. We value the contribution each team member makes to the success of our company.  You may e-mail inquiries regarding the career opportunities below to Careers@SilverwestHotels.com.

  Senior Sales Manager / Basalt, CO
In this position you will proactively make outside sales calls, secure key business accounts, conduct site tours, cold calls, tele-prospecting and form strategic partnerships with key demand generators and sources of referral business. This individual will be responsible for some administrative duties, constant communication with General Manager to include weekly revenue meetings, follow up on action plans and maintaining sales activity logs.
See Full Job DescriptionExecutive Housekeeper /  Schertz, TX
The Executive Housekeeper is responsible for ensuring efficient operations of the Housekeeping Department in accordance with Silverwest Hotels standards, as well as supervising the entire Housekeeping Department including rooms, front/back of house, public areas, and laundry.
See Full Job Description 




























	Silverwest Hotels | Hotel Development | Hotel Management	





















 




























































 
















 

Homesilverwest2017-07-06T15:23:05+00:00 
InvestmentAcquisition of hotels we believe can be improved and repositioned.

Investment

Acquisition of hotels we believe can be improved and repositioned.
DevelopmentLand acquisition, entitlements, brand choice and construction for strategically selected markets and sites.
Development

 Land acquisition, entitlements, brand choice and construction for strategically selected markets and sites.
ManagementOperator for several major national hotel brands; focused corporate resources and “hands-on” management philosophy.
Management

 Operator for several major national hotel brands; focused corporate resources and “hands-on” management philosophy.
Silverwest Hotels, LLC (“Silverwest”), is an investment and management company formed in 2014 by experienced hotel and resort executives Edward Mace and Charles Peck. Silverwest currently owns and manages a growing number of hotels and developments in destinations such as Colorado, Texas, Iowa and Hawaii. The company is a joint venture that brings Silverwest Hotel Partners LLC together with the institutional management platforms and expertise of Platform Ventures, LLC and an affiliate of Global Endowment Management. Platform Ventures, LLC, based in Kansas City, is a firm that, through certain asset management subsidiaries, manages and invests in real estate, real estate-related assets, real estate technologies and real estate-focused companies located throughout the United States. Global Endowment, based in Charlotte, NC, is an independent investment manager offering an endowment-style investment program to institutional investors, family offices, individuals and other sophisticated investors. Please note, nothing herein constitutes a solicitation to invest in any products managed by Silverwest Hotels LLC, Platform Ventures, LLC or Global Endowment Management LLC.
Silverwest has acquired various hotels and is engaged in developments across several Colorado destinations, Hawaii’s Big Island, West Des Moines, Iowa and San Antonio, Texas. In December 2015, Silverwest Hotels completed construction and opened two new Colorado hotels, Element by Westin in Basalt/Aspen and Hampton Inn & Suites in Silverthorne.


























Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














SILVERWEST HOTEL FEEDER LLC - Who is raising money? | SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, startups and private equity companies















Who is raising money?











SILVERWEST HOTEL FEEDER LLC  Funding details


SILVERWEST HOTEL FEEDER LLC Industry: Pooled Investment FundCIK Number: 0001689852IRS Number: 352545100Address: 4220 SHAWNEE MISSION PARKWAY SUITE 200-B FAIRWAY 66205Phone number: 913-647-9700



Latest news
SILVERWEST HOTEL FEEDER LLC raised $7,044,872 from 2 investors on 2016-11-22.



SILVERWEST HOTEL FEEDER LLC Filings

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2016-11-22New Form D$7,044,872$7,044,8720$0206b 3C 3C.7[SEC Filing]
SILVERWEST HOTEL FEEDER LLC raised $7,044,872 in total.



Directors and Executives of SILVERWEST HOTEL FEEDER LLC
Key People in SILVERWEST HOTEL FEEDER LLC:

. SILVERWEST MANAGER FUND-I LLC. SILVERWEST HOTELS LLCTERRY ANDERSONRYAN ANDERSONEDWARD MACECHARLES PECKRYAN HENDERSONKYLE SINER
Similar companiesSilverwest Hotel Fund I LLC, Silverwest Hotel Fund I-A LLC, SILVERWEST-I INVERNESS HOLDINGS LLC








Last visited companies: US Farmland Fund, LP, Value Partners Intelligent Funds-China Convergence Fund, Van Eck Veda Emerging Markets Long/Short Fund LP, Van Eck Veda Emerging Markets Long/Short Fund Ltd., Wise MasterFund LP

								© whoisraisingmoney.com
Daily updated news about investment into startups, hedge funds and private equity companies.


















	Investment - Silverwest Hotels	


















 




























































 



















Investment

 HomeWhat We DoInvestment 



 

Investmentsilverwest2016-08-01T20:02:45+00:00 

Silverwest acquires hotels we believe can be improved and repositioned.  Globally, we believe hotel operating fundamentals are poised to remain strong in 2016 and 2017, while regional variances will likely persist. Silverwest aims to help navigate these market-specific nuances to maximize our acquisition strategy.
There is no guarantee that the views and opinions expressed herein will come to pass. This material represents an assessment of the market environment at a specific point in time, is subject to change without notice, and should not be relied upon as research or investment advice. Actual events are difficult to predict, are beyond the control of Silverwest Hotels, LLC and its affiliates and may differ from those assumed. There can be no assurance that forward looking statements will materialize. Nothing herein shall be relied upon as a promise or representation whether as to the past or future performance. 



























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













	Hampton Inn - San Antonio, TX - Silverwest Hotels	


















 




























































 



















Hampton Inn – San Antonio, TX

 HomeProjectsHampton Inn – San Antonio, TX 



 

Hampton Inn – San Antonio, TXsilverwest2017-07-06T15:09:01+00:00 






 




























































 


Hampton Inn | San Antonio, TXSilverwest Hotels, LLC (“Silverwest”) acquired ownership and began operating the Hampton Inn in San Antonio, Texas in 2015.
Located in the 145-acre Northwoods mixed use development at the hub of a rapidly growing area in north central San Antonio, Texas, the Hampton Inn San Antonio – Northwoods has 97 guest rooms and a small meeting space. The Northwoods area has a variety of restaurants, shops, an ice rink and movie complex, all within walking distance of the hotel.
The hotel offers modern guest rooms with 32-inch flat-panel TVs, free high-speed Internet access, a handy lap desk and a coffee machine to help you refuel. Corporate guests can stay focused in the business center or book the meeting room that also provides free high-speed Internet access. Afterwards, work out in the fitness center or relax in the pool. As always, wake up with Hampton’s free hot breakfast offering a wide range of delicious options for a great start each day.
The hotel is convenient to a growing base of corporate offices as well as the Methodist Stone Oak and North Central Baptist Hospitals.
Nearby attractions include theme parks, golf courses, historical landmarks, an array of shopping malls and specialty stores. Stroll along the lovely San Antonio River Walk, featuring a range of entertainment, dining and shopping options or look for bargains at the famous El Mercado Mexican marketplace.
Airport Access:  10 minutes from San Antonio International Airport or 1 hour 10 minutes from Austin-Bergstrom International Airport.
For more information or to book a stay, please visit the hotel website by clicking here.
Nothing herein should be deemed a solicitation to invest in any vehicle managed by Silverwest Hotels LLC, Platform Investments, LLC, Silverwest Hotel Partners LLC or any affiliate of Global Endowment Management LLC.





























	Hampton Inn & Suites - Schertz, TX - Silverwest Hotels	


















 




























































 



















Hampton Inn & Suites – Schertz, TX

 HomeProjectsHampton Inn & Suites – Schertz, TX 



 

Hampton Inn & Suites – Schertz, TXsilverwest2017-07-06T15:11:05+00:00 






 
















































 


Hampton Inn & Suites | Schertz, TXSilverwest Hotels, LLC (“Silverwest”) acquired ownership and began operating the Hampton Inn & Suites in Schertz, Texas in 2015.
Located midway between San Antonio and New Braunfels, Texas, the Hampton Inn & Suites Schertz has 98 guest rooms and a small meeting space. Schertz offers several dining options within walking distance to the hotel with easy access to I-35, Randolph Air Force Base, downtown San Antonio, New Braufels and more.
The hotel offers modern guest rooms with 32-inch flat-panel TVs, free high-speed Internet access, a handy lap desk and a coffee machine to help you refuel. Corporate guests can stay focused in the business center or book the meeting room that also provides free high-speed Internet access. Afterwards, work out in the fitness center or relax in the pool. As always, wake up with Hampton’s free hot breakfast offering a wide range of delicious options for a great start each day.
Get an adrenaline rush at the Retama Horse Racing Park or catch a performance at the major theatrical venue within walking distance to the hotel. Visit nearby New Braunfels to enjoy the Gruene Historical District, Guadalupe River, Comal River and Canyon Lake or the Schlitterbaun Waterpark. Explore San Antonio and walk along the famous San Antonio River Walk, featuring a range of entertainment, dining and shopping options or look for bargains at the famous El Mercado Mexican marketplace. Then try some wild family fun at SeaWorld or Six Flags Fiesta Texas.
Airport Access: 20 minutes from San Antonio International Airport or 1 hour from Austin-Bergstrom International Airport.
For more information or to book a stay, please visit the hotel website by clicking here.
Nothing herein should be deemed a solicitation to invest in any vehicle managed by Silverwest Hotels LLC, Platform Investments, LLC, Silverwest Hotel Partners LLC or any affiliate of Global Endowment Management LLC.



























	InvestorDeveloper Acquires Waikoloa Beach Marriott














































Hotel News

















                        BITAC® Events!
                    






                    Casino Resorts

                

                    
                    Aug. 27, 2017

                

More Info


Sold Out for Suppliers





                    Purchasing & Design West

                

                    
                    Oct. 15, 2017

                

More Info



                    4 Supplier Spots Left





                    Owners Event

                

                    
                    Dec. 03, 2017

                

More Info



                    9 Supplier Spots Left







Building Your Hospitality Business
















                                     
                                

Are you a member?





Log In
		                             or 
		                            Sign Up



























Membership




		 
	



Member Log InE-News SampleSign Up - Free












Features




		 
	



Home PageArticle LibraryMember PollsEvent CalendarMember FeedbackContact Us













            The Radio Show

            This Week in Hospitality










		Follow us on Twitter
		@hotelinteractiv








































			 
		












Send a summary and link to this article







											To Email
										



* Required
* Improper Email




											Your Name
										


* Required




											Your Email
										


* Required
* Improper Email




											Bot Test
										







* Required. 


											To pass the Bot Test, please type the white text that you see in the gray box. This helps us prevent spammers from abusing the system.
											* To confirm, please type the white text that you see in the gray box.
























Printable Version







Investor/Developer Acquires Waikoloa Beach Marriott




Monday, February 02, 2015


bookmark this














                    We are on Twitter
                


				    @hotelinteractiv















































Silverwest Hotel Partners LLC announced today that it has acquired Waikoloa Beach Marriott from an affiliate of Blackstone Real Estate Advisors of New York for an undisclosed price.  The Waikoloa Beach Marriott is a 555-room, resort hotel that sits on 16 oceanfront acres on the shore of Anaeho`omalu Bay, on the Big Island’s Kohala Coast.  

 “We are very excited to have acquired this outstanding hotel. It is one of only a few resort hotels on the Kohala Coast,” said Edward Mace, a co-founder and managing partner of Silverwest Hotel Partners. “The resort has outstanding features and amenities including its location next to The Kings & Queens Villages and access to two golf courses of Waikoloa.  Our plans include a continued relationship with Marriott International and the terrific team of associates already in place at the hotel.” 

 Silverwest, a Denver-based firm, is acquiring the hotel on behalf of SMG I Hotel Waikoloa LLC in a joint venture with Mariner Real Estate Management and an affiliate of Global Endowment Management (GEM).

 Mace is the chief executive officer of the new venture and has had a long history with Hawaii.  He led the acquisition of the Fairmont Kea Lani on Maui as vice chairman of Fairmont Hotels & Resorts in 2001.  He has been an advisor to a number of investors and private equity firms who have been involved in Hawaii resort transactions over the past eight years.

 “The addition of this asset is part of a new joint venture with Mariner and GEM.   It is a solid brand in a unique location on fee simple oceanfront land in one of the great destinations of the world.   The Big Island is recovering nicely, and we look forward to a long and successful relationship with the property,” Mace said.

 Silverwest Hotel Partners currently has two Colorado hotel projects underway: a 113-room Element by Westin in Basalt, and an 88-room Hampton Inn and Suites in Silverthorne.  Construction of both hotels began in October 2014 and both hotels are set to open for the 2015-16 ski season.

 About SMG I Hotel Waikoloa Partners LLC and Silverwest Hotel Partners LLC 
 SMG I Hotel Waikoloa Partners LLC is a joint venture of Silverwest Hotel Partners, Mariner Real Estate Management and Global Endowment Management. 

 Silverwest Hotel Partners is a hotel investment, development and management company engaged in the acquisition and repositioning of branded and independent hotels and resorts.  The company was founded by Edward Mace and Charles Peck.  Mace was formerly president of Fairmont Hotels, RockResorts and Vail Resorts Lodging Company.  Mace also served as vice chairman of Fairmont Hotels and Resorts and oversaw global development.   Peck was previously president and COO of Destination Hotels & Resorts, the Denver-based hospitality subsidiary of Lowe Hospitality Group. www.silverwesthotelpartners.com

 Mariner Real Estate Management (MREM) is a real estate private equity firm founded by Ryan and Terry Anderson in partnership with Mariner Holdings, LLC.  MREM has focused on opportunistic investments in the commercial real estate market. Since inception in 2008, MREM and its affiliates have purchased over $1.5 billion of real loans or assets in over 30 states.  MREM has $760 million of assets under management.  MREM owns a stake in Pillar Financial, an affiliate of Guggenheim Partners.   Mariner Holdings is an independent financial services firm focused on wealth management and asset management.  Mariner Holdings currently manages $35.7 billion.   The company is based in Leawood, KS. www.mariner-re.com

 Global Endowment Management (GEM) is an investment manager located in Charlotte, NC.  www.globalendowment.com







Real Estate





Follow us on Twitter @hotelinteractiv





















Messaging & Feedback
We welcome your opinion! Log In to send feedback.





	    
		    Already a member?


			    Log In



		Not yet registered?


			Sign Up



		Need More Information?


			Benefits






 
    




































AAHOA















Lexmark+Hospitality Carpets















Garnier Thiebaut, Inc.















Northern Feather Canada Ltd















DIRECTV for Business















Office Star Products















Lodging Kit















Speakman















DreamLine















Flat World Hospitality















Forbo Flooring















Stroud Group















VT Group















Entegra Procurement Services















Samsung















Digital Alchemy















Electric Mirror















KoniTV















Eclipse Mattress Company















Red Lion Hotels Corporation















Tile Redi USA, LLC















Bartech Systems















Knickerbocker Bed Frame Company

















		
	        
		     
		



RSS Feed

Policies

Contact Us

Mobile Version




















Waikoloa Beach Marriott bought by Silverwest | Hawaii 24/7



















































 
























































 








   





 





 

Home
Calendars

Events Calendar
Sports Calendar
Moon Calendar
Submit Event


Gas
Weather
Archives
Be Prepared

Flooding
Storms/Hurricanes

National Weather Service on Hurricanes
HELCO Reminds Customers to Prepare for Hurricane Season


LavaTalk.info
Tsunami

What is a ‘Tsunami Watch’
What is a ‘tsunami warning’
Tsunami Evacuation Centers for the Big Island




Live
Contact Us
 















Hawaii 24/7
Hawaii247.com | Hawaii's News Now – News, Weather, Sports from the Big Island







News

Earthquake
Elections
Government
Military
Tsunami
Weather


Sports

A-P

Auto Racing
Baseball
Basketball
Boxing
Canoe Racing
Cheerleading
Equestrian
Fishing
Football
Golf
Gymnastics
Hunting
MMA
Judo
Multi-sport
Powerlifting


R-Z

Rodeo
Roller Derby
Rugby
Running
Sailing
Soccer
Softball
SUP
Surfing
Swimming
Tennis
Track & Field
Volleyball
Water Polo
Wrestling




Business

Energy
Recalls


Entertainment

Arts and Crafts
Books
Hula


Food
Education
Health

Dengue Fever
Hepatitis
H1N1 Flu (swine flu)
Medical Marijuana
Zika Virus


Sci-Tech

Astronomy
Volcano


Environment
Ag
Volunteering
Gallery

Photographs
Faces in the Crowd


Videos

Live Broadcast


Opinions

Op-Ed
Polls


Obits
Featured





Categorized | Business


Waikoloa Beach Marriott bought by Silverwest
Posted on March 2, 2015. Tags: edward mace, silverwest hotel partners, waikoloa beach marriott

MEDIA RELEASE
Silverwest Hotel Partners has acquired Waikoloa Beach Marriott from an affiliate of Blackstone. 
Silverwest is acquiring the hotel on behalf of SMG I Hotel Waikoloa LLC in a joint venture with Mariner Real Estate Management and an affiliate of Global Endowment Management (GEM), making this the first acquisition for this group.
Silverwest Hotel Partners LLC announced that it has acquired Waikoloa Beach Marriott from an affiliate of Blackstone for an undisclosed price. The Waikoloa Beach Marriott is a 555-room, resort hotel that sits on 16 oceanfront acres on the shore of Anaehoomalu Bay, on the Big Island’s Kohala Coast.
“We are very excited to have acquired this outstanding hotel. It is one of only a few resort hotels on the Kohala Coast,” said Edward Mace, a co-founder and managing partner of Silverwest Hotel Partners. “The resort has outstanding features and amenities including its location next to The Kings & Queens Villages and access to two golf courses of Waikoloa. Our plans include a continued relationship with Marriott International and the terrific team of associates already in place at the hotel.”
Mace is the chief executive officer of the new venture and has had a long history with Hawaii. He led the acquisition of the Fairmont Kea Lani on Maui as vice chairman of Fairmont Hotels & Resorts in 2001. He has been an advisor to a number of investors and private equity firms who have been involved in Hawaii resort transactions over the past eight years.
“The addition of this asset is part of a new joint venture with Mariner and GEM. It is a solid brand in a unique location on fee simple oceanfront land in one of the great destinations of the world. The Big Island is recovering nicely, and we look forward to a long and successful relationship with the property,” Mace said.
Silverwest Hotel Partners is a hotel investment, development and management company engaged in the acquisition and repositioning of branded and independent hotels and resorts. 
The company was founded by Edward Mace and Charles Peck. Mace was formerly president of Fairmont Hotels, RockResorts and Vail Resorts Lodging Company. Mace also served as vice chairman of Fairmont Hotels and Resorts and oversaw global development. Peck was previously president and COO of Destination Hotels & Resorts, the Denver-based hospitality subsidiary of Lowe Hospitality Group. 
Silverwest Hotel Partners currently has two Colorado hotel projects underway: a 113-room Element by Westin in Basalt, and an 88-room Hampton Inn and Suites in Silverthorne. Construction of both hotels began in October 2014 and both hotels are set to open for the 2015-16 ski season.
Mariner Real Estate Management (MREM) is a real estate private equity firm founded by Ryan and Terry Anderson in partnership with Mariner Holdings, LLC. MREM has focused on opportunistic investments in the commercial real estate market. Since inception in 2008, MREM and its affiliates have purchased over $1.5 billion of real loans or assets in over 30 states. MREM has $760 million of assets under management. MREM owns a stake in Pillar Financial, an affiliate of Guggenheim Partners. Mariner Holdings is an independent financial services firm focused on wealth management and asset management. Mariner Holdings currently manages $35.7 billion. The company is based in Leawood, KS. 
Global Endowment Management (GEM) is an investment manager located in Charlotte, NC.
— Find out more:
www.silverwesthotelpartners.co…
www.mariner-re.com
Share this:FacebookTwitterPinterestRedditGoogleTumblrMorePrintLinkedInPocketEmailLike this:Like Loading...

 


← Governor nominates deputies, state representative
Civil Defense siren test today at 11:45 a.m. →






 


Leave a Reply Cancel reply









 






 





 

 Weather AlertsThere are no active watches, warnings or advisories


Latest
Popular Comments Tags Subscribe  




 Police make two arrests in Hawaiian Ocean View Estates burglary
July 27, 2017



 Cabatu is East Hawaii’s Officer of the Month for July
July 27, 2017



 ‘Cop on Top’ fundraiser for Special Olympics Hawaii underway at Hilo and Kona Wallmart
July 27, 2017



 Volcano Watch: Largest Hawaiian earthquake in a decade reminds us to be prepared
July 27, 2017



 Volcano Watch: Kilauea activity update for July 27, 2017
July 27, 2017



 Police are searching for a Hilo man in connection with a robbery
July 25, 2017



 Police DUI stats for the week of July 17-23, 2017
July 25, 2017



 Police charge two in connection with an auto theft
July 24, 2017



 Police charge Hilo man for theft of ambulance
July 24, 2017



 Average gas prices in Hawaii rise 2.8 cents per gallon the past week
July 24, 2017





 Car crash closes Highway 11 at Mamaki Street in Puna bound lanes
August 15, 2010



 Senators urge extension of COBRA, unemployment benefits
January 27, 2010



 Oceanic Time Warner Cable services out statewide in Hawaii early Tuesday morning
July 27, 2010



 Photos from Kealakekua Bay and Napoopoo
March 11, 2011



 Opinion: Plan “Bee”: Hawaii Government Stings Honey Bees
October 13, 2009



 Bike rider was fatally struck by police officer’s vehicle Sunday (March 1)
March 1, 2015



 8.8 magnitude earthquake rocks Chile, tsunami advisories for Chile, Peru and Ecuador
February 26, 2010



 Kealakekua woman dies in two-car crash Sunday (Aug 1)
August 2, 2010



 Diver encounters great white shark off Kona shore
March 18, 2012



 Hawaiian Ocean View Estates man charged with murder in May 6 shooting
May 9, 2009





 Lee: God bless the crew as they continue on to their vo...



 Willem Tijssen: Prevent Malaria, Dengue, Typhus, Yellow Fever &amp...



 jungletrails: Please spray Kona...



 jungletrails: I see the Dept of Health are insisting on using th...



 Shan C: We need a new person in charge that will allow the...



 shan: Please get someone to take charge of the spraying ...



 Shan C: Well done. Such a great place for families.  Now i...



 Shan C: Please help the helicopters spray in all areas and...



 that guy: Why does every stupid 2-bit criminal have a face t...



 Aaron Johnson: If i remember correctly, at the time that Geotherm...




big island
biif
billy kenoi
burglary
dlnr
dui stats
earthquake
fatality
fire
fuel
gasbuddy
halemaumau
hawaii volcanoes national park
hccd
helco
high surf advisory
hilo
hvo
ironman
kailua-kona
keaau
kilauea
Kohala
kona
lava
lavatalk
mauna kea
mauna loa
missing
neil abercrombie
nws
pahoa
police
pta
puna
puu oo
recalls
theft
traffic
triathlon
uh-hilo
usgs
volcano
volcano watch
waimea 


Stay up to date
Subscribe to the RSS feed
Subscribe to the feed via email




 Tweets by @Hawaii247


Become a fan on facebook		Photos on flickr 








Hawaii County

Big Island Alerts
E-Waste
Hawaii County
Hawaii County Council
Hawaii County Mayor
Hawaii County Park, Rec & Camping Info
Hawaii County Police
Humane Society
Regulated Fishing Areas
Transfer Stations (trash dumps)
Water Spigots


Hawaii State

Court Connect
Election Results
Hawaii Beach Safety
Hawaii Dept of Health
Hawaii Government Holidays
Hawaii Sex/Minor Offender Information
Hawaii Trails
Heath Inspections
Maile Amber Alert
State Camping Permits
Unclaimed Property


Health

Choosing and using insect repellents
Dengue Outbreak
Domestic Abuse Info
EPA's Radiation Monitoring
National Domestic Violence Hotline
National Sexual Assault Hotline
National Suicide Prevention Lifeline
Rape, Abuse & Incest National Network
ReachOut.com
Veterans Crisis Line
World Health Organization


LavaTalk.info

Civil Defense Active Alerts
Hawaiian Volcano Observatory
LavaTalk.info


Links

Big Island Races
Classic NY Times Crosswords
Hawaii 24/7 YouTube Channel
Hawaii Island Radio Guide
Hawaiian Dictionary
Hurricane Preparedness Guide by Red Cross
Japan Tsunami Debris Info
Product Recalls
Sensorly Cellphone Coverage Maps
Time Zone Converter
TV Guide




Stock QuotesNASDAQ6369.4424  -12.7437S&P 5002470.45  -4.97AAPL149.575  -0.985FB172.35  +1.91GOOG937.92  +3.83INTC35.285  +0.315MSFT72.95  -0.21ORCL50.38  -0.07QCOM52.87  +0.38ALEX41.68  -0.04BOH82.785  -0.755BRN1.84  +0.00BYD25.15  -0.62CAGU0.413  +0.000CPF30.44  -0.42CYAN3.401  +0.000HA42.90  +1.40HCOM29.24  -0.03HE32.71  -0.27MLP16.40  +0.10MRPI0.00155  +0.00000NNUTU2.36  +0.00PLFF0.02  +0.00TBNK30.75  -0.34TSO97.69  -0.01Jul 28, 2017 /  12:07 pm 








 







© Copyright 2017 Hawaii 24/7 | About Us | Contact Us | Advertising | Privacy Policy






 




  

 
















Send to Email Address

Your Name

Your Email Address





Cancel

				Post was not sent - check your email addresses!			

				Email check failed, please try again			

				Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.			




















%d bloggers like this:









	About Silverwest - Silverwest Hotels	





















 




























































 



















About Silverwest

 HomeAbout Silverwest 



 

About Silverwestsilverwest2017-07-06T15:18:56+00:00 
About Silverwest
Silverwest Hotels, LLC (“Silverwest”), is an investment and management company formed in 2014 by experienced hotel and resort executives Edward Mace and Charles Peck. Silverwest currently owns and manages a growing number of hotels and developments in destinations such as Colorado, Texas, Iowa and Hawaii. The company is a joint venture that brings Silverwest Hotel Partners LLC together with the institutional management platforms and expertise of Platform Ventures, LLC and an affiliate of Global Endowment Management. Platform Ventures, LLC, based in Kansas City, is a firm that, through certain asset management subsidiaries, manages and invests in real estate, real estate-related assets, real estate technologies and real estate-focused companies located throughout the United States. Global Endowment, based in Charlotte, NC, is an independent investment manager offering an endowment-style investment program to institutional investors, family offices, individuals and other sophisticated investors. Please note, nothing herein constitutes a solicitation to invest in any products managed by Silverwest Hotels LLC, Platform Ventures, LLC or Global Endowment Management LLC.
Silverwest has acquired various hotels and is engaged in developments across several Colorado destinations, Hawaii’s Big Island, West Des Moines, Iowa and San Antonio, Texas. In December 2015, Silverwest completed construction and opened two new Colorado hotels, Element by Westin in Basalt/Aspen and Hampton Inn & Suites in Silverthorne. Its third new development hotel, the Element West Des Moines, will open in June 2017.




* GEF-PUE, LP, an affiliate of Global Endowment Management (“GEM”), is the entity with ownership in Silverwest Hotels LLC.

























