










 













 


 

- Silverado Management Group, LLC's involvement in venture capital (via Silverado Income Fund I Llc)































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/people/232942--silverado-management-group-llcsection=people&subsection=detail&id=232942




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


-Silverado Management Group, LLCGet alertedif - Silverado Management Group, LLC gets funded!- Silverado Management Group, LLCSilverado Income Fund I Llc - PromoterDeals involving - Silverado Management Group, LLCUndisclosed raised with Silverado Income Fund I Llc on November, 2015Please note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Some of the profile information was collected using the Crunchbase API. For more details on the profile, please check - Silverado Manageme... on Crunchbase.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment!

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version












﻿







Silverado Income Fund I  Filing. David C Scott  Submitted Nov 17  Form D – Octafinance






















































 








Friday, 28 July 2017

























 

Menu



Featured News


						2 years ago - Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Tests Its Ad Technology On Billboards To Cushion Itself Against Ad Blocks


						2 years ago - China Margin Debt Hits 8-Week High, Japan Pumps’n’Dumps As Kyle Bass Fears Looming EM Banking Crisis


						2 years ago - Marc Faber Shares His Insight in One Hour Exclusive Interview. He Covers All From Commodities and China to Inflation, The Euro and Gold


						2 years ago - Carl Icahn Criticizes the Fed. Feels Bad For Investors Buying Junk Bonds


						2 years ago - John Burbank: European QE Can’t Save The Markets Same As the U.S. Quantitative Easing. Everything Will Be Liquidated










Silverado Income Fund I  Filing. David C Scott  Submitted Nov 17  Form D


11/17/2015  by OctaStaff 
			in Private Financing News 












Share with your friendsYour NameYour EmailRecipient EmailEnter a MessageI read this article and found it very interesting, thought it might be interesting for you. The article is called Silverado Income Fund I  Filing. David C Scott  Submitted Nov 17  Form D and is was published by Octafinance.com at http://www.octafinance.com/silverado-income-fund-i-filing-david-c-scott-submitted-nov-17-form-d/284332/.CaptchaSubmit
Silverado Income Fund I Form D
The Alabama-based Silverado Income Fund I, Llc filed Form D about $25.00 million offering. This is a new filing. Silverado Income Fund I, Llc is expected to sell $25.00 million in this private offering amount. The total private offering amount amount was $25.00 million. The private offering document was filed on 2015-11-17. Silverado Income Fund I, Llc’s clarification was: Secured Note Offering (combined with Membership Unit Offering). The offering has $25.00 million left to be raised and is still open.
 Silverado Income Fund I is based in Alabama. The company’s business is Pooled Investment Fund. The SEC form was filed by David C Scott Mbr of Silverado Management Group, LLC, as Manager. The company was incorporated in 2014. The filler’s address is: 10300 Sw Greenburg Road, Suite 270, Portland, Or, Oregon, 97223. – Silverado Management Group, Llc is the related person in the form and it has address: 10300 Sw Greenburg Road, Suite 270, Portland, Or, Oregon, 97223. Link to Silverado Income Fund I Filing: 000165851715000002.
Analysis of Silverado Income Fund I Offering
On average, firms in the Pooled Investment Fund sector, sell 37.80 % pooled investment fund interests. Silverado Income Fund I sold 0.00 % of the offering. The average investment size is $24.76 million for companies in the Pooled Investment Fund industry sector. The total amount raised is 100.00 % smaller than the average for companies in the Pooled Investment Fund sector. 

Receive News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.







 
Tagged: Fundraising $1m+Pooled Investment Fund



Toronto: IBI Group (TSE:IBG) Rating Upped to “Outperform” by Raymond James. Lost Its “Market Perform” Rating HNZ Group Inc (TSE:HNZA) Had Its Target Price per Share Downgraded by 32.50 % at TD Securities to $13.50 



 





Free Email Newsletter
    Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with our FREE daily email newsletter:







Hedge Fund NewsTop 10 CITADEL ADVISORS 13F Holdings in Q3 2015DF DENT & CO INC Just Released Its Q3 2015 Stock PositionsMAVERICK CAPITAL Top 10 Holdings in Q3 2015Analyzing Ken Griffins CITADEL ADVISORS Stock Holdings in Q3 2015LONE PINE CAPITAL Top 10 13F Positions in Q3 2015Guru NewsFelix Zulauf Sees a Stock Market Correction Coming. This Rally S&P 500 (INDEXSP:.INX) Will Be Short-LivedMarc Faber Shares His Insight in One Hour Exclusive Interview. He Covers All From Commodities and China to Inflation, The Euro and GoldJim Grant: The Next Thing Might Be Helicopter Money. What to Buy and Where He Sees Investment OpportunitiesKyle Bass Bearish on Emerging Markets for at least 2 More Years. Looking to Short CurrenciesDavid Tepper Gets Defensive. Is it Time to Get Out of The Stock Market?


CTAs NewsRed Rock Just Published Report About The Trend Following Landscape & How CTAs’ Performance Must Be AnalyzedHow to Implement Dual Momentum for non-US InvestorsDo Commodity Trading Advisors (CTAs) Really Provide Crisis Alpha, Equity Hedge and Are Long Volatility?





















Fairway America Announces Fund of $25M for Silverado Income Fund I, Newly Listed on Crowdfunding Marketplace SBREfunds.com | Silverado Funding LLCSilverado Funding LLC

























































 







Silverado Funding LLC
Portland Oregon Private Money Lender




Home
Loan Programs

Bridge Loans
Rehab Loans
Construction Loans
Rate and Terms


Borrowers
Resources

Borrower Profit Calculator
Construction Funds Disbursement Procedures
Loan Process
Upload Documents
Make a Payment
Articles


Our Team
Investors

Investor Forms
SBRE Investment Summit 2016
SBRE Investment Summit 2015


Contact

Our Office







Fairway America Announces Fund of $25M for Silverado Income Fund I, Newly Listed on Crowdfunding Marketplace SBREfunds.com

 April 29, 2015



SOURCE: Fairway America
Full Article Link
PORTLAND, OR–(Marketwired – Apr 3, 2015) –  Fairway America (http://fairwayamerica.com/), the nation’s leading authority on small balance real estate (SBRE) pooled investment funds, today announced the launch of Silverado Income Fund I, LLC’s (“Silverado” or the “Fund”) $25M fund on SBREfunds.com (http://sbrefunds.com), a crowdfunding marketplace that focuses exclusively on quality products and information in the pooled real estate asset based investment space. SBREfunds.com is building the world’s leading community of SBRE fund managers, and Silverado’s fund listing will generate immediate exposure to accredited investors looking for opportunities in SBRE pooled investment funds.
The recently launched SBREfunds.com platform provides accredited investors with a secure environment to network with one another through a private forum, consume educational content that teaches them about the SBRE market in general, and allows them to anonymously review and select investment opportunities presented by fund managers inside the marketplace and contact the managers directly themselves if and when they want to.
“What we’ve established with SBREfunds.com is an unprecedented online portal exclusively for blind pooled funds,” said Matt Burk, CEO of Fairway America. “We’re laying the groundwork for SBREfunds.com as the number one place where SBRE entrepreneurs and fund managers have access to high-level education, information, peer feedback and other functions central to their operations, all in one place.”
Listing Silverado’s Fund on SBREfunds.com positions the company to gain exposure more quickly and to raise capital more effectively from its inception. Silverado focuses on originating mortgage loans to developers and investors for the acquisition, construction and/or rehabilitation of non-owner occupied residential and multifamily properties located in the Pacific Northwest, with an initial focus on the Portland Metro region and Southwest Washington.
The principal manager of Silverado is Tea Olive Enterprises, LLC, an Oregon limited liability company owned by David Scott, who is the sole member of Tea Olive Enterprises, LLC. As President of Silverado, his expertise includes loan origination, management of the company’s bank lines of credit, capital procurement from high net worth individuals, and customer relations with potential clients.
“We’ve originated over 300 residential real estate loans in the past several years and felt it was time for us to put better capital structure around our operations,” said Scott. “Fairway’s complete end to end platform is a perfect fit for us to make sure we have a quality structure, proper administration, and fantastic exposure on the SBREfunds.com crowdfunding site. Fairway’s fund also made an investment in our Fund which made it even nicer.”
“Listing Silverado’s Fund on SBREfunds.com exposes it to our growing community of investors who are learning more and more about the many and varied opportunities in the SBRE space,” said Burk. “This isn’t your typical crowdfunding platform. The site not only helps our clients gain more exposure to investors, but we also provide expertise in fund structure, administration and management to help ensure that the funds listed on the site are well positioned to raise capital effectively.”
Silverado Funding will be attending Fairway’s Small Balance Real Estate Investment Summit at the Hyatt Regency Spa and Resort at Gainey Ranch in Scottsdale Arizona on April 9th and 10th. This invitation only event is open to fund managers and accredited investors interested in the SBRE pooled investment fund space.
For more information about Fairway America, please visit: http://fairwayamerica.com
For more information about SBRE Funds, please visit: http://sbrefunds.com
For more information on the SBRE Summit, please visit: http://sbrefunds.com/scottsdale
About Fairway America
Fairway America, LLC is a longtime real estate lender, fund manager and boutique real estate finance advisory firm providing strategic business planning services nationwide to SBRE entrepreneurs such as private money lenders and real estate syndicators around the structure, architecture, and administration of proprietary 506 Regulation D pooled investment funds. Fairway’s related entities manage two proprietary funds, Fairway America Fund VI, LLC, and Fairway America Fund VII LP, each focused on the SBRE space with different asset allocations and investment features. Both funds consider investments nationwide.
About SBREFunds.com
SBREfunds.com is an online portal that exclusively lists small balance real estate pooled investment fund opportunities. Created by Fairway America, SBREfunds.com provides entrepreneurs and investors with education and connectivity to better capitalize and grow an SBRE enterprise. From connection to investors to strategic capital raising plans to live events, SBREfunds.com is the definitive resource for SBRE entrepreneurs and accredited investors to understand how to successfully work with one another for mutual benefit and growth.
Neither Fairway America nor SBREFunds is a registered broker-dealer or investment advisor. None of the Fairway companies perform any activities of a broker or investment adviser, including but not limited to, soliciting investors, providing investment advice, negotiating securities transactions or the terms, conditions or provisions of any offering, or recommending the purchase of securities. This press release does not constitute an offer or solicitation to sell securities in any of the companies mentioned, any funds presenting at SBRE Summit events, or any related or associated companies. Investors must not rely on information provided in this press release for investment decisions.



« New $25M fund feeds Portland’s real estate crowdfunding cluster






 Search the Silverado Website









Contact Silverado Silverado Funding LLC
10300 SW Greenburg Road - Suite 270
Portland, Oregon 97223
Email: info@silveradofundingllc.com
Office: 503.520.1290
Fax: 503.520.1285
Washington Toll Free: 1-855-223-0626
Monday - Friday: 8AM - 6PM

Apply For Loan Today ApplyWe're ready to help you with your financial needs today.










PRIVACY POLICY | Silverado Funding, LLC has a privacy policy to protect all information received from our clients or from others on their behalf. In the ourse of providing our clients with financial services,we do request personal financial information. However, all the information we receive from our clients is held in confidence and is not released to people outside of Silverado Funding, LLC, except as agreed to by our clients or as required under applicable law. Client information, whether maintained in physical  or  electronic form, will be handled following our internal privacy procedures and safeguards.
		



© 2015 Silverado Funding, LLC. All Rights Reserved. NMLS #292152 

Website Developed by WarmMedia.com 















 


silverado funding Archives - Crowdfund Insider






































































Featured
Marketplaces
Offerings
Blockchain & Digital Currency
Fintech
More 

Home
Global
Strategy
Politics
Real Estate
Asia
Insurtech
Canada
Events
Opinion
Women Changing Finance
The Ultimate Crowdfunding Guide
About Us
Submit a Tip – Contact Us








Search





























						Tagged: silverado funding 






Fairway America Announces Fund of $25M for Silverado Income Fund I on Crowdfunding Marketplace SBREfunds



 
April 3, 2015 @ 3:09 pm By Samantha Hurst  |   
Fairway America, an authority on small balance real estate (SBRE) pooled investment funds, today announced the launch of Silverado Income Fund I, LLC’s (“Silverado” or the “Fund”) $25M fund on SBREfunds, a crowdfunding marketplace that focuses exclusively on quality products and information in the pooled… Read More
 
 Tweet5 Share Share +1 Reddit Pin EmailShares 5

        Read more in: Offerings         |  Tagged david scott, fairway america, matt burk, sbrefunds, silverado funding 








 





Subscribe to our weekly email

Email Address 





 






 



. 




Sponsored Links by DQ Promote 

 



. 
. 



..




EB-5 Financing Seminar – San Francisco



July 29 @ 9:00 am - 3:00 pm  PDT  




Disruption Summit Europe – London



September 5 




Pirate Summit – Cologne



September 6 - September 7 



 


CrowdInvest Summit 2017 – Los Angeles



September 6 - September 7 



 


ComCap17 – Monterey, California



September 10 - September 13 




Finovate Fall 2017 – New York City



September 11 - September 14 




Global Ethical Finance Forum – Edinburgh



September 13 - September 14 




Fintech Growth Forum – London



September 19 @ 9:00 am - 7:00 pm  BST  



View All Events

 



















Silverado Funding, LLC - SBRE Investment Offering - SBREfunds



























































Skip to content









				Success. You now have a membership at SBREfunds.com!
			








Become a member for exclusive access to our SBRE Deals
You must be registered with us as an accredited investor to invest in our opportunities. With our free, premium investor status you get access to all of our Opportunities and all of our educational content.




Sign
                      Up




Login










You must be logged in to use this feature.
Sign up    Log in

You must be registered with us as an accredited investor to invest in our opportunities. With our free, premium investor status you get access to all of our Opportunities and all of our educational content.
Sign Up Login




























 

Silverado Income Fund I Llc - Funding history, company info, news ...































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/companies/217663-silverado-income-fund-i-llcsection=companies&subsection=detail&id=217663  




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


Silverado Income Fund I LlcCompany DetailsGet alertedif Silverado Income Fund I Llc gets funded!Silverado Income Fund I LlcFunding history Key peopleCountry:State:City:United StatesOregonPortlandIndustry:Finance Funding history DateDeal sizeInvestors November 17th, 2015Undisclosed-View DealCreate alertManage your alerts in accountWant to know when Silverado Income Fund I Llc gets funded?Key people- Silverado Management Group, LLCPromoterPlease note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment!