










 




Silver Creek Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 3:44 PM ET
Biotechnology

Company Overview of Silver Creek Pharmaceuticals, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Silver Creek Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a biotechnology company, develops protein therapeutics and regenerative medicines to treat cardiovascular diseases. Its biotherapeutics promote resilience and/or regeneration of cardiac cells. The company was founded in 2010 and is based in San Francisco, California. Silver Creek Pharmaceuticals, Inc. operates as a subsidiary of Merrimack Pharmaceuticals, Inc.


409 Illinois StreetSan Francisco, CA 94158United StatesFounded in 2010



Phone: 415-978-2178

Fax: 415-978-1930

www.silvercreekpharma.com







Key Executives for Silver Creek Pharmaceuticals, Inc.




Mr. Matthew Onsum


      	Chief Executive Officer
      








Dr. Benoit Bruneau


      	Adviser
      








Dr. Peter Zandstra


      	Adviser
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Silver Creek Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Key Developments

Silver Creek Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Appoints Ross Breckenridge to the Board of Directors
Sep 16 15
Silver Creek Pharmaceuticals, Inc. announced that Dr. Ross Breckenridge was appointed to its Board of Directors. Dr. Breckenridge serves as senior clinical lecturer and Program Director for the Masters Program in Clinical and Experimental Medicine at the University College London, and practicing physician at University of College London Hospital. Dr. Breckenridge currently serves on the boards of Reva Medical Inc., Senrigan Capital, Empower India, and the Cornelia de Lange Society of Great Britain; he provides consultation services to investors in the biotech and healthcare sector.


Silver Creek Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Presents at 14th Annual BIO Investor Forum, Oct-20-2015 03:00 PM
Sep 3 15
Silver Creek Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Presents at 14th Annual BIO Investor Forum, Oct-20-2015 03:00 PM. Venue: Parc 55 Hotel, San Francisco, California, United States.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 20n Labs, Inc. United States 23andMe, Inc. United States 2C Tech Corporation, Inc. United States 3-V Biosciences, Inc. United States 3Bar Biologics Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Private Placement

			      December 4, 2016
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Silver Creek Pharmaceuticals, Inc., please visit www.silvercreekpharma.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














Silver Creek Pharmaceuticals, Inc. - Relationship Science



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Silver Creek Pharmaceuticals, Inc.



Overview
In The News Executives & Employees Board of Directors Paths
Recent Transactions Investors



Silver Creek Pharmaceuticals, Inc.



 OVERVIEW



Date Founded


2010




Headquarters


409 Illinois Street San Francisco  Ca  94158




Industries


Pharmaceuticals

Holding Companies




Company Description


Silver Creek Pharmaceuticals, Inc. develops novel regenerative medicines which focus on treating cardiovascular disease.  Its molecules are designed to promote resilience and regeneration of damaged tissues after acute or chronic injury. The company was founded in 2010 and is headquartered in San Francisco, CA.




Website


http://www.silvercreekpharma.com






 In The News
          See more




PR Newswire
September 16, 2015





                        Silver Creek Pharmaceuticals Appoints Dr. Ross Breckenridge to Board of Directors                    





PR Newswire
May 5, 2015





                        Silver Creek Pharmaceuticals Awarded NIH SBIR Grant for Smart Growth Factor Technology: Proceeds from the award will be used to advance novel "Smart Growth Factors" toward clinical development                    






 Executives & Employees



Ross Breckenridge

President, Chief Executive Officer & Director




Ulrik B. Nielsen

Director





Birgit M. Schoeberl

Executive Officer






See our list of current and previous employees when you upgrade.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 



                          Board of Directors                        



Ulrik B. Nielsen

Chief Executive Officer at Torque Therapeutics, Inc.




James D. Marks

Professor, Departments of Anesthesia & Pharmaceutical Chemistry at UCSF School of Medicine





Birgit M. Schoeberl

Executive Officer at Silver Creek Pharmaceuticals, Inc.




Ross Breckenridge

Senior Clinical Lecturer & Program Director, Masters Program in Clinical & Experimental Medicine at University College London





Michael C. Fairbanks




Thomas Murtagh

Director at Silver Creek Pharmaceuticals, Inc.







See our list of current and previous board members when you upgrade.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Paths to Silver Creek Pharmaceuticals, Inc.



                        Silver Creek Pharmaceuticals, Inc.                    




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Silver Creek Pharmaceuticals, Inc.






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Silver Creek Pharmaceuticals, Inc..

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Recent Transactions



 Details Hidden



                                    Silver Creek Pharmaceuticals, Inc. raised money in a private placement transaction                                                                    





 Investors



 Details Hidden


Merrimack Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

                                    Merrimack Pharmaceuticals, Inc. engages in discovering, developing and preparing to commercialize innovative medicines consisting of novel therapeutics paired with diagnostics for the treatment of cancer. Its offers its first commercial product, Onivyde, which is a novel encapsulation of the marketed chemotherapy drug irinotecan in liposomal formulation. The company was founded by Anthony J. Sinskey, Gavin MacBeath and Ulrik B. Nielsen in 1993 and is headquartered in Cambridge, MA.                                




 Details Hidden


Crocker Ventures LLC

                                    Crocker Ventures is an early-stage seed capital investment firm focusing on health care, biotechnology and other life sciences companies                                






You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.















Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤















Silver Creek Pharmaceuticals, Inc.                                                                                       - San Francisco                                     , CA         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



CA



San Francisco



Commercial Physical Research



Biotechnical Research, Commercial



                            Silver Creek Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
                                    



 





















S 


Silver Creek Pharmaceuticals, Inc.                                                                                      
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



409 ILLINOIS ST SAN FRANCISCO, CA 94158
Get Directions



(415) 978-2178
www.silvercreekpharma.com                                                                               





Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $680,000.00
 Employee Count 9
 Industries Biotechnical Research, Commercial
 Contacts Ulrik Nielsen                                                                                                           







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Silver Creek Pharmaceuticals, Inc.                                                                                       was founded in 2010, and is located at 409 Illinois St in San Francisco. Additional information is available at www.silvercreekpharma.com                                                                                or by contacting Ulrik Nielsen                                                                                                            at (415) 978-2178. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







S

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















Silver Creek Pharmaceuticals Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























silver creek pharmaceuticals inc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Health Care
Industry: Biotech & Pharma
Sub-Industry: Specialty Pharma
Silver Creek Pharmaceuticals Inc. operates as a pharmaceutical company. The Company focuses on developing protein therapeutics and regenerative medicines to treat cardiovascular diseases. Silver Creek Pharmaceuticals conducts business in the United States.




Corporate Information
Address:

409 Illinois Street
San Francisco, CA 94158
United States


Phone:
1-415-978-2178


Fax:
1-415-978-1930


Web url:
www.silvercreekpharma.com























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data





































 Michael C. Fairbanks - Silver Creek Pharmaceuticals















































Join Us











Join Us







                                                                    Michael C. Fairbanks                                                            









Michael Fairbanks was a U.S. Peace Corps teacher in Kenya (1979-1981). He is a Fellow at the Weatherhead Center for International Affairs at Harvard University; a director of the Akilah Institute for Women, the first women’s college in Rwanda; a director of the Rwanda Biomedical Center, which oversees that nation’s healthcare system. He has been a Chief Executive in both the private and philanthropic sectors.
He has advised two dozen presidents in Latin America, the Caribbean, Eastern Europe and Asia on their export competitiveness and private sector development. He worked in Colombia during “the Apertura,” El Salvador after the peace accord, Serbia after the Yugoslav wars, Rwanda since the genocide, Afghanistan during the war, and Haiti before and after the earthquake in 2010.
He is Senior Advisor since 2001 to President Paul Kagame of Rwanda. He co–authored Harvard Business School’s landmark book on business strategy in emerging markets, “Plowing the Sea, Nurturing the Hidden Sources of Advantage in Developing Nations,” with a Foreword by Professor Michael Porter; and edited, “In the River They Swim: Essays from Around the World on Enterprise Solutions to Poverty,” Foreword by Pastor Rick Warren. He helped to conceive, and contributed to, “Culture Matters,” edited by Sam Huntington and Larry Harrison at Harvard.  He has written for the New York Times, Washington Post, The Hill, Fox News, Huffington Post, Christian Science Monitor, Philanthropy Magazine, and The Harvard International Review.
He is a citizen of the United States, the European Union (Ireland), and Rwanda.



About UsSilver Creek is developing novel regenerative medicines with an initial focus on treating cardiovascular disease. The seed for Silver Creek's approach was based on insights from work at Merrimack Pharmaceuticals in the field of oncology: at the systems level, tumor cells and cardiomyocytes share very similar mechanisms of survival during stress; however, the cardiomyocytes are not as resilient.
Read More »  Latest News 

Silver Creek Pharmaceuticals Awarded NIH SBIR Grant for Smart Growth Factor Technology


Silver Creek and Genentech co-chairing conference session on Systems Pharmacology


Silver Creek to Present at 13th annual BIO Investor Forum


Silver Creek presenting research at American Heart Association meeting


Silver Creek presenting at BioIT 2014


 





Get Involved
We're looking for creative, team-oriented, and resourceful individuals with a passion for innovation to join our growing multidisciplinary team. You will have the opportunity to make an immediate impact.
Contact Us











	$100 Off Your Move-In Fee | Sunrise Senior Living


































































        Pricing & Availability 888-434-4648
    
Sunrise Senior Living
Visit our Website




 
No one champions quality of life for seniors like Sunrise. We’ve devoted more than 30 years to refining our resident-centered care, building the most passionate and skilled teams who get to know our residents, and filling every community with the special touches of home. 
Fill out the form to receive a coupon for $100 off your move-in fee. Print out the coupon and bring it with you when you visit a community to see for yourself what the Sunrise Signature Experience is all about! 




	Complete this form to receive your coupon.












Zip Code
Zip Code must have at least 0 and no more than 256 characters.The value of the Zip Code field is not valid.
*

First Name
First Name must have at least 0 and no more than 256 characters.The value of the First Name field is not valid.
*

Last Name
Last Name must have at least 0 and no more than 256 characters.The value of the Last Name field is not valid.
*

Email Address
Enter a valid e-mail address.
*

Phone Number

*Enter a valid telephone number.


Sign up to receive our monthly newsletter, The NewsGram







If you are accessing this website from Canada, please click here



























Sunrise Senior Living
Brighton Gardens

Joy Of Every Day




Void where prohibited. Participating communities only. Limited-time offer applicable to new residents only and must be presented at the time of deposit.
Offer not valid for communities in Canada.

Terms  |  
		Privacy Policy
































 Ulrik B. Nielsen - Silver Creek Pharmaceuticals















































Join Us











Join Us







                                                                    Ulrik B. Nielsen                                                            









Ulrik is a co-founder and Chief Scientific Officer of Merrimack Pharmaceuticals. For the past seven years, he has been part of the executive team where he is responsible for research and early development. Ulrik was instrumental in building the company’s Network Biology platform and oncology pipeline. Prior to joining Merrimack, he was a post-doctoral fellow at Massachusetts Institute of Technology, where he researched the interface among biology, engineering and computational biology. Ulrik received his M.S. and Ph.D. degrees from the University of Copenhagen in molecular biology and trained at the University of California, San Francisco. Ulrik has also undertaken extensive executive business education, including education at Harvard Business School (PLD graduate).



About UsSilver Creek is developing novel regenerative medicines with an initial focus on treating cardiovascular disease. The seed for Silver Creek's approach was based on insights from work at Merrimack Pharmaceuticals in the field of oncology: at the systems level, tumor cells and cardiomyocytes share very similar mechanisms of survival during stress; however, the cardiomyocytes are not as resilient.
Read More »  Latest News 

Silver Creek Pharmaceuticals Awarded NIH SBIR Grant for Smart Growth Factor Technology


Silver Creek and Genentech co-chairing conference session on Systems Pharmacology


Silver Creek to Present at 13th annual BIO Investor Forum


Silver Creek presenting research at American Heart Association meeting


Silver Creek presenting at BioIT 2014


 





Get Involved
We're looking for creative, team-oriented, and resourceful individuals with a passion for innovation to join our growing multidisciplinary team. You will have the opportunity to make an immediate impact.
Contact Us









	Contact our Corporate Office | Sunrise Senior Living


































































Explore More
Company Information
Mission & Ethics
Sunrise Leadership
Volunteer
Contact Us
Media Relations
Friends & Family Referral Program
CareConnect
Careers with Sunrise




Contact Sunrise Senior Living
How can we help you? Please select the appropriate tab to address your specific needs and a Sunrise team member will contact you shortly.
For current resident and family concerns, please call: 703-854-0050
Looking to volunteer? Click here.
Find a community
Community Support Office 
Sunrise Senior Living 
7902 Westpark Drive
McLean, Virginia 22102 
Tel: 703-273-7500 
Fax: 703-744-1601
Contact Us
Job Search
Vendors
Media Inquiries



	Please enter your contact information












First Name *
First Name * must have at least 0 and no more than 256 characters.The value of the First Name * field is not valid.
*

Last Name *
Last Name * must have at least 0 and no more than 256 characters.The value of the Last Name * field is not valid.
*

Email *
Enter a valid e-mail address.
*

Phone *

*Enter a valid telephone number.

Zip Code *
Zip Code * must have at least 0 and no more than 256 characters.Please enter a valid zip.
*


Or Choose Your Community

State/Province



Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming
Alberta
British Columbia
Manitoba
New Brunswick
Newfoundland
Nova Scotia
Ontario
Prince Edward Island
Quebec
Saskatchewan









Comments

Comments must have at least 0 and no more than 512 characters.The value of the Comments field is not valid.




 

 




















 

Please enter the code above
















What would you like to do


Schedule a visit

Request more information

Other




Care & Services of interest


Assisted Living

Memory Care

Independent Living

Skilled Nursing

Short-Term Stays

Hospice Care









View our email consent statement.






Sunrise Senior Living respects your privacy. We will never share your information with an outside party. Click here to view our privacy policy.
Volunteer Information
By sharing their skills, our volunteers create meaningful experiences that separate Sunrise from traditional assisted living facilities. For volunteer opportunities, please click here.







Sunrise Care Questionnaire

Not sure what type of care you need?
Take our Survey








                    Senior Living Financial Options
                

Learn More









Visit Our Blog







































 Thomas Murtagh - Silver Creek Pharmaceuticals















































Join Us











Join Us







                                                                    Thomas Murtagh                                                            









Thomas Murtagh is a Co-Founder of Clarion Healthcare LLC, a boutique life sciences strategy and organizational consultancy based in Boston, MA. His main areas of practice include:

Architecting innovative product profiles that will meet patient needs 5-10 years in the future
Strategic trade-off and investments decisions for pipeline assets (e.g. indication selection and prioritization)
Defining investment requirements to support effective commercialization in the era of evidence based medicine
Anticipating new organizational requirements to support the rapidly evolving healthcare system and fundamental changes in the model for bringing therapeutics to patients

Prior to founding Clarion in 2003, Tom was a Vice President in Braun Consulting’s Healthcare Practice, a former member of the management team at Vertex Partners and a former member of Arthur D. Little. He holds an MBA in Finance from the University of Chicago and an A.B. from Dartmouth College.



About UsSilver Creek is developing novel regenerative medicines with an initial focus on treating cardiovascular disease. The seed for Silver Creek's approach was based on insights from work at Merrimack Pharmaceuticals in the field of oncology: at the systems level, tumor cells and cardiomyocytes share very similar mechanisms of survival during stress; however, the cardiomyocytes are not as resilient.
Read More »  Latest News 

Silver Creek Pharmaceuticals Awarded NIH SBIR Grant for Smart Growth Factor Technology


Silver Creek and Genentech co-chairing conference session on Systems Pharmacology


Silver Creek to Present at 13th annual BIO Investor Forum


Silver Creek presenting research at American Heart Association meeting


Silver Creek presenting at BioIT 2014


 





Get Involved
We're looking for creative, team-oriented, and resourceful individuals with a passion for innovation to join our growing multidisciplinary team. You will have the opportunity to make an immediate impact.
Contact Us











 Yan Zhang - Silver Creek Pharmaceuticals















































Join Us











Join Us







                                                                    Yan Zhang                                                            









Yan Zhang received her medical degree from Sun Yat-Sen University of Medical Sciences, Guangzhou China and her PhD from the Chinese University of Hong Kong in 2005. Prior to joining Silver Creek she conducted postdoctoral research at the University of California, San Francisco, where she performed stem cell translational research, animal surgeries, and echocardiographic examinations. Since joining Silver Creek, she has been responsible for studying the activity of our molecules in vivo.
 
 



About UsSilver Creek is developing novel regenerative medicines with an initial focus on treating cardiovascular disease. The seed for Silver Creek's approach was based on insights from work at Merrimack Pharmaceuticals in the field of oncology: at the systems level, tumor cells and cardiomyocytes share very similar mechanisms of survival during stress; however, the cardiomyocytes are not as resilient.
Read More »  Latest News 

Silver Creek Pharmaceuticals Awarded NIH SBIR Grant for Smart Growth Factor Technology


Silver Creek and Genentech co-chairing conference session on Systems Pharmacology


Silver Creek to Present at 13th annual BIO Investor Forum


Silver Creek presenting research at American Heart Association meeting


Silver Creek presenting at BioIT 2014


 





Get Involved
We're looking for creative, team-oriented, and resourceful individuals with a passion for innovation to join our growing multidisciplinary team. You will have the opportunity to make an immediate impact.
Contact Us











 John Mulroy - Silver Creek Pharmaceuticals















































Join Us











Join Us







                                                                    John Mulroy                                                            









John is responsible for business operations and finance activities. He earned his MBA from Bentley University where he
also served as an athletic administrator, responsible for operations and management of the university’s fitness and
recreation programs. John also has assisted in business operations of St. John’s Seminary in Boston, where he supported the Director of Finance to achieve more efficient operations.



About UsSilver Creek is developing novel regenerative medicines with an initial focus on treating cardiovascular disease. The seed for Silver Creek's approach was based on insights from work at Merrimack Pharmaceuticals in the field of oncology: at the systems level, tumor cells and cardiomyocytes share very similar mechanisms of survival during stress; however, the cardiomyocytes are not as resilient.
Read More »  Latest News 

Silver Creek Pharmaceuticals Awarded NIH SBIR Grant for Smart Growth Factor Technology


Silver Creek and Genentech co-chairing conference session on Systems Pharmacology


Silver Creek to Present at 13th annual BIO Investor Forum


Silver Creek presenting research at American Heart Association meeting


Silver Creek presenting at BioIT 2014


 





Get Involved
We're looking for creative, team-oriented, and resourceful individuals with a passion for innovation to join our growing multidisciplinary team. You will have the opportunity to make an immediate impact.
Contact Us











 Contact - Silver Creek Pharmaceuticals














































Join Us











Join Us







                                                                    Contact                                                            








Mailing address
409 Illinois St
San Francisco, CA 94158
Phone: 415-978-2178
Fax: 415-978-1930
 
For additional information, please email us using the form below.

Name*OrganizationEmail*

Message*

  










This iframe contains the logic required to handle AJAX powered Gravity Forms.




About UsSilver Creek is developing novel regenerative medicines with an initial focus on treating cardiovascular disease. The seed for Silver Creek's approach was based on insights from work at Merrimack Pharmaceuticals in the field of oncology: at the systems level, tumor cells and cardiomyocytes share very similar mechanisms of survival during stress; however, the cardiomyocytes are not as resilient.
Read More »  Latest News 

Silver Creek Pharmaceuticals Awarded NIH SBIR Grant for Smart Growth Factor Technology


Silver Creek and Genentech co-chairing conference session on Systems Pharmacology


Silver Creek to Present at 13th annual BIO Investor Forum


Silver Creek presenting research at American Heart Association meeting


Silver Creek presenting at BioIT 2014


 





Get Involved
We're looking for creative, team-oriented, and resourceful individuals with a passion for innovation to join our growing multidisciplinary team. You will have the opportunity to make an immediate impact.
Contact Us











 Home - Silver Creek Pharmaceuticals












































Join Us











Join Us










Engineering a new class of regenerative medicines to repair the heart
Coronary heart disease is the single biggest killer in the United States, yet there are no available therapies to protect or repair heart tissue following a heart attack. Silver Creek is pioneering an entirely new category of protein therapies that can promote resilience and regeneration of heart cells. In the future our SGF technology will be applied to other areas in need of regenerative medicines such as kidney disease and neurological disorders. 
Our Approach








News & Events



Silver Creek Pharmaceuticals Awarded NIH SBIR Grant for Smart Growth Factor Technology
Proceeds from the award will be used to advance novel “Smart Growth Factors” toward clinical development San Francisco, Calif. – […]


Posted on May 5, 2015






Silver Creek and Genentech co-chairing conference session on Systems Pharmacology
Matt Onsum  and Saroja Ramanujan (Genentech) will be co-chairing a session on Quantitative Systems Pharmacology in Cardiovascular Disease at the 5th […]


Posted on September 17, 2014






Silver Creek to Present at 13th annual BIO Investor Forum
Silver Creek Pharmaceuticals is scheduled to present at the 13th annual BIO Investor Forum on October 7th at 2 p.m. (PT) […]


Posted on September 17, 2014







The need for better therapies
Coronary heart disease is the single biggest killer in the  United States, yet current therapy are unable to significantly protect or regenerate the damaged heart tissue following a heart attack


1 in 5 Deaths
are caused by hear disease. Heart disease is the number 1 leading cause of death in the US.



Many at Risk
About half the US population has one of the primary risk factors for heart.



0 therapies repair damaged hearts
Current therapies only manage the symptoms of heart disease. Our goal is create therapies that enhance the body's healing response and repair damaged tissue





Our Approach: Computer simulations potentiate the design of regenerative medicines
Computational modeling guided the design of our first generation molecules which have achieved proof of concept in repairing damaged heart tissue following a heart attack in animals.  Click diagram to learn more.
 
 



Our Team

Board of Directors
Scientific Advisory Board






Ross Breckenridge
President and CEO
Full Bio





Ulrik B. Nielsen

Full Bio





James D. Marks

Full Bio

 



Thomas Murtagh

Full Bio





Michael C. Fairbanks

Full Bio





Birgit Schoeberl

Full Bio

 





Ulrik B. Nielsen

Full Bio





James D. Marks

Full Bio





Sean Wu

Full Bio

 



Benoit G. Bruneau

Full Bio





Peter Zandstra

Full Bio







Get Involved
We're looking for creative, team-oriented, and resourceful individuals with a passion for innovation to join our growing multidisciplinary team. You will have the opportunity to make an immediate impact.
Contact Us









	Silver Creek Pharmaceuticals Inc. - Company Profile - BioCentury




























































Publications
archives
BCIQ
Conferences
version 4.3.15.600





Free Trial / Subscribe


SIGN IN



English
简体中文
日本語
한국어







Biocentury





Menu





                                        Home
                                        
+




                                        Publications
                                        
+



Publications Home >


BioCentury>


BC Innovations>


BC Extra>


BC Week In Review>


Current Issues>




Archives 
                                        
+



Archives Home >


Basic Search>


Advanced Search>


Back Issues>




BCIQ
                                        
+



BCIQ Home >


Overview>


Pipeline Analyst>


Financial Analyst>


Company Analyst>


Deal Analyst>




Conferences 
                                        
+




Conferences Home >


Newsmakers


Bio€quity Europe


Future Leaders


China Healthcare Summit


Other Industry Events





eLearning 
                                        
+



eLearning Home >


Videos>


White Papers>


                                            Follow Us
                                            


























BCIQ / Company Profile


BCIQ Overview   |    
                        Settings   |   
                        Support















Biocentury



Print this                                                    
                        
















                         
                            

    

    

    
                         
                        



                            Silver Creek Pharmaceuticals Inc.
                        









print preview


export


bookmark


share with colleague





















General Information
                    






 Location

San Francisco, Calif.


 Region

San Francisco Bay Area


 Country

U.S.


 Business Category

Cardiovascular


 Year Founded

2010


 Website

http://www.silvercreekpharma.com



 Lead Product Status

Preclinical






















 Archive Items are loading
                            













 Financial Information
                        






 Financing
                                                Summary







 Financing Details







 Earnings
                                    Summary
                                






 Stocks Annual Chart
                                





















 Pipeline Information
                        






 Pipeline
                                                Summary







 Pipeline Details




















 Deals Information
                        






 Deals
                                                Summary







 Deals Details






















About Biocentury


Company Overview


Management


Editorial & Research




Contact


Contact Us


Advertising & Sponsorship


Career Opportunities




Support


Forgot Password


Customer Service


Reprints


FAQs




Products & Solutions


Products Overview


Publications


Archives


BCIQ


Conferences


eLearning


RSS Feeds




Legal


User Agreement


Terms of Use


Privacy Policy


Your California Privacy Rights


Use of Images

Follow Us
                            











What is BioCentury?
BioCentury employs a fully integrated multimedia platform — including publications, video, online data solutions and conferences — to provide its audience with authoritative and up-to-date intelligence about corporate strategy, partnering, emerging technology, clinical data, public policy and the financial markets.

Sign in
Free Trial












© 2017 BioCentury Inc. All Rights Reserved.
     
                        Terms & Conditions
                          |  
                        Privacy Policy











Set Email Alert






dummy
































 



 Silver Creek Pharmaceuticals Awarded NIH SBIR Grant for Smart Growth Factor Technology 
         










    










 






 











 









Silver Creek Pharmaceuticals Awarded NIH SBIR Grant for Smart Growth Factor Technology

		  Proceeds from the award will be used to advance novel "Smart Growth Factors" toward clinical development
		

May 05, 2015, 14:50 ET
		  		  					
						 from   Silver Creek Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 











 
















































 

 




















 


SAN FRANCISCO, May 5, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Silver Creek Pharmaceuticals, Inc. announced today the award of a Small Business Innovation Research (SBIR) grant from the National Institute of Health (NIH). 
Silver Creek is a San Francisco based biotechnology company that discovers and develops targeted protein therapeutics to selectively repair tissues damaged by disease. This award will be used to advance their proprietary protein therapeutics engineered to repair heart tissue following a heart attack.
Silver Creek's Smart Growth Factors (SGFs) are designed to selectively activate growth factor receptors in tissues damaged by disease, resulting in highly localized therapeutic benefits while also avoiding undesirable side effects. The therapeutics are currently in preclinical development to study their effects in regenerating tissues damaged by heart and kidney disease.  "While growth factors have long been known to activate tissue repair mechanisms in preclinical research, growth factor-based therapies have been fundamentally limited by their short circulation time and off-target effects," said Matt Onsum, President and CEO of Silver Creek Pharmaceuticals. "Silver Creek's Smart Growth Factor technology has demonstrated sustained and local activation of growth factor mediated repair mechanisms in preclinical research.  Silver Creek's technology holds great promise for unlocking the potential of growth factors as therapeutics, including treatment of devastating diseases such as heart and kidney disease. We are pleased that this grant from the NIH will help us further develop therapeutic solutions for patients in these indications."
About Silver Creek Pharmaceuticals Silver Creek is pioneering a new class of medicines (Smart Growth FactorsTM) to repair and regenerate functional tissues. These molecules are designed to promote resilience and regeneration of damaged tissues after acute or chronic injury.  Growth factor therapies have historically been hindered by short half-lives and off-target effects.  Silver Creek uses computational design and systems modeling to engineer therapeutics that improve tissue specificity and prolong activation. This approach has enabled the Company's SGFs to potently act at the site of damage with minimal impact on healthy cells in preclinical research. Silver Creek's initial focus is in developing treatments for heart and kidney disease. Silver Creek was spun out from Merrimack Pharmaceuticals, Inc. in 2010.
 
 SOURCE  Silver Creek Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  




  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  











Sep 16, 2015, 17:18 ET
Preview: Silver Creek Pharmaceuticals Appoints Dr. Ross Breckenridge to Board of Directors






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 


Silver Creek Pharmaceuticals, Inc. | Global Research Projects


















Skip to main content 

















                Global Health Sciences: Global Research Projects 

Powered by CTSI


Mobile Navigation



Search form

Search







Home
LocationsWorld
AfricaEastern AfricaBurundi
Comoros
Djibouti
Eritrea
Ethiopia
Kenya
Madagascar
Malawi
Mauritius
Mozambique
Rwanda
Seychelles
Somalia
South Sudan
Uganda
Tanzania
Zambia
Zimbabwe

Middle AfricaAngola
Cameroon
Central African Republic
Chad
Congo (Kinshasa)
Congo (Brazzaville)
Equatorial Guinea
Gabon
Sao Tome and Principe

Northern AfricaAlgeria
Egypt
Libya
Morocco
Sudan
Tunisia
Western Sahara

Southern AfricaBotswana
Lesotho
Namibia
South Africa
Swaziland

Western AfricaBenin
Burkina Faso
Cape Verde
Ivory Coast
Gambia
Ghana
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Liberia
Mali
Mauritania
Niger
Nigeria
Senegal
Sierra Leone
Togo


AsiaCentral AsiaKazakhstan
Kyrgyzstan
Tajikistan
Turkmenistan
Uzbekistan

Eastern AsiaChina
Hong Kong S.A.R., China
North Korea
South Korea
Japan
Macao S.A.R., China
Mongolia

Southern AsiaAfghanistan
Bangladesh
Bhutan
India
Iran
Maldives
Nepal
Pakistan
Sri Lanka

South-Eastern AsiaBrunei
Cambodia
Indonesia
Viet Nam
Laos
Malaysia
Myanmar
Singapore
Thailand
Timor-Leste
Philippines

Western AsiaArmenia
Azerbaijan
Bahrain
Cyprus
Georgia
Iraq
Israel
Jordan
Kuwait
Lebanon
Oman
Palestinian Territory
Qatar
Saudi Arabia
Syria
Turkey
United Arab Emirates
Yemen


EuropeAlbania
Andorra
Austria
Belarus
Belgium
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Bulgaria
Croatia
Czech Republic
Denmark
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Greece
Hungary
Iceland
Ireland
Italy
Jersey
Kosovo
Latvia
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macedonia
Malta
Moldova
Monaco
Montenegro
Netherlands
Norway
Poland
Portugal
Romania
Russia
San Marino
Serbia
Slovakia
Slovenia
Spain
Sweden
Switzerland
Ukraine
United Kingdom

Latin America and the CaribbeanCentral AmericaBelize
Costa Rica
El Salvador
Guatemala
Honduras
Mexico
Nicaragua
Panama

South AmericaArgentina
Bolivia
Brazil
Chile
Colombia
Ecuador
French Guiana
Guyana
Paraguay
Peru
Suriname
Uruguay
Venezuela

CaribbeanAnguilla
Turks and Caicos Islands
Antigua and Barbuda
Aruba
Bahamas
Barbados
Cayman Islands
Cuba
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Haiti
Jamaica
Martinique
Puerto Rico
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Trinidad and Tobago


Northern AmericaBermuda
Canada
Greenland
United StatesU.S. Virgin Islands


OceaniaAmerican Samoa
Northern Mariana Islands
Australia
Cook Islands
Guam
French Polynesia
Fiji
Kiribati
Marshall Islands
Micronesia
Nauru
New Zealand
Niue
Palau
Papua New Guinea
Samoa
Solomon Islands
Tokelau
Tonga
Tuvalu
Vanuatu


TopicsInfectious DiseaseSexually Transmitted Infections (STIs)
Zoonosis, Emerging Disease, and Drug Resistance
Neglected Tropical Diseases (NTDs)

HIV/AIDSOpportunistic Infection

Tuberculosis
Malaria
Noncommunicable and/or Chronic DiseaseSurgery and Anesthesia
Cancer/Oncology
Cardiovascular Disease
Chronic Respiratory Disease
Diabetes
Occupational and Environmental Disease
Diet, Exercise, and Obesity
Malnutrition, Micronutrients, Food Insecurity

Eye Disease and Blindness
Oral Health
Drug and Diagnostics DevelopmentImmunology
Genetics

Pharmacology and Drug Treatment
Neurology and Mental HealthDementia and Cognitive Impairment
Trauma and PTSD

Women's HealthAging
Labor and Delivery
Family Planning

PediatricsNewborn and Infant Health
Adolescent Health

Health Economics and PolicyAccess or Barriers to Care
Immigration and Migration
Stigma and Discrimination
Smoking and Tobacco
International Health Policy
Systematic Reviews and Guideline Development

Epidemiology and SurveillanceTriangulation
Global Strategic Information

Implementation and Behavioral ScienceEngagement in Care
Substance Abuse
Treatment Adherence
Health Systems Strengthening
Risk Reduction and Prevention

Training and Capacity BuildingTraining International Scholars and Clinicians
Residencies, Fellowships, and Postdoctoral Training
UCSF Professional Education
Patient and Peer Education


OrganizationsFeatured Programs
M_MED-ADMIN-VAMC
M_MED-GERI-CORE
M_Surg-Central Admin-ZSFG
N_CHS-Administration
N_Physiological Nursing
Global Health Sciences (GHS)GHS: Global Health Group
Prevention and Public Health Group (PPHG)
GHS: Global Health Education
GHS Office of the Executive Director
Global Health Sciences Faculty Affiliate
UCSF Preterm Birth Initiative (PTBi)

School of MedicineCenter for Health Professions
Department of Radiation Oncology
Department of Anatomy
Department of Anesthesia and Perioperative Care
Department of Anthropology, History, and Social Medicine (DAHSM)
Department of Biochemistry and Biophysics
Department of Bioengineering and Therapeutic Sciences (BTS)
Department of Cellular and Molecular Pharmacology
Department of Dermatology
Department of Epidemiology and Biostatistics
Department of Emergency Medicine
Department of Family and Community MedicineHIV/AIDS Consultation Center
National HIV/AIDS Clinician's Consultation Center
Pacific AIDS Education and Training Center (PAETC)

Department of Microbiology and Immunology
Department of Laboratory Medicine
Department of MedicineCenter for AIDS Research (CFAR)
Center for HIV Information (CHI)
Division of Cardiology
Division of Experimental Medicine
Division of Gastroenterology
Division of General Internal Medicine
Division of Hematology and Medical Oncology
Division of HIV/AIDS
Division of Hospital Medicine
Division of Infectious Disease
Division of Nephrology
Division of Occupational and Environmental Medicine
Division of Pulmonary, Critical Care, Allergy, and Sleep Medicine
Division of Rheumatology
Lung Biology Center (LBC)
Prevention Science (formerly the Center for AIDS Prevention Studies or CAPS)

Department of NeurologyALS Center
Neonatal Brain Disorders Laboratory
Memory and Aging Center
Epilepsy Research Lab
Immunogenetics Laboratory
Neurocritical Care and Stroke Research

Department of Neurological Surgery
Department of Obstetrics, Gynecology, and Reproductive SciencesBixby Center for Global Reproductive Health
Center for Reproductive Health
Center for Reproductive Sciences
Division of General Gynecology
Division of Gynecologic Oncology
Division of Maternal-Fetal Medicine
Program on Reproductive Health and the Environment
Women's Health Clinical Research Center

Department of Ophthalmology
Department of Orthopaedic Surgery
Department of Otolaryngology
Department of Pathology
Department of PediatricsDivision of Allergy, Immunology, and Blood and Marrow Transplant
Division of Endocrinology
Division of Gastroenterology (GI), Hepatology and Nutrition
Division of Adolescent Medicine
Division of Pediatric Critical Care
Division of Pediatric Hemotology/Oncology
Division of Pediatric Nephrology
Division of Pediatric Neurology
Division of Pediatric Infectious Disease
Division of Pediatric Medical Genetics
Division of Pediatric Rheumatology
Division of Neonatology

Department of Physiology
Department of PsychiatryInfant, Child, and Adolescent Psychiatry (ICAP)
Langley Porter Psychiatric Institute
Alliance Health Project

Department of Radiology and Biomedical Imaging
Department of SurgeryDivision of General Surgery
Division of Transplant Surgery

Department of Urology
Cardiovascular Research Institute (CVRI)
Fresno Medical Education Program
Institute for Neurodegenerative Diseases (IND)
Institute for Health Policy Studies (IHPS)
George Williams Hooper Foundation

School of NursingInstitute for Health and Aging (IHA)
Department of Family Health Care Nursing
Department of Physiological Nursing
Department of Social and Behavioral Sciences
Department of Community Health Systems

School of DentistryDepartment of Cell and Tissue Biology (CTB)
Department of Oral and Maxillofacial Surgery
Department of Orofacial Sciences
Department of Preventive and Restorative Dental Sciences

School of PharmacyDepartment of Clinical Pharmacy
Department of Pharmaceutical Chemistry
California Poison Control System

Graduate Division
Cross-Campus OrganizationsCardiovascular Research Institute (CVRI)
Institute for Neurodegenerative Diseases (IND)
Osher Center for Integrative Medicine
George Williams Hooper Foundation
Office of the Executive Vice Chancellor
Center for Health and Community
AIDS Research Institute
California Institute for Quantitative Biosciences (QB3)
Clinical and Translational Science Institute (CTSI)
Center for Discovery and Innovation in Parasitic Disease (CDIPD)
Curry International Tuberculosis Center
Diabetes Center
Eli and Edythe Broad Center of Regeneration Medicine and Stem Cell Research
Francis I. Proctor Foundation for Research in Ophthalmology
Helen Diller Family Comprehensive Cancer Center
Osher Center for Integrative Medicine
Philip R. Lee Institute for Health Policy Studies
Institute for Human Genetics


InvestigatorsInvestigators by Name
Investigators by Location
Investigators by Topic

Interactive Map
About UsContact Us








You are hereHome » Sponsors » Silver Creek Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 


Silver Creek Pharmaceuticals, Inc.


  
  


Archived Projects


1 Archived Projects 




Title 

Investigator 

Start 

End 





Development of Human mAbs to Target Cardiomyocytes and Cardiac Fibroblasts 

            Zhou          

11/1/11 

6/30/13 



 



























Sponsors | Global Research Projects




















Skip to main content 

















                Global Health Sciences: Global Research Projects 

Powered by CTSI


Mobile Navigation



Search form

Search







Home
LocationsWorld
AfricaEastern AfricaBurundi
Comoros
Djibouti
Eritrea
Ethiopia
Kenya
Madagascar
Malawi
Mauritius
Mozambique
Rwanda
Seychelles
Somalia
South Sudan
Uganda
Tanzania
Zambia
Zimbabwe

Middle AfricaAngola
Cameroon
Central African Republic
Chad
Congo (Kinshasa)
Congo (Brazzaville)
Equatorial Guinea
Gabon
Sao Tome and Principe

Northern AfricaAlgeria
Egypt
Libya
Morocco
Sudan
Tunisia
Western Sahara

Southern AfricaBotswana
Lesotho
Namibia
South Africa
Swaziland

Western AfricaBenin
Burkina Faso
Cape Verde
Ivory Coast
Gambia
Ghana
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Liberia
Mali
Mauritania
Niger
Nigeria
Senegal
Sierra Leone
Togo


AsiaCentral AsiaKazakhstan
Kyrgyzstan
Tajikistan
Turkmenistan
Uzbekistan

Eastern AsiaChina
Hong Kong S.A.R., China
North Korea
South Korea
Japan
Macao S.A.R., China
Mongolia

Southern AsiaAfghanistan
Bangladesh
Bhutan
India
Iran
Maldives
Nepal
Pakistan
Sri Lanka

South-Eastern AsiaBrunei
Cambodia
Indonesia
Viet Nam
Laos
Malaysia
Myanmar
Singapore
Thailand
Timor-Leste
Philippines

Western AsiaArmenia
Azerbaijan
Bahrain
Cyprus
Georgia
Iraq
Israel
Jordan
Kuwait
Lebanon
Oman
Palestinian Territory
Qatar
Saudi Arabia
Syria
Turkey
United Arab Emirates
Yemen


EuropeAlbania
Andorra
Austria
Belarus
Belgium
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Bulgaria
Croatia
Czech Republic
Denmark
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Greece
Hungary
Iceland
Ireland
Italy
Jersey
Kosovo
Latvia
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macedonia
Malta
Moldova
Monaco
Montenegro
Netherlands
Norway
Poland
Portugal
Romania
Russia
San Marino
Serbia
Slovakia
Slovenia
Spain
Sweden
Switzerland
Ukraine
United Kingdom

Latin America and the CaribbeanCentral AmericaBelize
Costa Rica
El Salvador
Guatemala
Honduras
Mexico
Nicaragua
Panama

South AmericaArgentina
Bolivia
Brazil
Chile
Colombia
Ecuador
French Guiana
Guyana
Paraguay
Peru
Suriname
Uruguay
Venezuela

CaribbeanAnguilla
Turks and Caicos Islands
Antigua and Barbuda
Aruba
Bahamas
Barbados
Cayman Islands
Cuba
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Haiti
Jamaica
Martinique
Puerto Rico
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Trinidad and Tobago


Northern AmericaBermuda
Canada
Greenland
United StatesU.S. Virgin Islands


OceaniaAmerican Samoa
Northern Mariana Islands
Australia
Cook Islands
Guam
French Polynesia
Fiji
Kiribati
Marshall Islands
Micronesia
Nauru
New Zealand
Niue
Palau
Papua New Guinea
Samoa
Solomon Islands
Tokelau
Tonga
Tuvalu
Vanuatu


TopicsInfectious DiseaseSexually Transmitted Infections (STIs)
Zoonosis, Emerging Disease, and Drug Resistance
Neglected Tropical Diseases (NTDs)

HIV/AIDSOpportunistic Infection

Tuberculosis
Malaria
Noncommunicable and/or Chronic DiseaseSurgery and Anesthesia
Cancer/Oncology
Cardiovascular Disease
Chronic Respiratory Disease
Diabetes
Occupational and Environmental Disease
Diet, Exercise, and Obesity
Malnutrition, Micronutrients, Food Insecurity

Eye Disease and Blindness
Oral Health
Drug and Diagnostics DevelopmentImmunology
Genetics

Pharmacology and Drug Treatment
Neurology and Mental HealthDementia and Cognitive Impairment
Trauma and PTSD

Women's HealthAging
Labor and Delivery
Family Planning

PediatricsNewborn and Infant Health
Adolescent Health

Health Economics and PolicyAccess or Barriers to Care
Immigration and Migration
Stigma and Discrimination
Smoking and Tobacco
International Health Policy
Systematic Reviews and Guideline Development

Epidemiology and SurveillanceTriangulation
Global Strategic Information

Implementation and Behavioral ScienceEngagement in Care
Substance Abuse
Treatment Adherence
Health Systems Strengthening
Risk Reduction and Prevention

Training and Capacity BuildingTraining International Scholars and Clinicians
Residencies, Fellowships, and Postdoctoral Training
UCSF Professional Education
Patient and Peer Education


OrganizationsFeatured Programs
M_MED-ADMIN-VAMC
M_MED-GERI-CORE
M_Surg-Central Admin-ZSFG
N_CHS-Administration
N_Physiological Nursing
Global Health Sciences (GHS)GHS: Global Health Group
Prevention and Public Health Group (PPHG)
GHS: Global Health Education
GHS Office of the Executive Director
Global Health Sciences Faculty Affiliate
UCSF Preterm Birth Initiative (PTBi)

School of MedicineCenter for Health Professions
Department of Radiation Oncology
Department of Anatomy
Department of Anesthesia and Perioperative Care
Department of Anthropology, History, and Social Medicine (DAHSM)
Department of Biochemistry and Biophysics
Department of Bioengineering and Therapeutic Sciences (BTS)
Department of Cellular and Molecular Pharmacology
Department of Dermatology
Department of Epidemiology and Biostatistics
Department of Emergency Medicine
Department of Family and Community MedicineHIV/AIDS Consultation Center
National HIV/AIDS Clinician's Consultation Center
Pacific AIDS Education and Training Center (PAETC)

Department of Microbiology and Immunology
Department of Laboratory Medicine
Department of MedicineCenter for AIDS Research (CFAR)
Center for HIV Information (CHI)
Division of Cardiology
Division of Experimental Medicine
Division of Gastroenterology
Division of General Internal Medicine
Division of Hematology and Medical Oncology
Division of HIV/AIDS
Division of Hospital Medicine
Division of Infectious Disease
Division of Nephrology
Division of Occupational and Environmental Medicine
Division of Pulmonary, Critical Care, Allergy, and Sleep Medicine
Division of Rheumatology
Lung Biology Center (LBC)
Prevention Science (formerly the Center for AIDS Prevention Studies or CAPS)

Department of NeurologyALS Center
Neonatal Brain Disorders Laboratory
Memory and Aging Center
Epilepsy Research Lab
Immunogenetics Laboratory
Neurocritical Care and Stroke Research

Department of Neurological Surgery
Department of Obstetrics, Gynecology, and Reproductive SciencesBixby Center for Global Reproductive Health
Center for Reproductive Health
Center for Reproductive Sciences
Division of General Gynecology
Division of Gynecologic Oncology
Division of Maternal-Fetal Medicine
Program on Reproductive Health and the Environment
Women's Health Clinical Research Center

Department of Ophthalmology
Department of Orthopaedic Surgery
Department of Otolaryngology
Department of Pathology
Department of PediatricsDivision of Allergy, Immunology, and Blood and Marrow Transplant
Division of Endocrinology
Division of Gastroenterology (GI), Hepatology and Nutrition
Division of Adolescent Medicine
Division of Pediatric Critical Care
Division of Pediatric Hemotology/Oncology
Division of Pediatric Nephrology
Division of Pediatric Neurology
Division of Pediatric Infectious Disease
Division of Pediatric Medical Genetics
Division of Pediatric Rheumatology
Division of Neonatology

Department of Physiology
Department of PsychiatryInfant, Child, and Adolescent Psychiatry (ICAP)
Langley Porter Psychiatric Institute
Alliance Health Project

Department of Radiology and Biomedical Imaging
Department of SurgeryDivision of General Surgery
Division of Transplant Surgery

Department of Urology
Cardiovascular Research Institute (CVRI)
Fresno Medical Education Program
Institute for Neurodegenerative Diseases (IND)
Institute for Health Policy Studies (IHPS)
George Williams Hooper Foundation

School of NursingInstitute for Health and Aging (IHA)
Department of Family Health Care Nursing
Department of Physiological Nursing
Department of Social and Behavioral Sciences
Department of Community Health Systems

School of DentistryDepartment of Cell and Tissue Biology (CTB)
Department of Oral and Maxillofacial Surgery
Department of Orofacial Sciences
Department of Preventive and Restorative Dental Sciences

School of PharmacyDepartment of Clinical Pharmacy
Department of Pharmaceutical Chemistry
California Poison Control System

Graduate Division
Cross-Campus OrganizationsCardiovascular Research Institute (CVRI)
Institute for Neurodegenerative Diseases (IND)
Osher Center for Integrative Medicine
George Williams Hooper Foundation
Office of the Executive Vice Chancellor
Center for Health and Community
AIDS Research Institute
California Institute for Quantitative Biosciences (QB3)
Clinical and Translational Science Institute (CTSI)
Center for Discovery and Innovation in Parasitic Disease (CDIPD)
Curry International Tuberculosis Center
Diabetes Center
Eli and Edythe Broad Center of Regeneration Medicine and Stem Cell Research
Francis I. Proctor Foundation for Research in Ophthalmology
Helen Diller Family Comprehensive Cancer Center
Osher Center for Integrative Medicine
Philip R. Lee Institute for Health Policy Studies
Institute for Human Genetics


InvestigatorsInvestigators by Name
Investigators by Location
Investigators by Topic

Interactive Map
About UsContact Us








You are hereHome » Sponsors 






Sponsors


 






- Please select -  
          3M Company    
          A. P. Giannini Foundation    
          A.L. Mailman Family Foundation    
          Abbott Fund    
          Abbott Laboratories    
          AbbVie Inc.    
          Abratech Corporation    
          Abt Associates, Inc.    
          Academic Pediatric Association, Inc.    
          Accelere    
          Actelion Pharmaceuticals US, Inc    
          Acteon Group    
          Adamas Pharmaceuticals, Inc    
          ADMA Biologics, Inc.    
          Advanced Genetic Systems, Inc.    
          Aerovance, Inc    
          Aetna Foundation, Inc.    
          Aga Khan University    
          Aga Khan University Foundation    
          Agilent Technologies    
          Agios Pharmaceuticals    
          AIDS Support Organization, The    
          AIOD-Association International l'Osteosynthese Dynamique    
          Alameda County Health Care Services Agency    
          Alaska Native Tribal Health Consortium    
          Albert Einstein College of Medicine    
          Alcon, Inc.    
          Alere San Diego, Inc.    
          Alex's Lemonade Stand Foundation    
          Alexander M. and June L. Maisin Fdn.    
          Alfred P. Sloan Foundation    
          Alfred P. Sloan Foundation, The    
          Algeta ASA    
          Allen/Loeb Associates    
          Allergan Inc.    
          Allergan Sales LLC    
          Alliance for Clinical Trials in Oncology Foundation    
          Alliance for Lupus Research    
          Alliance Foundation Trials, LLC    
          Alphatec Spine, Inc.    
          ALS Association    
          Altum, Inc    
          Alzheimer Drug Discovery Foundation    
          Alzheimer's Association, Inc.    
          Amarillo Biosciences, Inc.    
          Amer College of Medical Toxicology Inc    
          Amer Thrombosis and Hemostasis Network, Inc.    
          American Acad of Hospice &Palliative Med    
          American Academy of Addiction Psychiatry    
          American Academy of Dermatology    
          American Academy of Neurology    
          American Academy of Neurology Foundation    
          American Academy of Pediatrics    
          American Assn of Immunologists Inc    
          American Association for Cancer Research    
          American Association for Study of Liver Disease    
          American Cancer Society, Inc.    
          American Civil Liberties Union of Northern California    
          American College of Clinical Pharmacy    
          American Diabetes Association, Inc.    
          American Fdn for Suicide Prevention    
          American Federation for Aging Research    
          American Foundation for AIDS Research (AmFAR)    
          American Gastroenterological Association    
          American Heart Association (National Office)    
          American Heart Association. (Western States)    
          American Honda Foundation    
          American Institute of Ultrasound in Medicine    
          American International Health Alliance (AIHA)    
          American Legacy Foundation    
          American Lung Association    
          American Medical Systems, Inc.    
          American Nurses Foundation    
          American Psychiatric Association    
          American Skin Association    
          American Society for Gastrointestinal Endoscopy    
          American Society for Reproductive Medicine    
          American Society of Hematology, The    
          American Society of Tropical Medicine and Hygiene    
          American Sociological Association, The    
          American Thoracic Society    
          American Type Culture Collection (ATCC)    
          Amgen Foundation, Inc.    
          Amgen, Inc.    
          Anacor Pharmaceuticals, Inc.    
          Analysis Group, Inc    
          Annie E. Casey Foundation    
          Antwerp University Hospital    
          Apnex Medical, Inc.    
          Applied StemCell, Inc.    
          Apricity Therapeutics, Inc.    
          APT Therapeutics, Inc    
          Ara Parseghian Medical Research Foundation    
          Aradigm Corporation    
          Aragon Pharmaceuticals, Inc.    
          Aravind Eye Care System, India    
          Araxes Pharma LLC    
          Arbor Research Collaborative for Health    
          Arbor Vita Corporation    
          Archer Biosciences, Inc.    
          Archstone Foundation    
          Ardent Foundation    
          ARK Diagnostics, Incorporated    
          Arnold P. Gold Foundation, The    
          Arteaus Therapeutics, LLC    
          Arthritis Foundation    
          Arthritis Foundation, Northern California Chapter    
          ASCO Conquer Cancer Foundation    
          Asian Health Services    
          Aspreva Pharmaceuticals Corporation    
          Aspreva Pharmaceuticals Corporation    
          Assessment of Spondyloarthritis Intl Soc    
          Assn of Teachers of Preventive Medicine    
          Association of American Medical Colleges    
          Association of Maternal and Child Health Programs    
          Association of Professors of Gynecology and Obstetrics    
          Associationn of Occupational and Environmental Clinics    
          Astellas Pharma, Inc.    
          AstraZeneca    
          AstraZeneca LP    
          Atlantic Philanthropies    
          Atlas Family Foundation    
          Aura Biosciences, Inc.    
          Aurum Institute, The    
          Australian National University    
          Autism Speaks    
          AutoGenomics, Inc.    
          Avid Radiopharmaceuticals, Inc.    
          Avon Foundation for Women    
          Avon Products, Inc.    
          Axios Foundation, Inc.    
          Bachmann-Strauss Dystonia &Parkinson Fdn    
          Barcelona Institute for Global Health    
          BASF Corporation    
          Battelle Memorial Institute    
          Baxter Healthcare Corporation    
          Bayer AG    
          Bayer HealthCare Pharmaceuticals, Inc    
          Baylor College of Medicine    
          Becton, Dickinson and Company    
          Becton, Dickinson, and Company    
          Bell Biosystems, Inc.    
          Benaroya Research Inst at Virginia Mason    
          Berkeley Policy Associates    
          Bernard Osher Foundation, The    
          Bertelsmann Foundation    
          Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center    
          Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation    
          Bind Therapeutics, Inc    
          Binding Site, Inc.    
          Bio Products Laboratory, Ltd.    
          Bio-Rad Laboratories, Inc    
          Biodefense and Emerging Infections Research Resources Repository (BEI Resources)    
          Biogen Idec, Inc.    
          Biohaven Pharmaceutical Holding Co Ltd    
          BioMarin Pharmaceutical, Inc.    
          Bioniks    
          Biosense Webster, Inc., a Johnson & J Co    
          Biotest Pharmaceuticals Corporation    
          BiPar Sciences, Inc.    
          Blade Therapeutics, Inc    
          Blood Systems Research Institute    
          Blue Shield of California Foundation    
          Bluefield Project to Cure Frontotemporal Dementia (FTD)    
          Blumio, Inc    
          Boehringer Ingleheim    
          Booz, Allen & Hamilton, Inc.    
          Boston Children's Hospital    
          Boston Heart Diagnostics Corporation    
          Boston Medical Center Corporation    
          Boston Scientific Corporation    
          Boston Scientific Foundation    
          Boston University    
          Brain and Behavior Research Foundation    
          Brain Research Foundation    
          Brandeis University    
          Bravewell Collaborative    
          Breast Cancer Research Foundation    
          Breast Cancer Research Foundation, The    
          Brigham and Women's Hospital    
          BrightFocus Foundation    
          Bristol-Myers Squibb Company    
          Broad Institute    
          Brocher Foundation    
          Bronx Veterans Medical Research Foundation    
          Brown University    
          Buck Institute for Age Research    
          Burroughs Wellcome Fund    
          C2N Diagnostics, LLC    
          Cakalo and Cakalo d.o.o.    
          Calfornia Health and Welfare, Alcohol and Drug Programs    
          CALIF Board of Registered Nursing    
          CALIF Department of Conservation    
          CALIF Emergency Med Svcs Authority    
          CALIF H&W Dept of Public Health    
          CALIF H&W Statewide Hlth Planning & Dev    
          CALIF Transportation Commission    
          California Advanced Primary Care Institute    
          California Breast Cancer Research Program    
          California Community Foundation    
          California Dental Association Foundation    
          California Department of Education    
          California Department of Health Care Services    
          California Department of Public Health    
          California Deptartment of Industrial Relations    
          California Employment Development Department    
          California Endowment    
          California Environmental Protection Agency, Air Resources Board    
          California Environmental Protection Agency, Department of Pesticide Regulation    
          California Environmental Protection Agency, Environmental Health Hazard Assessment    
          California Family Health Council, Inc.    
          California Food Policy Advocates, Inc    
          California Health and Welfare, Statewide Health Planning and Development    
          California Health Collaborative    
          California HealthCare Foundation    
          California HIV/AIDS Research Program    
          California Institute for Regenerative Medicine    
          California Institute of Technology    
          California Pacific Medical Center Research Institute    
          California School Health Centers Association    
          California Society of Pediatric Dentistry    
          California State University Bakersfield Foundation    
          California State University Dominguez Hills Foundation    
          California State University System    
          California Teachers Association    
          California Victim Compensation and Government Claim Board    
          California Wellness Foundation    
          California Wellness Foundation, The    
          California Workforce Investment Board    
          Cambia Health Foundation    
          Campbell Foundation    
          Canada-California Strategic Innovation Partnership    
          Cancer Prevention Institute of California (CPIC)    
          Cancer Research Institute, Inc.    
          Cancer Targeted Technology, LLC    
          Capital for Good USA    
          Carlos Slim Health Institute    
          Carter Center, The    
          Caruthers Unified School District    
          Case Western Reserve University    
          Catalysis Foundation for Health, Inc    
          Catholic University of Louvain    
          Cedars-Sinai Medical Center    
          Celgene Corporation    
          Cell Genesys, Inc.    
          Celldex Therapeutics, Inc.    
          CellSight Technologies    
          Celsion Corporation    
          Celyad SA    
          Center for Childhood Creativity    
          Center for Comparative Care and Diagnosis of Inherited Blood Disorders    
          Center for Disease Dynamics, Economics, and Policy    
          Center for the Advancement of Health    
          Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC)    
          Centre for Rural Health-UKZN    
          Cepheid    
          Cerexa, Inc    
          Charles A. Dana Foundation    
          Charles R. Drew Univ. of Med. & Science    
          CHDI Foundation, Inc    
          CHEST Foundation    
          Chicago Community Trust    
          Child Neurology Society / Foundation    
          Child Trends, Inc.    
          Children's Brain Tumor Foundation    
          Children's Digestive Hlth &Nutrition Fdn    
          Children's Hospital MedCtr of Cincinnati    
          Children's Hospital of Los Angeles    
          Children's Hospital of Orange County    
          Children's Hospital of Philadelphia    
          Children's Investment Fund Foundation    
          Children's Investment Fund Foundation    
          Children's Mercy Hospital    
          Childrens Hospital & Rsrch Ctr - Oakland    
          Chiron Foundation    
          CIESAR    
          Cincinnati Children's Hospital Med Ctr    
          Citizens United for Research in Epilepsy    
          City and County of San Francisco    
          City College of San Francisco    
          Claire Giannini Fund    
          Clarence E. Heller Charitable Foundation    
          Cleave Biosciences, Inc    
          Clinton Health Access Initiative    
          Cochrane Collaboration    
          Collaborative Drug Discovery, Inc    
          Colorado Fdn Public Health & Environment    
          Colorado Health Foundation    
          Colorado State University    
          Columbia University    
          Commission on Higher Educ (Philippines)    
          Commonweal    
          Commonwealth Fund    
          Community Anti-Drug Coalitions of America    
          Community Initiatives    
          Complete Genomics, Inc.    
          Compton Foundation, Inc.    
          Conatus Pharmaceuticals    
          Conrad N. Hilton Foundation    
          CONRAD(Contraceptive Research and Dev)    
          Contra Costa Health Services    
          Convergent Dental, Inc    
          Convergent Dental, Inc.    
          COPD Foundation    
          Corcept Therapeutics Inc    
          Coriell Institute for Medical Research    
          Cornell University    
          CorStone    
          Corvus Pharmaceuticals, Inc    
          Covance Inc    
          Coydog Foundation    
          CPMC Research Institute    
          CPWR-Center for Construction Rsrch&Trng    
          Craig H. Neilsen Foundation (The)    
          CRDF Global    
          Creighton University    
          Cricket Health, Inc    
          Crohn's and Colitis Fdn of America, Inc    
          CrossFit Foundation    
          Crown Agents Limited    
          CSL Behring, LLC    
          CSU San Marcos/University Auxiliary and Research Services    
          Ctr for Clinical Care & Rsrch in Nigeria    
          Ctr for Infectious Disease Res in Zambia    
          Ctr for Infectious Disease Res in Zambia    
          Cubist Pharmaceuticals, Inc.    
          Cure PSP    
          Curemark, LLC    
          CurePSP    
          CureSearch for Children's Cancer    
          Curis, Inc.    
          Curry International Tuberculosis Center (CITC)    
          Curry Senior Center    
          Cystic Fibrosis Foundation    
          Daiichi Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.    
          Damon Runyon Cancer Research Foundation    
          Dana-Farber Cancer Institute    
          Dana-Farber/Partners Cancer Care, Inc    
          Dartmouth College    
          DAV Charitable Service Trust    
          David and Lucile Packard Foundation    
          David B. Gold Foundation    
          Decibel Therapeutics, Inc    
          Del E. Webb Foundation    
          Del Mar Pharmaceuticals, Inc    
          Denver Health and Hospital Authority    
          Department for International Development    
          Department of Education Agencies    
          Depuy Synthes, a Johnson & Johnson Co.    
          Dermatology Foundation    
          Dignity Health    
          DNA 2.0, Inc.    
          DOD Defense Advanced Projects Research Agency    
          DOD Misc. Dept of Defense Agencies    
          DOD Naval Health Research Center    
          DOD U.S. Army Medical Research Acquisition Activity (USAMRAA)    
          DOD US Army Research Laboratory    
          DOD Walter Reed Army Institute of Research    
          DOE Office of Science, Chicago Field Office    
          DOE Offices and Programs    
          Doha International Family Studies Institute (DIFI)    
          Doris Duke Charitable Foundation    
          DOSIsoft SA    
          Drs Martin and Dorothy Spatz Charitable Foundation    
          Drugs for Neglected Diseases Initiative (DNDi)    
          Duke University    
          Duramed Research, Inc.    
          DyNuPol, Inc    
          East Bay AIDS Center    
          East Bay Community Foundation    
          Eastern Virginia Medical School    
          eBioscience, Inc.    
          ED Natl Inst on Disability & Rehab. Res.    
          Edge Therapeutics, Inc    
          Edimer Pharmaceuticals    
          ElectroCore Medical, LLC    
          Eli and Edythe L. Broad Foundation    
          Eli Lilly and Company    
          Elizabeth Glaser Pediatric AIDS Foundation    
          EMD Serono, Inc.    
          Emergency Medicine Foundation    
          EMMES Corporation    
          Emory University    
          Endpoint and Outcomes Research LLC    
          Entelos, Inc.    
          Entera Health, Inc.    
          Epilepsy Study Consortium, Inc.    
          Epocal Inc    
          Ernest Gallo Clinic and Research Center    
          Estetra SPRL    
          European Commission    
          European Leukodystrophy Association Research Foundation    
          Evalve, Inc.    
          Exelixis, Inc.    
          ExxonMobil Foundation    
          Family Service Agency of San Francisco    
          Fdn for Anesthesia Education & Research    
          Feder'n of Clinical Immunology Societies    
          Feeding America    
          Feinstein Institute for Medical Research    
          FHI 360    
          Fibrolamellar Cancer Foundation    
          Fidelity Charitable    
          Firsthand Technology, Inc.    
          Fistula Foundation    
          Five Prime Therapeutics    
          Flight Attendant Medical Research Institute.    
          Florida International University    
          Focus Diagnostics, Inc.    
          FoldRx Pharmaceuticals    
          Fondation Leducq    
          Food Allergy Initiative Inc.    
          Ford Foundation    
          Forest Research Institute    
          Foundation Fighting Blindness    
          Foundation for Innovative New Diagnostics    
          Foundation for Orthopedic Trauma    
          Foundation of the Consortium of MS Center    
          Foundation of the International Society of Blood Transfusion    
          Foundation to Promote Open Society    
          Frank H and Eva B Buck Foundation, The    
          Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center    
          Free to Breathe    
          Fresno Regional Foundation    
          Fresno Unified School District    
          Futures Group International    
          Gaia Medical Institute    
          Galena Biopharma    
          Gary and Mary West Health Institute    
          GC America, Inc.    
          GE Healthcare    
          Gen-Probe Incorporated    
          Genentech, Inc.    
          General Electric Company    
          General Service Foundation    
          Genetic Alliance, Inc.    
          GENFIT SA    
          Genomas, Inc.    
          Genomics Inst of the Novartis Resrch Fdn    
          GenturaDx    
          Genzyme Corporation    
          George Washington University    
          Georgetown University    
          Georgia Tech Research Corporation    
          Gilead Foundation    
          Gilead Sciences, Inc.    
          Glaucoma Foundation    
          GlaxoSmithKline    
          Glenn Foundation For Medical Research    
          Global AIDS Interfaith Alliance    
          Global Alzheimers Platform, Inc    
          Global Blood Targeting, Inc.    
          Global Blood Therapeutics, Inc    
          Global Community Monitor    
          Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis, and Malaria    
          Global Health Sciences Education    
          Global Partners in Anesthesia and Surgery (GPAS)    
          Global Solutions for Infectious Diseases    
          Global Strategies    
          Global Vaccines, Inc    
          Global Viral Forecasting Initiative    
          Gordon and Betty Moore Foundation    
          Greenwall Foundation, The    
          Group Health Cooperative of Puget Sound    
          Grousbeck Family Foundation    
          Grove Foundation    
          Guam Memorial Hospital    
          Guardant Health, Inc.    
          Guthy-Jackson Charitable Foundation    
          Gynecologic Oncology Group (GOG Fdn Inc)    
          Gynuity Health Projects    
          Hacettepe University    
          Hanoi School of Public Health    
          Haruv Institute    
          Harvard Pilgrim Health Care, Inc    
          Harvard University    
          Haskins Laboratories, Inc    
          Health and Human Services Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services    
          Health Effects Institute    
          Health Protection Agency (UK)    
          Health Research, Inc.    
          Health Research, Incorporated    
          Health Strategies International    
          HealthPartners Research Foundation    
          Hebrew SeniorLife Inc    
          Hedge Funds Care    
          Heiser Program for Research in Leprosy    
          Hektoen Inst for Medical Research, LLC    
          Hektoen Institute for Medical Research, LLC    
          Hellman Family Foundation    
          Helmholtz Zentrum München GmbH    
          Henry Ford Health System    
          Henry J. Kaiser Family Foundation    
          Henry M. Jackson Fdn f/t Adv of Mil Med    
          Henry M. Jackson Fdn f/t Adv of Mil Med    
          Henry M. Jackson Fdn f/t Adv of Mil Med    
          HHS Administration for Community Living    
          HHS Medicaid and CHIP Payment and Access Commission (MACPAC)    
          HHS OHDS Administration for Children and Families    
          Hispanas Organizd for Political Equality    
          Histogenics Corporation    
          Hitachi Foundation    
          HIV-NAT, The Thai Red Cross AIDS Res Ctr    
          Hoffman-LaRoche, Ltd.    
          Hologic, Inc.    
          Hospital for Sick Children (SickKids)    
          Hospital for Special Surgery    
          Howard Hughes Medical Institute (HHMI)    
          Humboldt State University    
          Hyundai Hope on Wheels    
          Iacocca Foundation, The    
          Ibis Reproductive Health    
          ICF Macro International, Inc.    
          Idenix Pharmaceuticals, Inc.    
          Ignyta, Inc    
          ImClone Systems, Inc.    
          Immtech Pharmaceuticals, Inc.    
          Immune Design Corp    
          ImmunoCellular Therapeutics, Ltd.    
          Impax Laboratories, Inc.    
          Inception 4, Inc    
          Inceptions Sciences, Inc.    
          Incyte Corporation    
          Indian Dispute Resolution Services, Inc.    
          Indiana University    
          Infectious Diseases Research Collaboration    
          Infectious Diseases Society of America    
          Informed Medical Decisions Foundation    
          Ingenuity Systems, Inc    
          Innovations for Poverty Action    
          INO Therapeutics LLC    
          Inst D'Invts Biomed August Pi i Sunyer    
          Institute for Systems Biology    
          Institute of Cancer Research: RCH    
          Institute of Human Virology, Nigeria    
          Institute of International Education    
          Institute on Medicine as a Profession    
          Instituto Mexicano del Seguro Social    
          Instrumentation Laboratory Company    
          Insys Development Company, Inc.    
          Intellectual Ventures, LLC    
          Intellix Solutions, LLC    
          Intercept Pharmaceuticals, Inc    
          InterMune Pharmaceuticals    
          International AIDS Vaccine Initiative (IAVI)    
          International Association for Dental Research    
          International HIV/AIDS Alliance    
          International Society for Infectious Diseases    
          International Trachoma Initiative    
          Internet Sexuality Information Services, Inc.    
          inVentiv Health Clinical, LLC    
          Irving B. Harris Foundation    
          ITAD Limited    
          Ivoclar Vivadent AG    
          J. Craig Venter Institute    
          J. David Gladstone Institutes    
          J.P. Morgan Chase Foundation    
          Jaeb Center for Health Research    
          Janssen Research & Development, a J&J Co    
          Janssen Scientific Affairs LLC, a J&J Co    
          Janssen, L.P.    
          Japan Foundation for AIDS Prevention (JFAP)    
          JEHT Foundation    
          Jewish Community Federation    
          Jewish Family and Children's Services    
          Jhpiego Corporation    
          John A. Hartford Foundation    
          John D. and Catherine T. MacArthur Foundation.    
          John Merck Fund    
          John Muir Health    
          John Snow, Inc    
          John Snow, Inc.    
          John Templeton Foundation    
          Johns Hopkins University    
          Johnson & Johnson    
          Johnson & Johnson Pharmaceutical Research and Development    
          Johnson Family Foundation    
          Joseph Drown Foundation    
          JPB Foundation    
          JPB Foundation, The    
          Juno Therapeutics, Inc    
          Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation International    
          K2M, Inc    
          Kadmon Corporation, LLC    
          KAI Research, Inc.    
          Kaiser Foundation Research Institute    
          Kaiser Permanente    
          KaloBios Pharmaceuticals, Inc.    
          Karin & Sten Mortstedt CBD Solutions AB    
          Karius, Inc    
          Karolinska Institutet    
          Karyopharm Therapeutics, Inc.    
          Kiel Institute for the World Economy    
          Kimberly-Clark Corporation    
          KineMed, Inc.    
          King's College - London    
          Kite Pharma, Inc    
          Kleine-Levin Syndrome Foundation, Inc.    
          Kosan Biosciences, Inc.    
          KPMG LLP    
          Kresge Foundation    
          Kythera Biopharmaceuticals, Inc.    
          L. M. & H. B. Helmsley Charitable Trust    
          La Clinica de La Raza, Inc.    
          Larry L. Hillblom Foundation    
          Laura and John Arnold Foundation    
          Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory    
          Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory    
          LEO Foundation, The    
          LEO Pharma Inc    
          Leukemia and Lymphoma Society    
          Levi Strauss Foundation    
          Lexicon Genetics Incorporated    
          LifeScan, Inc., a Johnson & Johnson Co.    
          Lightfighter Trust    
          Lilly Research Laboratories    
          Lilly USA, LLC    
          Livermore Instruments, Inc.    
          London School of Hygiene & Tropical Medicine    
          LoneStar Heart, Inc.    
          Lonza, Inc.    
          Los Angeles Biomedical Research Institute    
          Los Angeles Co Dept of Public Health    
          Louis R. Lurie Foundation    
          Lowy Institute for International Policy    
          LSD Research Consortium    
          Lund University    
          Lung LLC    
          Lupus Clinical Trials Consortium    
          Lupus Foundation of America, Inc.    
          Lupus Research Institute    
          Lurie Children's Hospital of Chicago    
          Lutheran Medical Center-Trauma Center    
          Lyme Research Alliance, Inc    
          Lyon-Martin Health Services    
          MacroGenics, Inc.    
          Magee-Womens Hospital of UPMC    
          Magee-Womens Research Institute    
          Mahatma Gandhi Institute of Medical Sciences    
          Mahidol University, Thailand    
          Makerere University    
          Makerere University Hospital    
          Malaria Research and Reference Reagent Resource (MR4)    
          MalariaGEN Resource Centre    
          Malaysian Biotechnology Corporation    
          Management Sciences for Health, Inc.    
          MandalMed, Inc.    
          MANILA Consulting Group    
          March of Dimes Birth Defects Foundation    
          Marisla Foundation, The    
          Mars, Inc.    
          Mary Wohlford Foundation    
          Massachusetts General Hospital    
          Mayo Fdn / Mayo Clinic    
          Mayo Foundation    
          McGill University    
          McMaster University    
          MED-EL Corporation    
          Medarex    
          Medex15 BV    
          Medical College of Wisconsin    
          Medical University of South Carolina    
          Medicenna Therapeutics, Inc    
          Medicines for Malaria Venture    
          Medicines360    
          Medimaps Group, SA    
          MedImmune, Inc    
          Medpace, Inc    
          Medtronic, Inc.    
          Melanoma Research Alliance    
          Melanoma Research Alliance, The    
          Memorial Hospital of Rhode Island    
          Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center    
          Menlo Therapeutics, Inc    
          Mental Insight Foundation    
          Merck and Co., Inc.    
          Merck Sharp & Dohme Corp    
          Merrimack Pharmaceuticals    
          Mesothelioma Applied Research Foundation    
          Metabiota, Inc    
          Metabiota, Inc    
          Metabolic Nutritionals    
          Metta Fund    
          Michael J. Fox Foundation for Parkinson's Research    
          Mills College    
          Ministry of Health and Social Welfare    
          Minneapolis Medical Research Foundation    
          Minneapolis Medical Research Foundation    
          Mission Health System, Inc    
          Monash University    
          Monogram Biosciences, Inc.    
          Moriah Fund, Inc.    
          Mount Sinai School of Medicine, New York    
          Mount Zion Health Fund    
          Movember    
          Moximed International    
          MRI Interventions, Inc.    
          Ms. Foundation for Women    
          MU-JHU Care Limited    
          MU-JHU Care Limited    
          Multiple Myeloma Research Consortium    
          Multiple Sclerosis International Federation    
          Muscular Dystrophy Association, Inc.    
          Musculoskeletal Transplant Foundation    
          Muso, Inc    
          N30 Pharmaceuticals    
          NABI    
          Nancy Davis Fdn. for Multiple Sclerosis    
          Nanomix, Inc.    
          NASA Ames Research Center    
          Nathan Cummings Foundation    
          National Academy of Sciences    
          National Association of Community Health Ctrs, Inc.    
          National Bureau of Economic Research    
          National Campaign to Prevent Teen Pregnancy    
          National Comprehensive Cancer Network, Inc.    
          National Council for Behavioral Health    
          National Council of State Boards of Nursing    
          National Development and Research Institutes    
          National Foundation for the CDC and Prevention    
          National Institute for Health Care Management    
          National Institute for Medical Research    
          National Institute for Medical Research, Tanzania    
          National Jewish Health    
          National Marrow Donor Program    
          National Marrow Donor Program    
          National MPS Society    
          National Multiple Sclerosis Society    
          National Niemann-Pick Disease Foundation, Inc.    
          National Organization for Rare Disorders    
          National Parkinson Foundation, Inc.    
          National Psoriasis Foundation    
          National Research Fund for Tick-Borne Disease    
          National Science Foundation (NSF)    
          National Space Biomedical Research Institute    
          National Stroke Association    
          National Trauma Institute    
          Natl Alliance State &Territorial AIDS Dir    
          Natl Alliance State &Territorial AIDS Dir    
          Natl Partnership for Women & Families    
          Natural Resources Defense Council, Inc.    
          Naya Foundation, The    
          Nektar Therapeutics    
          NeoStem, Inc    
          Nestle Purina Company    
          Neuroendocrine Tumor Research Foundation    
          NeuroTherapeutics Pharma, Inc.    
          New Jersey Medical School    
          New Paradigm Fund    
          New Venture Fund    
          New York Academy of Medicine    
          New York Community Trust    
          New York University    
          Nexus Dx, Inc    
          NIH John F. Fogarty International Center    
          NIH Miscellaneous Other    
          NIH National  Institute on Aging    
          NIH National  Institute on Drug Abuse    
          NIH National  Library of Medicine    
          NIH National Cancer Institute    
          NIH National Center Advancing Translational Science    
          NIH National Center for Complementary and Alternative Medicine    
          NIH National Center for Research Resources    
          NIH National Eye Institute    
          NIH National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute    
          NIH National Human Genome Research Institute    
          NIH National Institute Arthritis and Musculoskeletal and Skin Diseases    
          NIH National Institute of Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism    
          NIH National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Disease    
          NIH National Institute of Biomedical Imaging and Bioengineering    
          NIH National Institute of Child Health and Human Development    
          NIH National Institute of Deafness and Communication Disorders    
          NIH National Institute of Dental and Craniofacial Research    
          NIH National Institute of Dental and Craniofacial Research    
          NIH National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Diseases    
          NIH National Institute of Environmental Health Science    
          NIH National Institute of General Medical Sciences    
          NIH National Institute of Mental Health    
          NIH National Institute of Minority Health and Health Disparities    
          NIH National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke    
          NIH National Institute of Nursing Research    
          NIH National Institute on Aging    
          NIH National Institute on Drug Abuse    
          NIH National Library of Medicine    
          NIH Natl Eye Institute    
          NIH Natl Human Genome Research Inst.    
          NIH Natl Inst Arthr, Musculoskel & Skin    
          NIH Office of AIDS Research    
          NIH Office of the Director    
          NIH Warren Grant Magnuson Clinical Center    
          Nikon, Inc.    
          Nocimed, LLC    
          Nonin Medical, Inc.    
          Nora Eccles Treadwell Foundation    
          Nora Therapeutics, Inc.    
          North American NeuroEndocrine Tumor Soc.    
          North American Science Associates, Inc    
          North Shore-Long Island Jewish Hlth Sys    
          Northern American Society for Pediatric  Gastroenterology, Hepatology, and Nutrition    
          Northern California Institute for Research and Education, Inc. (NCIRE)    
          Northern Sierra Rural Health Network    
          Northwestern University    
          Novadaq Technologies, Inc    
          NovaMin Technology, Inc.    
          Novartis Fdn for Sustainable Development    
          Novartis Institute for BioMedical Research    
          Novartis Oncology    
          Novartis Pharma AG    
          Novella Clinical, Inc    
          Novo Nordisk    
          Novocell, Inc.    
          Oak Ridge Institute for Science and Education    
          Oak Ridge National Laboratory    
          Oakland Children's Hospital Medical Center    
          Obessessive-Cumpulsive (OC) Foundation, Inc.    
          Office of ED Postsecondary Education, US Department of Education    
          Ohio State University    
          Oklahoma Medical Research Foundation    
          OMeGA Medical Grants Association    
          Omniox, Inc.    
          OncoMed Pharmaceuticals, Inc.    
          Onyx Pharmaceuticals, Inc    
          Open Society Foundations    
          Open Society Institute and Soros Foundations Network    
          Opportunity Institute    
          Optivia Biotechnology, Inc.    
          Orbus Therapeutics, Inc    
          Oregon Health Sciences University    
          Oregon State University    
          Organon, Inc.    
          Orgenics Ltd    
          Ortho-McNeil Pharmaceutical Corporation    
          Ortho-McNeil, Inc    
          Orthofix Inc.    
          Orthopaedic Research and Education Foundation    
          Orthopaedic Trauma Association    
          Osel, Inc.    
          Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.    
          Overbrook Foundation    
          Oxford Outcomes    
          Pacific BioPharma Group    
          Pacific Northwest National Laboratory    
          Pacific Pediatric Neuro-Oncology Con Fdn    
          Padjadjaran University    
          Palo Alto Institute for Research and Education    
          Pan-American Association of Ophthalmology    
          Pangaea Global AIDS Foundation    
          Paratek Pharmaceuticals, Inc.    
          PAREXEL International Corporation    
          Park Nicollet Institute    
          Passport Foundation    
          Pathfinder International    
          Patient-Centered Outcomes Research Inst    
          Patient-Centered Outcomes Research Institute    
          Patricia Sullivan Consulting    
          Patty Brisben Foundation    
          Pediatric Infectious Diseases Society    
          Pediatric Low Grade Astrocytoma Fdn, Inc    
          Pediatric Orthopaedic Society Of North America (POSNA)    
          Peking Union Medical College Hospital    
          Pelvalon, Inc    
          Pennsylvania State University    
          Pew Charitable Trusts    
          Pfizer    
          Pharmacyclics    
          Pharmadyn, Inc.    
          Pharmasset, Inc.    
          Pharmaxis Ltd.    
          Philippines-California Advanced Res Inst    
          Philippines-California Advanced Res Inst    
          Philips Healthcare    
          Philliber Research Associates    
          PHIVCO UK II Ltd    
          Phoenix Biosystem, Inc.    
          PhRMA Foundation    
          PHS Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality    
          PHS Asst Secretary for Planning & Eval    
          PHS Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC)    
          PHS Health Resources and Services Administration    
          PHS Office of Population Affairs    
          PHS Secretary for Health    
          Physicians for Social Responsibility, SF    
          Planned Parenthood Federation of America    
          Population Council    
          Population Health Research Institute    
          Population Services International (PSI)    
          Positive Resource Center    
          PPD Inc.    
          PPD, Inc    
          Pregnancy Foundation, The    
          President's Malaria Initiative    
          Prevent Cancer Foundation    
          Prevention Institute    
          Prevention Research Center    
          Price Charities    
          PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP    
          Princeton University    
          PRM Therapeutics, LLC    
          Procter & Gamble Company    
          Professional and Scientific Associates    
          Profusa Corporation    
          Program for Appropriate Technology in Health (PATH)    
          Project Open Hand    
          Promedior, Inc    
          ProNAi Therapeutics, Inc    
          Prostate Cancer Foundation    
          Providence Portland Medical Center    
          Public Health Foundation Enterprises, Inc.    
          Public Health Institute    
          QED Group, LLC.    
          QuantumLeap Healthcare Collaborative    
          Quintiles, Inc    
          Radiological Society of North America    
          Rainwater Charitable Foundation    
          RaNA Therapeutics Inc    
          rand    
          Rand Corporation    
          Redwood Bioscience, Inc    
          ReLIA Diagnostics, Inc    
          Relievant Medsystems, Inc.    
          Reproductive Health Technologies Project    
          ReProtect Inc.    
          Research Center Borstel, Germany    
          Research Foundation for Mental Hygiene    
          Research to Prevent Blindness, Inc.    
          Respiratory Care Board of California    
          Respirix, Inc    
          Results for Development Institute    
          Revolution Medicines Inc    
          Rheumatology Research Foundation    
          Richard and Rhoda Goldman Fund    
          Robert Wood Johnson Foundation    
          Roche Diagnostics, Ltd.    
          Roche Laboratories    
          Roche Molecular Systems, Inc.    
          Roche Palo Alto, LLC    
          Rockefeller Foundation    
          Rockefeller University    
          Ronald McDonald House Charities, Inc.    
          Roswell Park Cancer Institute    
          RSNA Research & Education Foundation    
          RTI International    
          Russell Sage Foundation    
          Rutgers University    
          S.D. Bechtel, Jr. Foundation    
          S.H. Cowell Foundation    
          Safeway Foundation, The    
          Sahlgrenska University Hospital    
          SAIC-Frederick    
          Saint Vincent Catholic Medical Centers    
          Salix Pharmaceuticals, Inc.    
          Salk Institute for Biological Sciences    
          SAMHSA Center for Mental Health Services    
          SAMHSA Ctr for Substance Abuse Prevent'n    
          SAMHSA Ctr for Substance Abuse Treatment    
          SAMHSA Ctr for Substance Abuse Treatment    
          Samsung Advanced Institute of Technology    
          Samsung Semiconductor, Inc    
          Samuel Merritt College    
          Samuel Waxman Cancer Research Fdn    
          San Diego State Univ Research Foundation    
          San Francisco Foundation    
          San Francisco General Hospital Foundation    
          San Francisco Health Plan    
          San Francisco Public Health Foundation    
          San Francisco State University    
          San Francisco Study Center Inc    
          San Francisco Unified School District    
          San Joaquin Valley Air Pollution Control District    
          Sandler Foundation    
          Sanford Research    
          Sanford-Burnham Medical Research Institute    
          Sanga Sabhasri Research Foundation    
          Sangamo BioSciences, Inc.    
          Sanofi-Aventis Group    
          Santen Incorporated    
          Sarlo Foundation    
          Saudi Arabian Cultural Mission    
          Schering-Plough Corporation    
          Scleroderma Research Foundation    
          Scripps Clinic and Research Foundation    
          Seattle Biomedical Research Institute    
          Seattle Children's Research Institute    
          Seattle Genetics, Inc.    
          Second Genome, Inc.    
          SEEK Development    
          Selma Unified School District    
          Seneca Institute for Advanced Practice    
          SenTec AG    
          Sequoia Foundation    
          Serono, S.A.    
          SF Bay Area Affiliate of Susan G Komen    
          Sherman Fairchild Foundation, Inc.    
          Shionogi & Co, Ltd    
          Shire PLC    
          Siemens Healthcare Diagnostics    
          Sierra Health Foundation    
          Sigma-Aldrich Company    
          Silver Creek Pharmaceuticals, Inc.    
          Simons Foundation    
          Sir M. B. Davis Jewish General Hospital    
          Sjogren's Syndrome Foundation    
          Smith & Nephew, Inc.    
          SMT Scholar Trust    
          Social & Scientific Systems, Inc.    
          Society for Gynecologic Investigation    
          Society for the Psychological Study of Social Issues (SPSSI)    
          Society of Abdominal Radiology    
          Society of Family Planning    
          Society of Hospital Medicine    
          Source 44 LLC    
          South African National Blood Service    
          SRI International    
          St. Baldrick's Foundation    
          St. Jude Children's Research Hospital    
          St. Louis University    
          St. Luke's-Roosevelt Institute for Health Science    
          Stanford University    
          Stanley S. Langendorf Foundation    
          StarVista    
          State of Minnesota    
          State of Oregon    
          State University of New York System    
          Stemline Therapeutics, Inc    
          Stemline Therapeutics, Inc    
          Strata Various Product Design    
          Stromedix, Inc    
          Stryker Corporation    
          Stryker Orthopaedics    
          Stryker Trauma GmbH    
          Stuart Foundations    
          Stupski Foundation, The    
          Sunovion Pharmaceuticals Inc    
          Susan G. Komen Breast Cancer Foundation    
          Susan Thompson Buffett Foundation    
          Sutter Health    
          Swartz Foundation, The    
          Swaziland Ministry of Health    
          Swedish Institute for Communicable Disease Control    
          Synageva BioPharma    
          Synthes USA    
          Talon Therapeutics, Inc.    
          Task Force for Global Health Inc    
          TauRx Therapeutics Ltd    
          TB/HIV Care Association    
          Team-Up for Youth    
          Terumo Corporation    
          Tesaro Inc    
          Teva Pharmaceutical Industries, Ltd.    
          Teva Pharmaceuticals USA, Inc    
          Texas A & M University System    
          Texas A&M Research Foundation    
          Texas A&M Research Foundation    
          The Beljanski Foundation, Inc    
          Thomas Jefferson University    
          Thrasher Research Fund    
          Thrasher Research Fund, The    
          Tibotec Pharmaceuticals Ltd    
          Tibotec Therapeutics    
          Tides Center    
          Tides Foundation    
          Tipping Point Community    
          Tobira Therapeutics    
          Tocagen    
          Tokyo Medical and Dental University    
          Toray Industries, Inc.    
          Tourette Syndrome Association, Inc.    
          Touro University    
          Transcend Medical, Inc    
          Trellis Bioscience, LLC    
          Trimeris, Inc.    
          Trinity Biotech, Inc    
          Trius Therapeutics, Inc    
          Tufts-New England Medical Center    
          Tulane University    
          Twin Star Medical, Inc.    
          Two Pore Guys, Inc    
          U of Colorado Denver/Anschutz Medical C    
          U.C. California Program on Access to Care    
          U.S. Army Medical Research Acquisition Activity    
          U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs    
          U.S. Environmental Protection Agency    
          U.S. Food and Drug Administration    
          U.S. Health Resources and Services Administration    
          U.S.-Israel Binational Science Fdn.    
          U.S.-Israel Binational Science Foundation    
          UC Agriculture and Natural Resources    
          UC Berkeley    
          UC Biotechnology Research and Education Program    
          UC California Policy Research Center    
          UC California Program on Access to Care    
          UC Cancer Research Coordinating Comm.    
          UC Directed Research and Development (UCDRD)    
          UC Discovery-Biotechnology    
          UC Global Health Institute (UCGHI)    
          UC Institute on Global Conflict and Cooperation    
          UC Lab Fees Research Program    
          UC Multicampus Research Programs and Initiatives (MRPI)    
          UC Office of the President    
          UC Pacific Rim Research Program    
          UC Pacific Rim Research Program    
          UC President's Postdoctoral Fellowship    
          UC Proof of Concept Program    
          UC Riverside    
          UC Santa Cruz    
          UC Tobacco-Related Disease Research Pgm    
          UC Tobacco-Related Disease Research Program    
          UCB Pharma, Inc.    
          UCSF Department of Surgery    
          UCSF Dept of Hospital Medicine    
          UCSF Preterm Birth Initiative (PTBi)    
          UCSF Resource Allocation Program (RAP)    
          UCSF-GIVI Center for AIDS Research    
          Uganda Virus Research Institute    
          UH Harrington Discovery Institute    
          Ultragenyx Pharmaceutical Inc    
          United BioSource Corporation    
          United Nations Foundation    
          United Nations Office for Project Svcs    
          United Nations World Food Programme    
          United Therapeutics Corporation    
          Uniting Against Lung Cancer    
          Univ of Massachusetts Medical School    
          Univ of Texas Health Science Ctr-Houston    
          Univ of Texas M.D. Anderson Cancer Center    
          Universidad Anahuac Mayab    
          Universitat Heidelberg    
          Universität Konstanz    
          Universities Space Research Association    
          University at Buffalo, SUNY    
          University Hospital Basel    
          University of Alabama System    
          University of Alberta    
          University of Arizona    
          University of Barcelona    
          University of British Columbia    
          University of California Berkeley    
          University of California Davis    
          University of California Global Health Institute (UCGHI)    
          University of California Global Health Institute (UCGHI)    
          University of California Institute for Mexico and the U.S. (UC MEXUS)    
          University of California Irvine (UCI)    
          University of California Los Angeles (UCLA)    
          University of California San Diego (UCSD)    
          University of California Tobacco-Related Disease Research Program (TRDRP)    
          University of Cambridge    
          University of Cape Town, The    
          University of Chicago    
          University of Cincinnati    
          University of Colorado at Boulder    
          University of Colorado Denver, Anschutz Medical Campus    
          University of Colorado Denver, Anschutz Medical Center    
          University of Duisburg-Essen    
          University of Florida    
          University of Georgia    
          University of Hawaii    
          University of Ibadan    
          University of Illinois    
          University of Illinois at Chicago    
          University of Iowa    
          University of Kansas / KU Med Ctr    
          University of Kentucky    
          University of Maryland, Baltimore    
          University of Massachusetts    
          University of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey    
          University of Melbourne, The    
          University of Memphis (The)    
          University of Miami    
          University of Michigan    
          University of Minnesota    
          University of Mississippi    
          University of Missouri System    
          University of Montana    
          University of Naples Federico II    
          University of New South Wales    
          University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill (UNC)    
          University of North Carolina System    
          University of Oklahoma    
          University of Otago    
          University of Oxford    
          University of Pennsylvania    
          University of Pittsburgh    
          University of Puerto Rico    
          University of Queensland, The(Australia)    
          University of Rochester    
          University of San Diego    
          University of South Florida    
          University of Southampton    
          University of Southern California    
          University of St Andrews    
          University of Sydney    
          University of Texas at Austin    
          University of Texas Health Science Center    
          University of Texas Health Science Center at Houston    
          University of Texas Health Science Center at San Antonio    
          University of Texas M.D. Anderson Cancer Center    
          University of Texas, Dallas    
          University of Texas, Medical Branch at Galveston    
          University of the Philippines System    
          University of Tokyo    
          University of Toronto    
          University of Ulsan    
          University of Utah    
          University of Vermont    
          University of Virginia    
          University of Warwick    
          University of Washington (UW)    
          University of Wisconsin System    
          University of Wisconsin, Madison    
          Until There's a Cure Foundation    
          Uppsala University    
          Uroplasty, Inc    
          US Embassy in Port-au-Prince (Haiti)    
          Usher III Initiative, Inc.    
          Vaccine and Gene Therapy Institute of Florida    
          Valeant Pharmaceuticals International    
          Vanderbilt University    
          Vanderbilt University Medical Center    
          VentiRx Pharmaceuticals, Inc.    
          Versartis, Inc    
          Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.    
          Veterans Affairs, Dept of    
          Vidacare Corporation    
          Virginia Polytechnic Institute & State University    
          ViroPharma, Inc.    
          Visions United States, Inc.    
          Vodafone Americas Foundation    
          Volkswagen Stiftung    
          Vrije Universiteit Brussel    
          W.K. Kellogg Foundation    
          Wake Forest University    
          Wallace Global Fund    
          Wallace Research Foundation    
          Walter and Elise Haas Fund    
          Washington Dental Service Foundation    
          Washington State University    
          Washington University in St. Louis    
          Wave 80 Biosciences, Inc    
          Wayne State University    
          Weeden Foundation    
          Wellcome Trust    
          Wellspring Advisors, LLC    
          Westat, Inc.    
          Western Dental Services, Inc.    
          Westside Community Services    
          William and Flora Hewlett Foundation    
          William Lawrence and Blanche Hughes Foundation    
          William M. Keck Foundation    
          William T. Grant Foundation    
          Winslow Foundation    
          Wistar Institute    
          Women and Infants Hospital of Rhode Island    
          Women's Dermatologic Society    
          World Bank Group    
          World Federation of Societies of Anaesthesiologists    
          World Health Organization (WHO)    
          WorldWide Antimalarial Resistance Network (WWARN)    
          Wyeth    
          Wyle Corporate    
          Xoma Corporation    
          Yale University    
          Yamaguchi University    
          Zenith Epigenetics, Inc    
          Zimmer, Inc.    
          ZOLL Medical Corporation    
          ZymoGenetics, Inc.    
          Zyomyx, Inc.  






























