 











  Home -   Silver Point Capital























Home


 



 













Username



Password




 


Reset Password







Silver Point Capital, L.P. is a registered investment adviser focused on credit and special situations investments.
 
The firm, based in Greenwich, Connecticut, was founded in 2002 by Edward A. Mulé and Robert J. O’Shea.
___________________________________________________ 































Careers


Contact Us



© 2017 Silver Point Capital, L.P.  All Rights Reserved.   Powered by Backstop


        Under no circumstances should the content of this website be used or considered as an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy securities (including any interest in any investment fund). Any such offer or solicitation can and will be made only by means of the appropriate offering materials, only in jurisdictions in which such an offer would be lawful and only to individuals who meet the investor suitability and sophistication requirements set forth in such materials. Access to such materials is similarly limited to individuals who meet the applicable investor suitability and sophistication requirements. The content of the investor area of this website is strictly confidential, is restricted to persons who have received a unique username and password, and is subject to certain limitations, including, but not limited to, limitations on disclosure and use.  Such limitations as well as other provisions are contained in the User Agreement. Entrance to the investor area of this site is restricted to persons who have received a unique username and password.
      










 











  Contact Us -   Silver Point Capital























Home


 



 













Username



Password




 


Reset Password



Contact Us
 
Two Greenwich PlazaGreenwich, CT 06830
 
Tel: 203-542-4230
Email: info@silverpointcapital.com
 
 
 
 

























Careers


Contact Us



© 2017 Silver Point Capital, L.P.  All Rights Reserved.   Powered by Backstop


        Under no circumstances should the content of this website be used or considered as an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy securities (including any interest in any investment fund). Any such offer or solicitation can and will be made only by means of the appropriate offering materials, only in jurisdictions in which such an offer would be lawful and only to individuals who meet the investor suitability and sophistication requirements set forth in such materials. Access to such materials is similarly limited to individuals who meet the applicable investor suitability and sophistication requirements. The content of the investor area of this website is strictly confidential, is restricted to persons who have received a unique username and password, and is subject to certain limitations, including, but not limited to, limitations on disclosure and use.  Such limitations as well as other provisions are contained in the User Agreement. Entrance to the investor area of this site is restricted to persons who have received a unique username and password.
      














NetScaler Gateway
























JavaScript is required
Please enable JavaScript in your browser before using Citrix Receiver.




























www.citrix.com

















































































































































































































































If you encounter any issues please contact the SPC Help Desk at 203-542-HELP (4357) or mailto:help@silverpointcapital.com.




































































www.citrix.com






























|




























































|












































|

|

|





























|

















|

|

|
















|



































Silver Point Capital L.P.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 24, 2017 8:45 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Silver Point Capital L.P.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Silver Point Capital L.P is a privately owned hedge fund sponsor. The firm manages hedge funds for its clients. It invests in the public equity, private equity, fixed income, and hedging markets of the United States. The firm primarily invests in securities of distressed, large-cap, and Mid-cap companies; bank debts; bonds; and trade claims. It specializes in credit analysis and diversified credit-related investments. Silver Point Capital is based in Greenwich, Connecticut.


Two Greenwich Plaza1st FloorGreenwich, CT 06830-6353United States



Phone: 203-542-4200

Fax: 203-542-4300

www.silverpointcapital.com/







Key Executives for Silver Point Capital L.P.




Mr. Edward A. Mulé


      	Co-Founder, Chief Executive Officer, and Partner
      


Age: 55
        







Mr. Robert James O'Shea


      	Co-Founder, Partner, and Chairman 
      


Age: 53
        







Mr. David Steinmetz


      	Chief Financial Officer
      








Mr. Michael A. Gatto


      	Principal
      


Age: 50
        







Mr. John M. Cannon


      	Principal
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Silver Point Capital L.P. Key Developments

Co-Operative Bank Is Reportedly Close To Abandoning Its Search For A Buyer
Apr 30 17
Co-operative Bank plc is reportedly close to abandoning its search for a buyer and moving towards a second painful financial restructuring instead. The Co-operative Bank is expected to hire advisers from Houlihan Lokey to oversee a new rescue effort. It would allow existing backers, such as Aurelius Capital Management, LP and Silver Point Capital L.P., to plough more cash into the bank. City sources said KKR & Co. L.P. (NYSE:KKR), Oaktree Capital Management, L.P. and Apollo Global Management, LLC (NYSE:APO) were also considering buying equity.


Arclin Reportedly Engages Credit Suisse To Explore Sale
Sep 1 15
Arclin, Inc. is looking for buyers. According to sources close to the matter, the company has engaged Credit Suisse Group AG to explore a sale that could value it at around $800 million. People, seeking anonymity, added that an auction for Arclinis already under way. The news report added that spokespeople for Arclin and Credit Suisse did not immediately respond to requests for comment. Arclin is majority owned by its former creditors, Black Diamond Capital Management, L.L.C. and Silver Point Capital L.P.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Private Placement

			      June 27, 2017
			    
PatientPoint, LLC



Merger/Acquisition

			      August 1, 2016
			    
Affinity Gaming





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Silver Point Capital L.P., please visit www.silverpointcapital.com/.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


























Silver Point Capital, L.P. Executives, Organizational Chart, Company Profile Information, Contacts | Headquarters, Locations, News   












Submit

ContactCareersLogin

MENUtoggle
Our Difference Research Client SuccessWho We Serve Sales Professionals Marketing Professionals Executives Recruiting/Staffing ProfessionalsSolutions [Column]  ABM & ABS Actionable Intelligence Competitive Intelligence Customer Success & Retention  [Column]  Data Quality & Management Data Sets Integrations Lead Generation  [Column]  Predictive Analytics Sales & Marketing Alignment Targeting & Ranking Knowledge Hub Blog Case Studies Insights FAQsAbout Careers News Pricing

Menu

HomeOur Difference Research Client SuccessWho We Serve Sales Professionals Marketing Professionals Executives Recruiting/Staffing ProfessionalsSolutions ABM & ABS Actionable Intelligence Competitive Intelligence Customer Success & Retention Data Quality & Management Data Sets Integrations Lead Generation Predictive Analytics Sales & Marketing Alignment Targeting & RankingKnowledge Hub Blog Case Studies Insights FAQsAbout Careers News PricingGet a Free ProfileSchedule a DemoRequest PricingContact UsLogin
Home / Companies / Silver Point Capital, L.P.


Silver Point Capital, L.P.

Two Greenwich Plaza 
Greenwich CT 06830 United States
Phone: +1 203-___-____
Fax: +1 203-___-____
https://www.silverpointcapital.com





29
Managers




26
IT employees




$5.5MEST.
IT Budget




Silver Point Capital L.P is a privately owned hedge fund sponsor. The firm invests in the public equity, fixed income, and hedging markets of the United States. It specializes in credit analysis and diversified credit-related investments.
At Silver Point Capital, L.P., a Connecticut-based private hedge fund sponsor, the Chief Technology Officer (CTO) leads the IT department. The lean IT department often collaborates with financial executives to support public trading. The technology team typically concentrates on maintaining the server environment.

The infrastructure… MoreAt Silver Point Capital, L.P., a Connecticut-based private hedge fund sponsor, the Chief Technology Officer (CTO) leads the IT department. The lean IT department often collaborates with financial executives to support public trading. The technology team typically concentrates on maintaining the server environment.

The infrastructure support services group maintains data storage solutions, such as Quantum. These employees also support network operations, including voice systems, and information security. The software development group handles Silver Point's corporate and Web-based development tools. Staff members work mainly with SQL-based reporting tools.





Sector (Industry)
Financial (Brokerage and Asset Management)


Employees
210


Revenue
$83.7M


FYE
12/31




Breaking news on investment signals




Date
Type
Inside Scoop




2016-10-05
Technology Updates
Topic: Web Server.
Company: Silver Point Capital, L.P., Greenwich, CT
Opportunity: Deployed Nginx in the last 60 days.







Want full access to this profile and more?
RainKing's clients have access to over 1,500 new investment signals published daily, which provide insights on spending initiatives, pain points, management changes and more from companies around the globe. Interested in becoming a client?
Request a demo
Request a quote




Technologies currently being used

IT
Marketing


Data Analytics/ Databases

Business Intelligence
MS SQL Reporting Services (SSRS)

Data Modeling/Mining

Data Tools
Data Infrastructure

Desktop Virtualization
Citrix MetaFrame/PS

Email Hosting
McAfee (mail server)

End User Hardware
Data Storage

Data Backup

Enterprise Storage
Quantum
Enterprise/ ERP

Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP)
Agresso

Enterprise Systems Support
Industry Software

Financial Trading

Professional Services Software

Retail Property Management
This is just a subset of the full Technolgies being used by this company.
Advertising/ Search
Analytics

Marketing Data Management
Microsoft SQL Server

Web Analytics
New Relic
Creative/ Content

Website Design
Microsoft Active Directory Web ServicesRuby on Rails
eCommerce

Online Retailing
Apache Server

Social Commerce
Amazon Web Services
Product/ Brand Mgmt

Marketing Strategy

Mobile Application and Content Services
BlackBerry

Promotions
This is just a subset of the full Technolgies being used by this company.



Become a RainKing power-user today!
RainKing's rich data provides clients with a deeper understanding of who will be making – and what will be driving – upcoming investments in IT. Know what your prospects are planning before your competition does, and beat them to the negotiating table.
Request a demo
Request a quote




Org chart of IT decision makers




Scott Martin
Senior Support Help Desk and Executive
___@silverpointcapital.com
+1 203-___-____







Scott Michalske
Developer
___@silverpointcapital.com
+1 203-___-____







Donald Smith
Director, Strategic Project and Data Management
___@silverpointcapital.com
+1 203-___-____



This is just a subset of the full Org Chart for this company.


Want access to this and more? Become a client today!
RainKing clients get access to all 615 decision makers in this company's org chart.
Request a demo
Request a quote








Want full access to this profile and more?
RainKing's clients have access to over 1,500 new investment signals published daily, which provide insights on spending initiatives, pain points, management changes and more from companies around the globe. Interested in becoming a client?
Request a demo
Request a quote









To receive a FREE PDF of this company, simply fill out the form below










Get your free company profile




Search





Subscribe to our newsletter



Connect with Us
 





 





 





 





 







 




7700 Old Georgetown Road
Bethesda, MD 20814-6100
1.866.592.7122
contactus@rainkingonline.com


 Sitemap Terms of Use Privacy Policy 


©2017 RainKing






">
		

Silver Point Capital L P (Import & export history)
































 










Plans




Limited




Plus




Premium








            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 6-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 6 months from the current date.




            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 3-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 3-months from the current date.




            PlusSmall & Medium Business



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 12 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 12-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 12-months from the current date.
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies




            Premium            Empire Builder



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from November 2006 to the present for all companies
You'll have access to our entire database of shipping manifests of U.S. Ocean freight imports going back to November 2006.
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies





            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Usage

Track the shipping activities of your 3 chosen companies
Our Limited Plan lets you monitor the shipping activities of any three companies across all our databases. Be the first to know when your target company clears a shipment through customs in one of the countries we track.
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 3 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 5k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plans, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 3 Searches
If you need to track more than 3 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Usage

10 Company Searches Per Day
10 searches per day may be enough if you are just monitoring a few competitors or researching suppliers in a single industry. If you're looking to connect with sales leads or do more in-depth research, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan which allows more searches.
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 3 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 1k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 3 Company Searches
If you need to track more than 3 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            Plus            Small & Medium Business



Usage

25 Searches Per Day
25 searches per day may be enough if you are just monitoring a few competitors or researching suppliers in a single industry. If you're looking to connect with sales leads or do more in-depth research, you should upgrade to the Premium plan which allows more searches.
25 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 25 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 10k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Premium plan, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 5 Searches
If you need to track more than 5 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            Premium            Empire Builder



Usage

50 Searches Per Day
 
50 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 50 companies in our database each month
Download (CSV and XLS) 25k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, contact the Sales Department to purchase more credits and export additional shipping records.
Email Alerts for up to 10 Searches





             Plus             Small & Medium Business



Features

Visual Mapping
Our Visual Mapping technology provides an instant snapshot of any company's trade connections. Navigate the global web of trading partners with the click of a mouse and visualize the relationships between companies many degrees apart.







            Premium            Empire Builder



Features

Visual Mapping
Our Visual Mapping technology provides an instant snapshot of any company's trade connections. Navigate the global web of trading partners with the click of a mouse and visualize the relationships between companies many degrees apart.







            Limited            Monitor Your Competitors



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.




            Plus            Small & Medium Business



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.




            Premium            Empire Builder



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.
Dedicated Research Assistant
An experienced trade data specialist will serve as your dedicated account manager to locate hard-to-reach data, perform searches and compile reports on your behalf.




            Limited            Monitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 6-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 6 months from the current date.







X












                   Home                





                        How It Works                    



                            U.S. Data                        

                            Additional Countries                        

                            Our Datasets                        

                            Our Clients                        

                            IG Reviews                        

                            Videos                        

                            Pictures                        

                            Presentation                        



                   Plans & Pricing                

                    Search                

                  Contact Us                
Live Chat				

                    Free Demo                

                    Sign In                

                    Join Now                











English
中文
French










English



中文



French



 

Get global shipment alerts for Silver Point Capital  L P, $9.95 /month

Processing, please wait ...







Cardholder's Name


Tell us your Full Name



Credit Card No. 








Enter a valid Card No.



Exp. Date

1 January
2 February
3 March
4 April
5 May
6 June
7 July
8 August
9 September
10 October
11 November
12 December




2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026



Postal Code / Zip


(or Postal Code if not in the USA)




  Terms of Service




Submit















			                                                Service: 855-573-9976 
                        Sales: +1-855-573-9976

 Live Chat

Choose Language
 English
 中文
 French




 



Hi, may I help you with something?

An ImportGenius.com sales agent is available to answer your question.


							Chat Live Now						

						No, thanks.					







Sign Up






Home
How It Works
Plans & Pricing
Search
Contact Us


Live Chat

2
  



 



Silver Point Capital  L P

Silver Point Capital, L.p imports from Taiwan Kolin Co., Ltd in China Taiwan through the port of Los Angeles, California        





 Call +1 (480) 744 2559




Import Genius






                                Our bill of lading data reveals the trading activities of Silver Point Capital  L P and millions of other importers.                            


Learn More
Join Now




Request a Demo





Would you like to schedule a free demo?
We'd love to show you international trade data relevant to your own business.










Name




Email





Phone






Schedule A Free Demo


















Play muted


International Trade Starts With Our Data









Other companies in our database

 SAMSUNG ELECTRONICS AMERICA INCORPO
 LULULEMON USA INC
 CABELA-S HONG KONG LIMITED
 TOSHIBA ELECTROMEX.S.A. DE C.V.    
 NINTENDO OF AMERICA INC.
















View Sample Shipment Records
Shipment Alert Subscription
Contact This Company



Sign Up

 





Sample shipment record for Silver Point Capital  L P
Silver Point Capital, L.p imports from Taiwan Kolin Co., Ltd in China Taiwan through the port of Los Angeles, California


                                Bill of Lading                            





Manufacturer / Shipper
Consignee



TAIWAN KOLIN CO., LTD
10FL.,86,SEC.1,CHUNG CHING S. RD,  TAIPEI                             TAIWAN


SILVER POINT CAPITAL, L.P
TWO GREENWICH PLAZA, 1ST FLOOR     GREENWICH CT 06830                 USA



Notify Party
Marks and Numbers



SYNTAX-BRILLIAN CORPORATION
20480 E. BUSINESS PARKWAY          CITY OF INDUSTRY CA 91789          USA



NO MARK 
 
 
 
 
NO MARK
NO MARK 
 
 
 
 
NO MARK





Master Bill of Lading Number
Container Number



SAFM750527256


MLCU4861084 
TTNU4764047
MLCU4861084 
TTNU4764047


Product Description




(264CTNS=42PLTS)  LCD MULTIMEDIA DISPLAY & SP 
(264CTNS=42PLTS)  LCD MULTIMEDIA DISPLAY & SP 

(264CTNS=42PLTS)  LCD MULTIMEDIA DISPLAY & SP 
(264CTNS=42PLTS)  LCD MULTIMEDIA DISPLAY & SP 










Bill of LadingCHQFCTPU08020290Arrival Date2008-02-20Weight (LB)26,398Weight (KG)11,999Quantity264 CTNContainer Count2Voyage No.802Port of LoadingKAOHSIUNGPort of DischargeLOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIAVessel NameMAERSK KIELCarrier CodeCHQFCountry Of OriginChina TaiwanPlace Of ReceiptKAOHSIUNG  TAIWAN 





Subscribe to access the complete shipping history for Silver Point Capital  L P. Join Now 







How will your business use our trade data?
If you're involved in international trade, our database of shipping manifests will help you find opportunities to grow your business.

Find Trading Partners You Can Trust
Monitor Competitors' Shipping Activities
Connect With Sales Prospects














                            "Very informative and great site and so quick. Pretty slick."
                        







Betty Fatzie

                                                                    President,                                 
                                                                    Lab Products, Inc.                                
                            






                            "The service was great, with a reasonable price and great results. We have now started using another supplier from China. We just ordered our first container from the new supplier and with the savings it more than paid for the ImportGenius.com service on the first container load."
                        







Cleve Kurz

                                
                                                                    Gifford Monument Works                                
                            






                            "Import Genius is not merely an investment for our organization, it’s a vital instrument to effectively manage our time. It has afforded us the ability to quickly segment, target and position ourselves in front of prospective clients. Thank you, Import Genius!"
                        







David Bryant

                                                                    Director of Business Development,                                 
                                                                    John S. James Co.                                
                            






                            "Import Genius data is fantastic for evaluating component manufacturers in China."
                        







Sanjay Dastoor

                                
                                                                    BoostedBoards.com                                
                            






                            "We have confidence that we're working with the best manufacturers in part because Import Genius showed us that they already supply some of the world's top brands"
                        







Yaniv Masjedi

                                                                    Vice President,                                 
                                                                    Nextiva.com                                
                            






                            "Import Genius is a highly informative tool for monitoring public companies' operating activities. It is an invaluable part of our research."
                        







Eric DeLamarter

                                                                    Managing Partner,                                 
                                                                    Half Moon Capital                                
                            






                            "We find new clients for our customs brokerage in the ImportGenius database almost every day"
                        







Jayson Gispan

                                                                    Customs Brokerage Operations Manager,                                 
                                                                    Flexport.com                                
                            






                            "ImportGenius is a great research tool. We use it to evaluate manufacturers to make sure we are working with only the highest quality, most reliable suppliers"
                        







Chris Friedland

                                                                    Founder / CEO,                                 
                                                                    Build.com                                
                            






                            "ImportGenius gave us visibility into the actual shipping histories of the manufacturers we were evaluating and helped us feel comfortable we were working with the best suppliers in China."
                        







Morena Simitic

                                                                    COO,                                 
                                                                    BellaBeat.com                                
                            
























Shipment Alert Subscription



                        Get e-mail alerts when Silver Point Capital  L P has new shipments.                        

Processing, please wait ...









Submit












Contact Silver Point Capital  L P







 



Name



Business



Email



Phone




Submit




Processing, please wait ...

 

 





Features



Save and Share Reports
Easily get your searches out of Import Genius and into your team’s hands for further analysis. Export your findings to XLS or CSV, or send reports via email. It’s the simple things that make our trade data even more valuable to you.



See the Supply Chain
Visual Mapping shows you exactly how your target companies and their trading partners connect. Search by shipper and see everyone they’ve shipped to. Or search by consignee and see all their suppliers. Zoom in on any company to see their own trading network. Dive deep into international trade and discover the links in anyone’s supply chain.



Get Real-time Shipment Alerts
Stay on top of your competitors, suppliers, and customers with real-time alerts. Just set up a search and get an email whenever a new shipment matches your terms. Import Genius lets you know the moment they bring in a rival product or start shipping to a new partner.








Silver Point Capital  L P
You've viewed 20 profile pages on Import Genius, which is the most we allow for free. Sign up for ImportGenius to get more details on over 3 million importers and exporters. It only takes seconds.






Sign Up for Import Genius! 








Plans




Limited
Monitor Your Competitors




Recommended Plan
Plus
Small & Medium Business




Premium
Empire Builder






Price





$
99
594
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    






$
199
1,194
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    






$
399
2,394
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    







Data




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
View Details




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 12 months for all companies
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies
View Details




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from November 2006 to the present for all companies
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies
View Details






Usage





Track the shipping activities of your 3 chosen companies
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 5k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 3 Searches

View Details





25 Searches Per Day
25 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 10k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 5 Searches

View Details





50 Searches Per Day
50 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 25k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 10 Searches

View Details






Features


 


Visual Mapping
View Details




Visual Mapping
View Details






Support




Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
View Details




Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
View Details





Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Dedicated Research Assistant

View Details






  






View All U.S. Imports
Instantly search 109,970,574 ocean freight records to monitor U.S. importers, research suppliers, generate sales leads and more.


As Featured In





















What is Import Genius





Who Uses Import Genius





Available Data Fields







What is Import Genius


												Import Genius reveals the trading activities of importers and exporters around the world.								

												We give you hard data about your overseas suppliers and domestic competitors. Using shipping databases from Customs agencies in the United States, Latin America, and India, Import Genius can help you find reliable new trading partners, monitor your competitors’ shipments, and keep an eye on your current suppliers and customers.								

												Our team of seasoned import-export veterans, cutting-edge software developers, and customer service professionals has worked for years to build the world's most powerful and accessible database of international trade intelligence.								



												We do this for a diverse client base that requires keen insight into international trade.								

												Our customers include some of the world's top importers, exporters, freight forwarders, logistics companies, manufacturers, investment banks, financial analysts, intellectual property attorneys, and more. They use our tools to:								

Research the trade activity of importers and suppliers
Identify and vet new sources for any kind of product
Monitor the competition and their trade connections
Generate sales leads for transportation and logistics companies
Track the activity of publicly-traded companies
Investigate and enforce intellectual property infringement
Ensure exclusive agent compliance




Who Uses Import Genius

Sourcing Professionals...

			Use our service to view shipping histories for suppliers.		

			We provide access to detailed customs records, letting you verify suppliers' true shipping volumes and U.S. customer lists. You can also look up your competing import firms to find where they buy their goods.		
+ Learn More
Competitive Intelligence Analysts...

			Use our service to learn where rivals source products.		

			We give clear insights into the importing volumes, new product releases, and broader competitive dynamics of your industry.		
+ Learn More


Sales & Marketing Teams...

			Use our service to generate sales prospects.		

			We give you the tools to target importers based on product type, location, shipping volumes, and more.		
+ Learn More
Financial Analysts...

			Use our service to monitor public companies' imports.		

			We offer rare data on the success or failure of new product launches, shipping trends and other operating data for companies in any industry.		
+ Learn More



Available Data Fields

Import Genius Data Fields

												By collecting the ocean freight bill of lading for all U.S. imports in our database, Import Genius provides unprecedented access to near real-time information on virtually every industry and company importing goods into the country.								

												For each shipment entering the U.S. by ocean, we provide access to the following information.								
Additional Fields Available for Some Shipments:

Phone Number
Fax Number
Email
Contact Person



List of Data Fields



ConsigneeThe company importing the shipment into the U.S.Consignee AddressThe address of the company importing the shipment into the U.S.ShipperThe overseas company exporting the shipment to the U.S.Shipper AddressThe address of the overseas company exporting the shipment to the U.S.Product DescriptionThe exporter's description of the shipment as it appears on the bill of lading or shipping manifestGross WeightThe gross weight of the shipment, excluding the weight of the actual container. This can appear in either pounds or kilograms at the discretion of the exporterNumber Of UnitsThe quantity of boxes customs would find if they were to open the shipment for inspection.VolumeThe volume of the shipment, generally defined in cubic meters or container base measurements (CBM)Arrival DateThe date the shipment arrives within the customs territory of the U.S.Foreign PortThe last port the shipment passes through before arriving in the U.S.Country Of OriginThe country of the last foreign port the shipment passes through before arriving in the U.S.U.S. PortThe U.S. port where the shipment enters the customs territory of the U.S.Carrier CodeThe four digit Standard Carrier Alpha Code of the ocean carrier or freight forwarder managing the transit of the shipmentVoyage NumberA unique code assigned to that particular sailing of the ship between two portsVessel NameThe name of the ship transporting the shipmentShip Registered InThe country where the ship is officially registeredBill Of Lading NumberThe unique number assigned to this particular shipment by the ocean carrier or freight forwarderContainer NumberThe unique number assigned to the ocean shipping container carrying the shipment in questionMarks & NumbersAny text or numbers appearing on the cartons 

















Import Genius

How It Works
Plans & Pricing
Our Trade Data Blog
Search
Latin Trade Data

Import Genius Reviews & Press Coverage
Who Uses Import Genius
Contact Us



Latest Posts




                                    Trump Properties Have…                                




                                    India, US palm oil imports…                                




                                    Chilean salmon exports…                                




                                    Limited Plan Now Available                                




                                    Solar panels: imports…                                




Company Profiles



                                    Au Maison                                



                                    Michal Pawlik East West                                



                                    Champion Food                                



                                    Dhl International Supply Chain (hon                                



                                    Jf Hillebrand On Behalf Of Produc                                











                     
                                            109,970,574  Records in our database and counting





Customer Support Team: 

                    Tel:  855-573-9976
                    International: +1 480-745-3396
                    Fax: +1 602-428-9400
info@importgenius.com

                    8901 E Pima Center Pkwy, 
		    Suite 105 
                    Scottsdale, AZ 85258


Shanghai, China:

                    Tel: +86-21-63806036


                    Mobile No.: +86-13671737628
                    Fax Number: +86-21-63806036


Shenzhen, China
                    
                            Tel: +86-755-89517585
                            Mob: +86-13925258002
                            Fax: +86-755-89517585                



Have questions? We'll reply quickly!





									         		Type your info below								         		











Message



Submit

Processing, please wait ...

 

 

                Trainings, Demos, and General Contact All Available            
Or Call Us:
Service:

                    +1-855-573-9976                
Sales:

                    +1-855-573-9976                
Back to top

 





All Rights Reserved. Copyright © 2017. Trade Data Services, Inc. 0.3302
 






 

 




We're Offline
Please leave us a message



To chat with a representative of Import Genius, your browser needs to be Internet Explorer 9 or higher. Please fill out the form below and a representative will contact you as soon as possible.



Name



Email



Phone



Message



Send




X
















	SILVER POINT Trademark of SILVER POINT CAPITAL, L.P.. Serial Number: 77706563 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Insurance & Financial Services
SILVER POINT










 
Get FREE email alerts













SILVER POINT  Trademark Information
 SILVER POINT CAPITAL, L.P.
Financial services, namely, investment management services, private equity fund investment services, financial portfolio management services, investment in the field of distressed debt, leveraged buyouts, and venture capital, financial management, financial consultation relating to investment transactions, lending consultancy and advisory services, and financial consultancy and advisory services




Perfect for these industries

Insurance & Financial Services





Words that describe this mark
financial   services         investment   management   services      private   equity   fund   investment   services      financial   portfolio   management   services      investment   field   distressed   debt      leveraged   buyouts    
                                    




This is a brand page for the SILVER POINT trademark by SILVER POINT CAPITAL, L.P. 
                                in Greenwich, CT, 06830.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this SILVER POINT trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner SILVER POINT CAPITAL, L.P. of the SILVER POINT trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the SILVER POINT trademark.
                           






On Friday, April 3, 2009,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        SILVER POINT by 
                        SILVER POINT CAPITAL, L.P., Greenwich, CT  06830.
                        The USPTO has given the SILVER POINT 
                        trademark serial  number of  77706563.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is CONTINUED USE AND INCONTESTIBILITY ACCEPTED.
                        The correspondent listed for SILVER POINT is 
                        
                        
                                            SCOTT M. KAREFF, ESQ. of 
                                            SCHULTE ROTH & ZABEL LLP,  22nd Floor, 919 Third Avenue New York NY 10022-3902
                                .
                            The SILVER POINT trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Insurance & Financial Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for SILVER POINT 
                            is Financial services, namely, investment management services, private equity fund investment services, financial portfolio management services, investment in the field of distressed debt, leveraged buyouts, and venture capital, financial management, financial consultation relating to investment transactions, lending consultancy and advisory services, and financial consultancy and advisory services. 
                            





Word mark:
 SILVER POINT


  Status/Status Date:  


CONTINUED USE AND INCONTESTIBILITY ACCEPTED

4/23/2015



  Serial Number:  
77706563


  Filing Date:  
4/3/2009


 Registration Number:  
3739107 


 Registration Date:  
1/19/2010


 Goods and Services: 
Financial services, namely, investment management services, private equity fund investment services, financial portfolio management services, investment in the field of distressed debt, leveraged buyouts, and venture capital, financial management, financial consultation relating to investment transactions, lending consultancy and advisory services, and financial consultancy and advisory services


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
11/3/2009


Last Applicant/Owner:

SILVER POINT CAPITAL, L.P.Greenwich, CT  06830
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


SCOTT M. KAREFF, ESQ.
SCHULTE ROTH & ZABEL LLP
22nd Floor
919 Third Avenue
New York NY 10022-3902





 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (036) - Insurance; financial affairs; monetary affairs; real estate affairs. 


First Use Anywhere: 
1/14/2002


First Use In Commerce: 
1/14/2002





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your SILVER POINT trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

4/23/2015
CONTINUED USE AND INCONTESTIBILITY ACCEPTED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



SCOTT M. KAREFF, ESQ.


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of SILVER POINT trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search silverpoint on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for SILVER POINT 




SILVER POINT is providing Financial services, namely, investment management services, private equity fund investment services, financial portfolio management services, investment in the field of distressed debt, leveraged buyouts, and venture capital, financial management, financial consultation relating to investment transactions, lending consultancy and advisory services, and financial consultancy and advisory services.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 




















Silver Point Capital, L.p                                                                                                - Greenwich                                         , CT         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



CT



Greenwich



Investors, Nec



Investors, Nec



                            Silver Point Capital, L.p
                                    



 





















S 


Silver Point Capital, L.p                                                                                               
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



2 GREENWICH PLZ STE 1 GREENWICH, CT 06830
Get Directions



(203) 622-1536
www.silverpointcapital.com                                                                              





Business Info



 Founded 2001
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $180,000.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Investors, Nec
 Contacts  







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2001, Silver Point Capital, L.p                                                                                                has been providing Investors, Nec from Greenwich. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







S

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.














 



Silver Point Capital, L.P. UK Regulatory Announcement: Form 8.3 - Co-Operative Bank PLC | Business Wire


























































      Form 8.3 - Co-Operative Bank PLC
    





February 22, 2017 12:47 PM Eastern Standard Time



LONDON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--

FORM 8.3


PUBLIC OPENING POSITION DISCLOSURE/DEALING DISCLOSURE BY A PERSON 
      WITH INTERESTS IN RELEVANT SECURITIES REPRESENTING 1% OR MORE


Rule 8.3 of the Takeover Code (the “Code”)


1. KEY INFORMATION




           
        

           
        

           
        



(a) Full name of discloser:


           
        

          - Silver Point Capital, L.P.

          
            - Silver Point Capital Fund, L.P.
          

            - Silver Point Capital Offshore Master Fund, L.P.
          




(b) Owner or controller of interests and short positions 
          disclosed, if different from 1(a):

The naming of nominee or vehicle companies is insufficient. For 
            a trust, the trustee(s), settlor and beneficiaries must be named.



           
        

          N/A
        



(c) Name of offeror/offeree in relation to whose relevant 
          securities this form relates:

Use a separate form for each offeror/offeree



           
        

          Co-Operative Bank PLC
        



(d) If an exempt fund manager connected with an offeror/offeree, 
          state this and specify identity of offeror/offeree:


           
        

          N/A
        



(e) Date position held/dealing undertaken:

For an opening position disclosure, state the latest 
            practicable date prior to the disclosure



           
        

          February 22, 2017
        



(f) In addition to the company in 1(c) above, is the discloser 
          making disclosures in respect of any other party to the offer?

If it is a cash offer or possible cash offer, state “N/A”



           
        

          N/A

          
If YES, specify which:





2. POSITIONS OF THE PERSON MAKING THE DISCLOSURE


If there are positions or rights to subscribe to disclose in more 
      than one class of relevant securities of the offeror or offeree named in 
      1(c), copy table 2(a) or (b) (as appropriate) for each additional class 
      of relevant security.


(a) Interests and short positions in the relevant securities 
      of the offeror or offeree to which the disclosure relates following the 
      dealing (if any)




Class of relevant security:


           
        

Equity







             
          


           
        

Interests


           
        

Short positions






           
        

           
        

Number


           
        

%


           
        

Number


           
        

%






(1) Relevant securities owned and/or controlled:


           
        

          63,775,461
        

           
        

          14.13%
        

           
        

           
        

           
        

           
        





(2) Cash-settled derivatives:


           
        

           
        

           
        

           
        

           
        

           
        

           
        

           
        





(3) Stock-settled derivatives (including options) and agreements 
          to purchase/sell:


           
        

           
        

           
        

           
        

           
        

           
        

           
        

           
        






TOTAL:



           
        

          63,775,461
        

           
        

          14.13%
        

           
        

           
        

           
        

           
        





All interests and all short positions should be disclosed.


Details of any open stock-settled derivative positions (including 
      traded options), or agreements to purchase or sell relevant securities, 
      should be given on a Supplemental Form 8 (Open Positions).


(b) Rights to subscribe for new securities (including 
      directors’ and other employee options)




Class of relevant security in relation to which subscription 
          right exists:


           
        



Details, including nature of the rights concerned and relevant 
          percentages:


           
        



3. DEALINGS (IF ANY) BY THE PERSON MAKING THE DISCLOSURE


Where there have been dealings in more than one class of relevant 
      securities of the offeror or offeree named in 1(c), copy table 3(a), 
      (b), (c) or (d) (as appropriate) for each additional class of relevant 
      security dealt in.


The currency of all prices and other monetary amounts should be 
      stated.


(a) Purchases and sales




Class of relevant security


           
        

Purchase/sale


           
        

Number of securities


           
        

Price per unit







N/A



           
        


             
          


           
        

           
        

           
        

           
        





(b) Cash-settled derivative transactions




Class of relevant security


           
        

Product description

e.g. CFD



           
        

Nature of dealing

e.g. opening/closing a long/short position, increasing/reducing 
            a long/short position



           
        

Number of reference securities


           
        

Price per unit







            N/A
          


           
        


             
          


           
        

           
        

           
        

           
        

           
        

           
        





(c) Stock-settled derivative transactions (including options)


(i) Writing, selling, purchasing or varying




Class of relevant security


Product description e.g. call option


Writing, purchasing, selling, varying etc.


Number of securities to which option relates


Exercise price per unit


Type

e.g. American, European etc.



Expiry date


Option money paid/ received per unit




          N/A
        

           
        

           
        

           
        

           
        

           
        

           
        

           
        



(ii) Exercise




Class of relevant security


           
        

Product description

e.g. call option



           
        

Exercising/ exercised against


           
        

Number of securities


           
        

Exercise price per unit






          N/A
        

           
        

           
        

           
        

           
        

           
        

           
        

           
        


             
          






(d) Other dealings (including subscribing for new securities)




Class of relevant security


           
        

Nature of dealing

e.g. subscription, conversion



           
        

Details


           
        

Price per unit (if applicable)






          N/A
        

           
        


             
          


           
        

           
        

           
        

           
        





4. OTHER INFORMATION


(a) Indemnity and other dealing arrangements




Details of any indemnity or option arrangement, or any agreement 
          or understanding, formal or informal, relating to relevant 
          securities which may be an inducement to deal or refrain from 
          dealing entered into by the person making the disclosure and any 
          party to the offer or any person acting in concert with a party to 
          the offer:

Irrevocable commitments and letters of intent should not be 
            included. If there are no such agreements, arrangements or 
            understandings, state “none”






None





(b) Agreements, arrangements or understandings relating to 
      options or derivatives




Details of any agreement, arrangement or understanding, formal or 
          informal, between the person making the disclosure and any other 
          person relating to:

(i) the voting rights of any relevant securities under any 
            option; or 


(ii) the voting rights or future acquisition or disposal of any 
            relevant securities to which any derivative is referenced:


If there are no such agreements, arrangements or 
            understandings, state “none”






None





(c) Attachments




Is a Supplemental Form 8 (Open Positions) attached?


          NO
        





Date of disclosure:


           
        

February 22, 2017




Contact name:


           
        

Brett Rodda




Telephone number:


           
        

203-542-4208




Public disclosures under Rule 8 of the Code must be made to a 
      Regulatory Information Service.


The Panel’s Market Surveillance Unit is available for consultation in 
      relation to the Code’s disclosure requirements on +44 (0)20 7638 0129.


The Code can be viewed on the Panel’s website at www.thetakeoverpanel.org.uk.




Short Name: Silver Point Capital, L.P.
Category Code: RET
Sequence Number: 578131
Time of Receipt (offset from UTC): 20170222T163154+0000



Contacts

      Silver Point Capital, L.P.
    












Contacts

      Silver Point Capital, L.P.
    






 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up























 













SILVER POINT CAPITAL L.P. Institutional Portfolio - NASDAQ.com
























































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search






















Home > 
	Quotes > 
	Ownership & Insider Trades > 
    Institutional Portfolio






SILVER POINT CAPITAL L.P.






TWO GREENWICH PLAZA, FIRST FLOOR, GREENWICH,  Connecticut, 06830, (203) 542-4000


Report Date: 03/31/2017

Position Statistics


Total Positions
28


New Positions
8


Increased Positions
11


Decreased Positions
14


Positions with Activity
25


Sold Out Positions
5


Total Mkt Value (in $ millions)
1,151



Institutional Holdings information is filed by major institutions on form 13-F with the Securities and Exchange Commission.



Sector Weighting



Energy
18.97%


Basic Materials
0%


Industrials
12.87%


Consumer Cyclicals
22.65%


Consumer Non-Cyclicals



Financials
44.27%


Healthcare
0.28%


Technology



Telecommunication Services



Utilities
0.97%









Total Positions




New




Increased




Decreased




Activity




Sold Out






28 Positions as of 03/31/2017


Company

Class

Value of Shares ($1,000s) ▼

Change in Value ($1,000s)

Change (%)

Shares Held



COOPER STD HLDGS INC
COM
162,303
-51,881
(24.22)
1,569,513


SPDR S&P 500 ETF TR
TR UNIT
140,968
140,968
New
571,000


BASIC ENERGY SVCS INC NEW
COM NEW
134,056
-13,081
(8.89)
4,883,649


ENPRO INDS INC
COM
129,990
2,905
2.29
1,790,000


ISHARES TR
RUSSELL 2000 ETF
105,487
105,487
New
740,000


PHH CORP
COM NEW
74,104
15,244
25.90
5,315,900


QUALITY CARE PPTYS INC
COM
71,866
71,866
New
3,870,000


ALLY FINL INC
COM
64,913
-12,939
(16.62)
2,960,000


AMERICAN INTL GROUP INC
WT EXP 011921
42,240
-3,454
(7.56)
1,920,000


C&J ENERGY SVCS INC NEW
COM
32,670
32,670
New
1,043,763


CAESARS ACQUISITION CO
CL A
32,203

New
1,598,186


ADIENT PLC
ORD SHS
31,263
31,263
New
455,000


PENN VA CORP NEW
COM
27,847

New
742,797


CAESARS ENTMT CORP
COM
23,451

New
1,846,500


KEY ENERGY SVCS INC DEL
COM
21,418
-1,584
(6.89)
1,139,241


TOPBUILD CORP
COM
18,093
-45,944
(71.75)
344,700


TERRAFORM GLOBAL INC
CL A
11,110
11,110
New
2,200,000


TRAVELPORT WORLDWIDE LTD
SHS
11,080
-9,066
(45)
770,000


AMERICAN INTL GROUP INC
COM NEW
9,951
-289
(2.82)
155,000


QUORUM HEALTH CORP
COM
3,179
1,264
66
830,000




<< first< previous12next >last >>








Latest News Headlines




                            Farmers Capital Bank Corporation Announces Common Dividend
                        



	                     8:00PM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                




                            Sarepta Therapeutics Announces Pricing of $325 Million Public Offering of Common Stock
                        



	                     8:00PM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                




                            Pacific Biosciences of California, Inc. Second Quarter 2017 Financial Results Call
                        



	                     7:58PM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                




                            Cray to Announce Second Quarter 2017 Financial Results on Thursday, July 27 at 4:30 P.M. ET
                        



	                     7:50PM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                




                            Alphabet beats revenue forecast, but warns about rising costs
                        



	                     7:31PM ET  - Reuters
	                





View All Latest Headlines



































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX








































 
































Silver Point Capital, L.P., Two Greenwich Plaza 1st Floor Greenwich Ct 06830 Usa | Buyer Report — Panjiva





 












Panjiva

MENU 





Panjiva


Solutions

Buyers
Suppliers
Logistics
Governments
Analysts



Products

Platform
Enterprise
API



Our Data

United States Trade Data
Mexico Trade Data
Brazil Trade Data
Central & South America Data
China Trade Data
Trendspotting
Panjiva Research


Pricing
Search

English


Español 

中文 








Demo Request a Demo 

+1-646-205-0594


Sign in 











Silver Point Capital, L.P.
Company profile made by Panjiva 
 Company profile  Buyer company  United States






        See Silver Point Capital, L.P.'s products and suppliers
      
Thousands of companies like you use Panjiva to research suppliers and competitors.


Sign Up

        1 min video
      






Easy access to trade data
 

U.S. Customs records organized by company
5 U.S. shipments available for Silver Point Capital, L.P., updated weekly since 2007




Date
Buyer
Supplier
Details

          41          more fields
        


2010-06-07
See all 5 shipment records for Silver Point Capital, L.P. with a Panjiva data plan.Request a DemoorSign Up 

2008-02-20


2008-02-13
Silver Point Capital, L.P.
Taiwan Kodai Co., Ltd.
Spare Parts (1331 Ctns=155 Plts) Lcd Multimedia Display & \N Spare Parts (1331 Ctns=155 Plts) Lcd Multimedia Display & \N Spare Parts (1331 Ctns=155 Plts) Lcd Multimedia Display & \N Spare Parts (1331 Ctns=155 Plts) Lcd Multimedia Display & \N(1331 Ctns=155 Plts) Lcd Multimedia Display & Spare Parts \N(1331 Ctns=155 Plts) Lcd Multimedia Display & Spare Parts \N(1331 Ctns=155 Plts) Lcd Multimedi...
Bill of lading


Shipment data shows what products a company is trading and more.
      Learn more 



Quickly analyze trade relationships




Network view map
Explore trading relationships hidden in US import data.
See all 2 suppliers of Silver Point Capital, L.P.
 Learn more about network view 




Top suppliers


Taiwan Kodai Co., Ltd. 






Sign up to access 







2 suppliers available
        


Top products


lcd multimedia display 





lcd multimedia 





multimedia display 





lcd 





display 






10 top products available
        





Contact information for Silver Point Capital, L.P.


 

Address
Two Greenwich Plaza 1st Floor Greenwich Ct 06830 Usa

 



Sign up to access 


 




           

      

75 employee contacts for Silver Point Capital, L.P.




Job title
Name
Email
Phone number



 See all 75 Employee Contacts





Sample Bill of Lading
5 shipment records available



Date
2010-06-07


Shipper Name
Premier Moves


Shipper Address
PREMIER HOUSE, 1 ANDRA STREET, LONDON   GB


Consignee Name
Silver Point Capital


Consignee Address
2 GREENWICH PLAZA, GREENWICH CT 06830, US


Weight
800


Weight Unit
KG


Weight in KG
800.0


Quantity
9


Quantity Unit
PCS


Country of Origin
United Kingdom


Details
800.0 kgFrom port: Southhampton, United KingdomTo port: New York, New York


Place of Receipt
Laindon


Foreign Port of Lading
Southhampton, United Kingdom


U.S. Port of Unlading
New York, New York


U.S. Destination Port
New York, New York


Commodity
Archive Boxes


Container
HLXU6017194


Marks Description
Silver Point Capital Usa


Carrier Name
NACA (VANGUARD LOGISTICS SERVICES)


Vessel Name
OOCL NAGOYA


Voyage Number
07W21


Bill of Lading Number
NAQANYC0547629V


Master Bill of Lading Number
HLCULIV100545285


Lloyd's Code
9445538


HTS Codes
HTS 8409







 



Buyers of similar products 
archive buyersdisplay buyerslcd multimedia buyersmultimedia buyersspare parts buyers




Suppliers of similar products
archive manufacturersdisplay manufacturerslcd multimedia manufacturersmultimedia manufacturersspare parts manufacturers




Buyers similar to Silver Point Capital, L.P.

Mta EastY&Y Trading Inc.Newark FlooringAdir International Llc Dba LaStandard Motor Products Inc.







Thousands of companies use Panjiva to research suppliers and competitors

Sign Up











Solutions
Buyers
Suppliers
Logistics
Governments
Analysts




Products
Platform
Enterprise
API




Data
United States
Mexico
Brazil
Central & South America
China
Panjiva Research
Partners




Company
Leadership Team
Board of Directors
Blog
Press
Contact
Jobs



                20 West 22nd Street, Suite 706New York, NY, 10010 / USA                ‌
Request a demo











English


Español 

中文 






Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Sitemap





© 2017 Panjiva, Inc.







Cart (0) 
Continue Browsing
 







 





