

#341 Matthew J Simoncini - Forbes.com


















Home
Business
Tech
Markets
Entrepreneurs
Leadership
Personal Finance
ForbesLife
Lists
Opinions
Video
Blogs
E-mail Newsletters
Portfolio Tracker
Special Reports
Commerce
Energy
Health Care
Logistics
Manufacturing
Media
Services
Technology
Wall Street
Washington
CIO Network
Enterprise Tech
Infoimaging
Internet Infrastructure
Internet
Personal Tech
Sciences
Security
Wireless
Bonds
Commodities
Currencies
Economy
Emerging Markets
Equities
Options
Finance
Human Resources
Law & Taxation
Sales & Marketing
Management
Technology
Careers
Compensation
Corporate Citizenship
Corporate Governance
Managing
Innovation
CEO Network
Reference
ETFs
Guru Insights
Investing Ideas
Investor Education
Mutual Funds
Philanthropy
Retirement & College
Taxes & Estates
Collecting
Health
Real Estate
Sports
Style
Travel
Vehicles
Wine & Food
100 Top Celebrities
400 Richest Americans
Largest Private Cos
World's Richest People
All Forbes Lists
Business Opinions
Investing
Technology Opinions
Washington & The World
Companies
People
Reference
Technology
Companies
Events
People
Reference
Companies
People
Companies
Events
People
Reference
Companies
Events
People
Reference































CEO Compensation
#341 Matthew J Simoncini

04.04.12, 12:00 PM EDT










 Hamid R Moghadam


 A Greig Woodring







Total Compensation
$4.585,6 mil
5-Year Compensation
NA
Education:
College: Wayne State University BA
Graduate School: NA




Matthew J Simoncini has been CEO of Lear
	(LEA) for one year.
	Mr. Simoncini has been with the company for 16 years.
	The 51 year old executive ranks 9 within Consumer Durables


Matthew J Simoncini's Compensation vs. Consumer Durables Medians


Salary$0.655,6 mil$1.22 mil


Bonus$1.06 mil$3.00 mil


Other$2.87 mil$3.01 mil


Stock GainsNA$0.00 mil


Total Compensation$4.585,6 mil$7.33 mil





Matthew J Simoncini Ownership Of Lear


Industry Medians


Stock Owned (% Of Co)0.00%0.10%


Stock Owned$0.0 mil$0.02 mil


Lear's Stock Performance


Total Return During Tenure0%


Relative to Market74




Lear

(LEA: quote,
				news)
				
21557 Telegraph RoadSouthfield, MI 48034Michigan


www.lear.com








 Hamid R Moghadam


 A Greig Woodring




CEO Compensation

Complete Coverage | Complete Rankings



Methodology: 
	Compensation rank is based on total compensation for latest fiscal year. Total compensation for each chief executive includes the following: salary and bonuses; other compensation, such as vested restricted stock grants, LTIP payouts and perks; and stock gains, the value realized by exercising stock options. Efficiency rank is based on our chief executive's performance/pay score. Ranks are given only to chief executives who have a six-year tenure and six-year compensation history. The most efficient rank is 1 and least efficient is 206.

Footnotes: 
	Compensation data is from the latest available proxy statements filed through Mar. 23, 2012. Total returns and value of stock owned (including all classes) is based on Mar. 14, 2011 stock price. Compensation percent change is based on combined salary and bonus. Annualized total return during tenure covers the tenure of the executive or from the time of the IPO or available stock history. Relative to market is the ending value of $100 invested in the stock, divided by the ending value of $1 invested in the S & P 500 (a score of 100 = the S & P 500). NA: Not available or not applicable.  
1Annualized.
	2Four-year total.
	3Three-year total.
	4Less than 0.01%.
	5Prior-year data.
	6New chief executive; compensation may be for another executive office.
	7Less than $100,000.
	8Includes shares indirectly held.
	*Return is for less than tenure.
	
Sources: Company SEC filings; Interactive Data, LionShares and Thomson Reuters Fundamentals via FactSet Research Systems; Forbes.






Two Studies Show Obesity Surgery Can Reverse DiabetesStocks That Ooze Dividends And CheapnessInside Billionaire Alexander Rovt's $27 Million Man Cave


Read All Comments




































	
        Compensation Information for Matthew J. Simoncini , President and Chief Executive Officer of LEAR CORP | Salary.com
    


























Enterprise
Small Business
Personal




Contact Us
Log In


































Salaries
Jobs
Education
Advice
























 





Matthew J. Simoncini 
Executive Compensation
As President and Chief Executive Officer at LEAR CORP, Matthew J. Simoncini  made $14,416,108 in total compensation.  Of this total $1,354,500 was received as a salary, $3,810,240 was received as a bonus, $0 was received in stock options, $8,524,711 was awarded as stock and $726,657 came from other types of compensation. This information is according to proxy statements filed for the 2016 fiscal year. 


ENTER AN EXECUTIVE OR COMPANY NAME
New Search


Go



The chart on this page features a breakdown of the total annual pay for Matthew J. Simoncini ,  President and Chief Executive Officer at LEAR CORP as reported in their proxy statements. 
Total Cash Compensation information is comprised of yearly Base Pay and Bonuses. LEAR CORP income statements for executive base pay and bonus are filed yearly with the SEC in the edgar filing system. LEAR CORP annual reports of executive compensation and pay are most commonly found in the Def 14a documents.
Total Equity aggregates grant date fair value of stock and option awards and long term incentives granted during the fiscal year.
Other Compensation covers all compensation-like awards that don't fit in any of these other standard categories. Numbers reported do not include change in pension value and non-qualified deferred compensation earnings.



Other Executives at this Company


Raymond E. Scott 
Terrence B. Larkin 
Jeffrey H. Vanneste 
Frank C. Orsini 







Matthew J. Simoncini 


Base Pay$1,354,500
Bonus + Incentive Comp$3,810,240
Total Cash Compensation$5,164,740


Stock Award Value$8,524,711
Option Award Value$0
Total Equity$8,524,711



Total Other$726,657



Total Compensation$14,416,108




Browse Executives by First Name
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z


Browse Companies by Company Name
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
#



This report is not for commercial use. Thorough reviews have been conducted to assure this data accurately reflects disclosures. However for a complete and definitive understanding of the pay practices of any company, users should refer directly to the actual, complete proxy statement. 
Use of Data / Disclaimer
The information shown here is a reporting of information included in the company's proxy statement. The proxy statement includes footnotes and explanations of this information plus other information that is pertinent in assessing the overall value and appropriateness of the compensation information. For those interested in conducting a detailed compensation analysis, we recommend that you review the entire proxy statement. You may retrieve the full proxy statement by going to the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) website at www.sec.gov and entering the company's name and then looking in the first column for an entry of "Form DEF 14A" (or any similar code). You may also find the annual proxy statement by going directly to the company's website.
What is a proxy statement?
A proxy statement (or "proxy") is a form that every publicly traded U.S. company is required to file with the U.S. Securities & Exchange Commission (SEC) within 120 days after the end of its fiscal year. The proxy must be sent to every shareholder in advance of the company's annual shareholders meeting. All proxy statements are public filings made available to the general public by the SEC.
The proxy statement's main purpose is to alert shareholders to the annual meeting and provide them information about the issues that will be voted on during the annual meeting, including decisions such as electing directors, ratifying the selection of auditors, and other shareholder-related decisions, including shareholder-initiated initiatives. Also, proxies must disclose specific detailed information regarding the pay practices for certain executives.







    





 

 






     

privacy policy
terms of use
about us
contact us

©  Salary.com. All rights reserved.


US Salaries
Canadian Salaries
Purchase a Salary Report
Salaries by Category
Salaries by Income
Salaries by Industry
Popular Salaries
Negotiation Tips
Benefits Calculator
Search Job Openings
Job Openings by State
Job Openings by Category
Education by Career
Education by Level
Education by Major
Cost of Living Calculator
























 



Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Matthew J Simoncini - Matthew J Simoncini Net Worth













































 
 






























Top 100

Top List
Top 10 richest in US
Top 10 Richest Rappers
Top 10 Richest Royals
Top 10 Richest Teen Celebrities
Top 10 Richest Women


Athletes

Baseball
Boxers
Footballers
NBA
NFL
Soccer
Tennis
wrestlers
MMA
Race Car
Coaches


Businessmen

Billionaires
CEOs
Executives
Criminals
Designers
Wall Street
Producers
Lawyers
Companies


Celebrities

Actors
Authors
Producers
Comedians
Directors
Models
Rappers
Rock Stars
Politicians

Democrats
Presidents
Republicans
Royals
Sheiks


Singers


News

Celebrities Real Estate


Galleries
 











 












"Matthew J Simoncini"











Matthew J Simoncini
· In Businessmen 



Read more...



 Matthew J SimonciniMatthew J Simoncini Net Worth is 0.0 $Million.. ...
Matthew J Simoncini Net Worth is 0.0 $Million. Matthew J Simoncini Net Worth is 0.0 $Million. ...Read more about Matthew J SimonciniMatthew J Simoncini Latest News




Lear Elects Matt Simoncini Chief Executive Officer; Bob Rossiter to Step Down as CEO After 40 Years of Service
Further information about Lear is available on the internet at http://www.lear.com. Matthew J. Simoncini has been elected chief executive officer, president and a director of Lear Corporation effective September 1, 2011. In his new role, Simoncini will ...
Posted: August 10, 2011, 12:00 am




Lear Names Matthew J. Simoncini Chief Financial Officer
SOUTHFIELD, Mich., Oct. 1, 2007 -- Lear Corporation a leading global supplier of automotive seating systems, electrical distribution systems and electronic products, today announced Matthew J. Simoncini has been appointed chief financial officer, effective ...
Posted: September 30, 2007, 5:00 pm




BRIEF-Lear says CEO Matthew Simoncini's 2015 compensation was $13.6 mln vs $12.2 mln in 2014
Says Ceo Matthew J. Simoncini fy 2015 total compensation $13.6 million versus $12.2 million in fy 2014 * Says Cfo Jeffrey H. Vanneste fy 2015 total compensation $4.1 million versus $4 million in fy 2014 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage ...
Posted: March 31, 2016, 2:02 pm




Matthew J. Simoncini
Mr. Matthew J. Simoncini, also known as Matt, has been the Chief Executive officer and President of Lear Corp. since September 01, 2011. Mr. Simoncini served as the Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President of Lear Corp. from September 2007 to ...
Posted: July 18, 2017, 5:07 pm




Lear (LEA) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript
Jeffrey H. Vanneste - Lear Corp. Matthew J. Simoncini - Lear Corp. Frank C. Orsini - Lear Corp. Analysts Itay Michaeli - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. David Tamberrino - Goldman Sachs & Co. Rod Lache - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Brian A. Johnson ...
Posted: July 26, 2017, 8:02 am



Related Topics: How Much Is Matthew J Simoncini Earnings, How Much Is Matthew J Simoncini Income, How Much Is Matthew J Simoncini Net Worth, How Much Is Matthew J Simoncini Salary, How Much Is Matthew J Simoncini Worth, Matthew J Simoncini, Matthew J Simoncini Age, Matthew J Simoncini Bio, Matthew J Simoncini Country, Matthew J Simoncini Date Of Birth, Matthew J Simoncini Earnings, Matthew J Simoncini Ethnicity, Matthew J Simoncini Gossips, Matthew J Simoncini Height, Matthew J Simoncini History, Matthew J Simoncini Home Town, Matthew J Simoncini Images, Matthew J Simoncini Income, Matthew J Simoncini Job, Matthew J Simoncini Lear, Matthew J Simoncini Nationality, Matthew J Simoncini Net Worth, Matthew J Simoncini Networth, Matthew J Simoncini News, Matthew J Simoncini Partner, Matthew J Simoncini Place Of Birth, Matthew J Simoncini Rumors, Matthew J Simoncini Salary, Matthew J Simoncini Secrets, Matthew J Simoncini Videos, Matthew J Simoncini Weight, Who Is Matthew J Simoncini, 






















 












 
Top 10 Richest in US
Top 10 Richest Rappers
Top 10 Richest Royals
Top 10 Richest Teens
Top 10 Richest Women
THE RICHESTS








 
















 

FeaturedLucy Pinder Net WorthBrittny Gastineau 2 Net WorthNiki Taylor Net WorthScarlett Johansson black dress outshines Maserati in Venice film festivalCapri Anderson Net WorthChristy Canyon Net WorthBrad Pitt Net WorthAaron Paul Net WorthMatt Lauer Net WorthPopular Posts


 






 




 











 
 
 








					Get Net Worth				



About us
Latest Posts
Top Players
Content Feedback Form
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Contact us


© 2013 GetNetWorth.com
Email: info@getnetworth.com
Articles by Erica David
GetNetWorth Facebook Page 










































































Matthew Simoncini - Dolphin Enterprise Solutions Corporation






































 



 







 
Customer Login

social-search-left








(888) 305-9033


social-search








(888) 305-9033


 

Dolphin Enterprise Solutions CorporationSAP Solutions 
Home / Matthew SimonciniMatthew SimonciniMatthew, an enterprise solutions architect, has over 20 years of SAP experience, both as a consultant and company employee, supporting and developing solutions for ERP and BI/BW environments. His broad knowledge of SAP and extensive understanding of corporate IT strategy makes him an integral part of the Dolphin consulting team.

His areas of specialization include, SAP Basis, HANA, Technical Architecture, Virtualization and Private Cloud.Matthew Simoncini
Matthew, an enterprise solutions architect, has over 20 years of SAP experience, both as a consultant and company employee, supporting and developing solutions for ERP and BI/BW environments. His broad knowledge of SAP and extensive understanding of corporate IT strategy makes him an integral part of the Dolphin consulting team.
His areas of specialization include, SAP Basis, HANA, Technical Architecture, Virtualization and Private Cloud.
Dolphin
Our Company
Data Solutions
Process Solutions
Data Management
Document Management
Process Tracking System
Careers
News
Events
Contact Us

Recent updates
 
Top Trends from SAPPHIRE 2017...                            

  We’re finally back from SAPPHIRE NOW 2017 + ASUG… 
Dolphin and Hanse Orga Group: A Winning Combination for Employees, Customers and the Industry...                            

  By Dr. Werner Hopf Today I am very proud…

Follow us






Contact us

17485 Monterey RoadSuite 201Morgan Hill, CA 95037

Phone: 1-888-305-9033
 










































Home
Solutions

Data Solutions

Data Volume Management
Audit and Compliance
Corporate Transformation
Decommissioning


Process Solutions

Accounts Payable
Accounts Receivable
Finance & Administration
Sales & Distribution




Products

Data Management
Document Management
Process Tracking System


Services

Consulting
Support


Resources
Our Company

Leadership
Careers
Partners
Events
News
Blog


Contact Us









	Matthew J. Simoncini | Lear Corporation






























Skip to main content
Skip to main navigation
Skip to side menu
Skip to footer
































Home  / 
        Company  /  Leadership  /  Management  /  Matthew J. Simoncini   
        

        









 Overview History Vision Core Values Leadership Management Board of Directors Strategy Major Industry Trends Press Room Idea Portal Resources






        Matthew J. Simoncini
President, Chief Executive Officer and Director




Mr. Simoncini has served as President, Chief Executive Officer and a director of the Company since September 2011. In this role, Mr. Simoncini is responsible for the strategic direction and operational leadership of the Company. Formerly, Mr. Simoncini was Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, a role he had held since September 2007. As Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, he was responsible for the Company’s global Finance operations, including external Financial Reporting, Corporate Business Planning & Analysis, Corporate Strategy and Business Development as well as Information Technology activities worldwide. In August 2006, Mr. Simoncini was named Senior Vice President of Finance and Chief Accounting Officer where he was responsible for the Company’s worldwide operational finance, accounting and financial reporting. Prior to that, he was vice president of Global Finance, a position he had held since June 2004. Mr. Simoncini also served as the Company’s Vice President of Finance — Europe as well as held the Vice President of Finance position for the Company’s Electrical & Electronics business and DaimlerChrysler division. Mr. Simoncini joined United Technologies Automotive (“UTA”) in April 1996 as director of Finance for the Motors Division with responsibility for the financial activities of the business unit. At the time of the Company’s acquisition of UTA in May 1999, Mr. Simoncini was director of Global Financial Planning & Analysis. Previous to UTA, Mr. Simoncini held financial and manufacturing positions with Varity Kelsey Hayes and Horizon Enterprises including Chief Financial Officer of Kelsey Hayes’ European Operations. Mr. Simoncini began his career at Touche Ross and is a certified public accountant. In addition to his responsibilities at the Company, Mr. Simoncini is a member of the board of directors for the Wayne State University Foundation, Detroit Economic Club, Business Leaders of Michigan, the Michigan Opera Theatre and The Parade Company. Mr. Simoncini earned a bachelor’s degree in Accounting from Wayne State University.


















Back To Top












Matt Simoncini - Crain's Detroit Business
























































































































Login
Subscribe
Connect







Navigation



Top Stories



Meter Count



Market



Weather











×
Top Stories












Special Report





×
Metered Access


Crain's Detroit Business is a metered site. Print and digital subscribers have unlimited access to stories, but registered users are limited to eight stories every 30 days. After viewing three metered stories, you'll be asked to register or log in. After eight more stories in 30 days, you'll be asked to subscribe.




×
Michigan Stock Index





VISIT THE CRAIN'S MICHIGAN STOCK CENTER











×
Weather






















Newsmaker of the Year 2015


January 01, 2016

Matt Simoncini
President and CEO,  Lear Corp.


      	By Dustin Walsh













Email
Print




Detroit
Automotive
Real Estate
Newsmakers
Construction/Property redevelopment
Profiles/Personalities




						
						
						Matt Simoncini
					


Simoncini's predictions for 2016

Connectivity will continue to expand.Lear will look to make the seat more of a connected device in the car.It will make more acquisitions in the connectivity space.It will invest more in data-capturing technology.


Matt Simoncini, president and CEO of Lear Corp., is betting big on the company's hometown. He led the Southfield-based automotive seating and electronics supplier on a buying binge in 2015 — for both building and business in a strategy to vertically integrate its product line on a foundation in metro Detroit. Lear bought two buildings in the city of Detroit in 2015. In July, it purchased the 50,000-square-foot Hemmeter Building on Centre Street for nearly $6 million. It will house employees from Lear's shared services, information technology and administrative operations. Then in September, it bought a building on State Street in Capital Park to house an innovation and design center. The structure will house a gallery, a seat design studio and a software design center. Simoncini said the building's proximity to Wayne State University and the College for Creative Studies makes it a prime location to attract top design talent. "It's a win-win and, frankly, I'm shocked more companies haven't made moves (to Detroit)," Simoncini said. "Hell, yes, it's a competitive advantage. You should see the résumés that are coming to us from our competitors." Lear is also behind a city-led effort to establish an auto supplier industrial park in the city near the junction of I-94 and I-75. The push, supported by the Detroit 3 automakers, seeks to restore manufacturing capacity — and jobs — at the I-94 Industrial Park near the American Axle & Manufacturing Holdings Inc. headquarters.Simoncini said the company hopes to have a manufacturing plant operating in the next 24 months. "We think we can create something bigger, like a supplier park with manufacturing space that supports the wishes of our customers while creating good jobs in the city," he said. Simoncini makes no qualms about this love of the city and his commitment to where he grew up. In 2013, he won the Detroit Free Press Automotive Leadership Award for suppliers in part for spearheading the development of a program for Detroit schools that teaches mentoring skills to college-bound high school students. Lear, which was founded in Detroit in 1917, also sponsored its first float in Detroit's Thanksgiving Day parade last year.Simoncini is also a board member of the United Way for Southeastern Michigan. But it's the presence of Lear in the city that makes him most proud. "I'd be lying if I said I didn't have some personal satisfaction from seeing the Lear logo flying downtown again," Simoncini said. Lear also built on its two business units with several local acquisitions. Last January, it closed on an $850 million acquisition of Auburn Hills-based automotive leather supplier Eagle Ottawa LLC.Nearly half of the cars on U.S. roadways contain leather supplied by Eagle Ottawa. It generated nearly $1 billion in revenue in 2014, up from $485 million in 2011. In August, Lear bought the intellectual property and technology of Santa Rosa, Calif.-based Autonet Mobile Inc., an Internet-based telematics and app service provider for the automotive market. Then in November, it acquired Troy-based automotive connectivity supplier Arada Systems Inc."Connectivity will be the biggest trend in this industry since the automated assembly line," Simoncini said. "While our acquisitions in this space have been relatively small, we're happy with them and we're laser-focused on growth. We're not buying purchase orders; we're buying capabilities.  "Our future has never been brighter, and we're positioned to take advantage of that trend."Read about all of the Crain's Newsmakers of the Year.

Related LinksLear targets I-94 park site for Detroit plant















Michigan Morning Newsletter
Get a roundup of important news that happens each day.

































































	Lear Elects Matt Simoncini Chief Executive Officer; Bob Rossiter to Step Down as CEO After 40 Years of Service






























Skip to main content
Skip to main navigation
Skip to footer

































Home  / 
        Company  /  Press Room  /  
        

        










 Overview History Vision Core Values Leadership Strategy Major Industry Trends Press Room Press Releases Press Kit Idea Portal Resources




Press Room

                        Lear Elects Matt Simoncini Chief Executive Officer; Bob Rossiter to Step Down as CEO After 40 Years of Service
                    
SOUTHFIELD, Mich., Aug. 10, 2011 /PRNewswire/ -- Lear Corporation (NYSE: LEA), a leading global supplier of automotive seating and electrical power management systems, today announced that Matt Simoncini (50), senior vice president and chief financial officer, has been elected chief executive officer and president effective September 1, 2011.  Mr. Simoncini will also join Lear's Board of Directors on September 1, 2011.  Mr. Simoncini will succeed Bob Rossiter (65), who will step down as CEO, president and a director of Lear on September 1, 2011 and remain in an advisory role until May 2012 to assist with the transition. 
 
"Bob has been an exceptional leader and a driving force in building Lear Corporation into a world-class global enterprise with nearly $14 billion in annual sales and 200 facilities in 35 countries supported by 93,000 employees.  Bob fostered a culture of the highest business integrity, industry leading customer service and support of the communities where Lear does business.  On behalf of Lear's Board of Directors and its customers, suppliers, employees and shareholders, I want to sincerely thank Bob for his dedicated service," said Henry D. G. Wallace, non-executive chairman. 
 
"I have been involved in the CEO succession process with the Board and I am very supportive of the selection of Matt Simoncini to succeed me," said Mr. Rossiter.  "I have worked closely with Matt over the years and I am confident that I am turning over Lear to very capable hands," added Mr. Rossiter. 
 
"Matt has worked at Lear and its predecessor companies for 15 years in positions of increasing responsibility, including a tour of duty in Europe (biography and photo are included).  He is passionate about the business and he is an inspirational leader.  Matt is very knowledgeable about Lear's global operations, customers, products and employees, and he exemplifies the Company's core values of integrity, quality and customer service.  He successfully led the Company's financial restructuring and has been instrumental in repositioning Lear for long-term success.  Matt has been an exceptional chief financial officer, has led the Company's strategic planning efforts and he is now ready to assume the role as chief executive officer," added Mr. Wallace. 
 
"Lear is truly a great company, and I am honored to have been elected as CEO.  Bob is leaving the Company in a very strong competitive position, with positive earnings momentum, the best team in the industry and significant cash resources to fund future growth.  I look forward to continuing to deliver superior quality and customer service and to sustaining Lear's positive momentum," commented Mr. Simoncini. 
 
Lear Corporation is one of the world's leading suppliers of automotive seating and electrical power management systems.  The Company's world-class products are designed, engineered and manufactured by a diverse team of approximately 93,000 employees located in 35 countries.  Lear's headquarters are in Southfield, Michigan, and Lear is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol [LEA].  Further information about Lear is available on the internet at http://www.lear.com. 
 
BIOGRAPHY Matthew J. Simoncini Matthew J. Simoncini has been elected chief executive officer, president and a director of Lear Corporation effective September 1, 2011.  In his new role, Simoncini will be responsible for the strategic direction and operational leadership of the Company.   Presently, Simoncini is senior vice president and chief financial officer of Lear Corporation, a role he has held since September 2007.  As SVP and CFO, he is responsible for Lear's global Finance operations, including external Financial Reporting, Corporate Business Planning & Analysis, Corporate Strategy and Business Development as well as Information Technology activities worldwide. In August 2006, he was named senior vice president of Global Finance and chief accounting officer where he was responsible for Lear's worldwide operational finance, accounting and financial reporting. Prior to that, he was vice president of global Finance, a position he had held since June 2004. Simoncini also served as Lear's vice president of Finance - Europe as well as holding the vice president of Finance position for Lear's Electrical & Electronics business and DaimlerChrysler division. Simoncini joined Lear (from United Technologies Automotive) in April 1996 as director of Finance for the Motors Division with responsibility for the financial activities of the business unit. At the time of Lear's acquisition of UTA, Simoncini was director of Financial Planning & Analysis.   Previous to UTA, Simoncini held financial and manufacturing positions with Varity Kelsey Hayes and Horizon Enterprises including chief financial officer of Kelsey Hayes' European Operations.  Simoncini began his career at Touche Ross and is a certified public accountant. Born and raised in Detroit, Simoncini earned a bachelor's degree from Wayne State University and is a member of the Michigan Association of Certified Public Accountants.  In addition to his responsibilities at Lear, he is a trustee for VIP Mentoring and also a member of the United Way for Southeastern Michigan Campaign Committee. SOURCE Lear Corporation News Provided by Acquire Media

Posted on 8/10/2011

View all















Back To Top










