

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version










































Simplex Trading - Barbados household, restaurant, & kitchen supplies
























Jump to Navigation







Search form

Search 





 



Contact Us
Create Account
My Account
 















Home
Our Products
Our Services
About Us
Careers
News






















 
                                         Commercial Supplies                         









 
                                         Country Farm                         



                                         Rice & Peas                         







 


                                         Party Supplies                         







 
                                         Janitorial Supplies                         









 
                                         Personal Care                         









 
                                         Regale                         



                                         Rice & Peas                         







 
                                         Restaurant & Kitchen Supplies                         









 
                                         SoloCoco Coconut Oil                         















Welcome





















OurBrands






  

  

  

  



  

  

  

  



  

  

  

  



  

  





 







Always Available To Serve Your Every Need.... Contact Now







Contact Us


Lower Estate, St Michael, Barbados |BB19185|


		Telephone: (246) 426-1110
		Fax: (246) 228-7070

marketing@simplextrading.net

www.simplextrading.net
 


Our Services


Opening Hours: Monday – Friday 7:30am - 4:30pm. 


Sales Centre 


Island Wide Delivery


Charge Accounts


Exceptional Customer Service

 




Copyright © Simplex Trading 2017
	All right reserved
Web Design by Caribbean New Media




 












Simplex Trading, Llc Buys Goldman Sachs Group, Micron Technology, NVIDIA, Sells Citigroup, ... - Nasdaq.com

















































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search










































Simplex Trading, Llc Buys Goldman Sachs Group, Micron Technology, NVIDIA, Sells Citigroup, ...


April 21, 2017, 06:38:05 PM EDT
By insider, GuruFocus









































Shutterstock photo


Simplex Trading, LlcNew Purchases: TLT , WFC , ABBV , MO, XLE, BRK.B, BAC, CL, MJN, MON,Added Positions:GS, MU, NVDA, PCLN, T, CVS, SPY, HUM, SBUX, GILD,Reduced Positions:C, AAPL, MA, IBB, NXPI, PANW, GM, COST, FB, BSX,Sold Out:QQQ, LLY, PG, UPS, XOP, EFA, ORCL, ISRG, EWZ, COL,For the details of SIMPLEX TRADING, LLC's stock buys and sells, go to http://www.gurufocus.com/StockBuy.php?GuruName=SIMPLEX+TRADING%2C+LLCThese are the top 5 holdings of SIMPLEX TRADING, LLCSPDR S&P 500 ( SPY ) - 300,183 shares, 4.52% of the total portfolio. Shares added by 31.73%Facebook Inc ( FB ) - 399,955 shares, 3.63% of the total portfolio. Shares reduced by 6.48%Alphabet Inc ( GOOG ) - 48,818 shares, 2.58% of the total portfolio. Shares added by 32.07%Goldman Sachs Group Inc ( GS ) - 167,448 shares, 2.46% of the total portfolio. Shares added by 55716.00%Apple Inc ( AAPL ) - 265,361 shares, 2.43% of the total portfolio. Shares reduced by 31.04%New Purchase: iShares 20+ Year Treasury Bond ETF (TLT)Simplex Trading, Llc initiated holdings in iShares 20+ Year Treasury Bond ETF. The purchase prices were between $116.51 and $122.58, with an estimated average price of $120. The stock is now traded at around $123.54. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 1.38%. The holdings were 179,511 shares as of 2017-03-31.New Purchase: Wells Fargo & Co (WFC)Simplex Trading, Llc initiated holdings in Wells Fargo & Co. The purchase prices were between $53.78 and $59.73, with an estimated average price of $56.74. The stock is now traded at around $53.00. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 1.3%. The holdings were 365,792 shares as of 2017-03-31.New Purchase: AbbVie Inc (ABBV)Simplex Trading, Llc initiated holdings in AbbVie Inc. The purchase prices were between $60 and $66.55, with an estimated average price of $62.87. The stock is now traded at around $63.82. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 1.04%. The holdings were 249,834 shares as of 2017-03-31.New Purchase: Altria Group Inc (MO)Simplex Trading, Llc initiated holdings in Altria Group Inc. The purchase prices were between $67.51 and $76.45, with an estimated average price of $72.37. The stock is now traded at around $71.47. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.84%. The holdings were 184,406 shares as of 2017-03-31.New Purchase: SPDR Select Sector Fund - Energy Select Sector (XLE)Simplex Trading, Llc initiated holdings in SPDR Select Sector Fund - Energy Select Sector. The purchase prices were between $68.24 and $76.17, with an estimated average price of $72.31. The stock is now traded at around $67.79. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.8%. The holdings were 178,313 shares as of 2017-03-31.New Purchase: Berkshire Hathaway Inc (BRK.B)Simplex Trading, Llc initiated holdings in Berkshire Hathaway Inc. The purchase prices were between $158.81 and $177.28, with an estimated average price of $167.31. The stock is now traded at around $163.41. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.76%. The holdings were 71,515 shares as of 2017-03-31.Added: Goldman Sachs Group Inc ( GS )Simplex Trading, Llc added to the holdings in Goldman Sachs Group Inc by 55716.00%. The purchase prices were between $225.48 and $252.89, with an estimated average price of $241.46. The stock is now traded at around $216.86. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 2.46%. The holdings were 167,448 shares as of 2017-03-31.Added: Micron Technology Inc (MU)Simplex Trading, Llc added to the holdings in Micron Technology Inc by 2837.52%. The purchase prices were between $21.71 and $28.97, with an estimated average price of $24.42. The stock is now traded at around $27.32. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 1.52%. The holdings were 849,207 shares as of 2017-03-31.Added: NVIDIA Corp (NVDA)Simplex Trading, Llc added to the holdings in NVIDIA Corp by 893.56%. The purchase prices were between $97.67 and $119.13, with an estimated average price of $106.43. The stock is now traded at around $101.68. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 1.5%. The holdings were 240,928 shares as of 2017-03-31.Added: The Priceline Group Inc (PCLN)Simplex Trading, Llc added to the holdings in The Priceline Group Inc by 147.12%. The purchase prices were between $1477.57 and $1789.2, with an estimated average price of $1649.48. The stock is now traded at around $1752.01. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 1.14%. The holdings were 16,920 shares as of 2017-03-31.Added: AT&T Inc (T)Simplex Trading, Llc added to the holdings in AT&T Inc by 588.14%. The purchase prices were between $40.61 and $43.02, with an estimated average price of $41.67. The stock is now traded at around $39.93. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 1.14%. The holdings were 501,773 shares as of 2017-03-31.Added: CVS Health Corp (CVS)Simplex Trading, Llc added to the holdings in CVS Health Corp by 1295.55%. The purchase prices were between $74.8 and $83.92, with an estimated average price of $79.83. The stock is now traded at around $79.28. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 1.1%. The holdings were 235,318 shares as of 2017-03-31.Sold Out: PowerShares QQQ Trust Series 1 (QQQ)Simplex Trading, Llc sold out the holdings in PowerShares QQQ Trust Series 1. The sale prices were between $118.48 and $132.47, with an estimated average price of $127.59.Sold Out: Eli Lilly and Co (LLY)Simplex Trading, Llc sold out the holdings in Eli Lilly and Co. The sale prices were between $74.58 and $85.88, with an estimated average price of $80.1.Sold Out: Procter & Gamble Co (PG)Simplex Trading, Llc sold out the holdings in Procter & Gamble Co. The sale prices were between $83.49 and $91.67, with an estimated average price of $88.67.Sold Out: United Parcel Service Inc (UPS)Simplex Trading, Llc sold out the holdings in United Parcel Service Inc. The sale prices were between $104.78 and $118.09, with an estimated average price of $109.26.Sold Out: SPDR S&P Oil & Gas Explor & Product (XOP)Simplex Trading, Llc sold out the holdings in SPDR S&P Oil & Gas Explor & Product. The sale prices were between $35.17 and $42.21, with an estimated average price of $38.95.Sold Out: iShares MSCI EAFE (EFA)Simplex Trading, Llc sold out the holdings in iShares MSCI EAFE. The sale prices were between $57.73 and $62.6, with an estimated average price of $60.42.Warning! GuruFocus has detected 2 Warning Sign with GS. Click here to check it out.GS 15-Year Financial DataThe intrinsic value of GSPeter Lynch Chart of GSPremium MembersThis article first appeared on GuruFocus .



The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.











This article appears in:
Investing                           
                            
                                , Stocks





Referenced Symbols:

                                        SPY
                                    
, 

                                        FB
                                    
, 

                                        GOOG
                                    
, 

                                        GS
                                    
, 

                                        AAPL
                                    












More from GuruFocus



Subscribe




This Powerful Chart Made Peter Lynch 29% A Year For 13 Years
Are CEOs Buying?
Market Overvalued, How to Invest?














Related Stocks Articles




Subscribe







Booming Commercial Jet Deliveries Boost Embraer


						7/28/2017 11:52 AM
					



WisdomTree Falls Short Despite Attracting More Assets


						7/28/2017 11:52 AM
					



Deckers' Gloomy Outlook Overshadows Solid Results


						7/28/2017 11:43 AM
					














Contributor:GuruFocus
Stock Picks, Portfolios



Follow on:

























Most Popular




Highest Rated








Mitel To Acquire ShoreTel - Quick Facts
Sientra Completes Acquisition of Miramar Labs®
Seagate Technology PLC Q4 Profit Rises 174%
LedgerX gets U.S. approval for derivatives on digital currencies
U.S. Fines Frontier, American And Delta For Violating Consumer







Shareholders Approve Major Structural Change to Top Performing...
Yatra Attains Leadership Position in Corporate Travel With the...
Mitel To Acquire ShoreTel - Quick Facts
Miller Heiman Group Selects CallidusCloud Datahug for Pipeline...
Tractor Supply Company Reports Second Quarter Results




View All Highest Rated






















Research Brokers before you trade



		Compare Online Brokers
	


Want to trade FX?



		Visit our Forex Broker Center 
	
















Find a Credit Card



                    Select a credit card product by:
                


 Card Type
 Credit Score
 Card Issuer



                    Select an offer:
                





0% APR Credit CardsAirline Credit CardsBalance Transfer Credit CardsBusiness Credit CardsCash Back Credit CardsCharge CardsCharge Cards for BusinessEMV Smart ChipsGas Cards & Auto RewardsHome Improvement Rewards Credit CardsInstant Approval Credit CardsLow Interest Credit CardsNo Annual Fee Credit CardsNo Foreign Transaction Fee Credit CardsPoints Rewards Credit CardsPrepaid & Debit CardsReward Credit CardsStudent Credit CardsTop 10 Best Credit Card Deals and Offers




Bad CreditCredit Quality AverageCredit Quality ExcellentCredit Quality FairCredit Quality GoodLimited or No Credit HistoryPersonal Loans




American ExpressAmerican Express Airline CardsAmerican Express Business CardsAmerican Express Cash Back Credit CardsAmerican Express Charge CardsBarclaycardCapital OneCapital One Cash BackCapital One Fair CreditCapital One MilesCapital One PointsCapital One Prepaid Credit CardsChaseCiti Credit CardsDiscoverDiscover CashbackDiscover MilesDiscover Student Credit CardsMasterCard Credit CardsU.S. BankUSAAUSAA SavingsVisa Credit Cards







Search





Data Provided by BankRate.com






Stocks

Referenced





SPY








59%



Rate It





FB








76%



Rate It





GOOG








91%



Rate It





GS








56%



Rate It





AAPL








86%



Rate It































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX











































Simplex Trading LLC




















Affordable solutions for better living









Services

Simplex Trading is a market leader in developing innovative and sustainable building materials. A key building solution to residential sustainability are EIFS, a lightweight, energy efficient building solution that looks great, uses less energy, saves money and helps protect the environment. 
Simplex Trading Offers variety of brand materials as follows:
Kitchen Material
Scaffolding
Aair Spray Painting
Doors & Cabinets
Polystrene Cladding 


News








Featured Products



From Contemporary to Traditional, we master in providing building solution for your type of kitchen. You just sit back and relax.

We have a full range of hire spay guns, air compressors, airless paint sprayers, wallpaper strippers, aluminium scaffolding, heat guns, HVLP spray guns.


Our lightweight, insulated external wall cladding solutions that look great, use less energy, saves money.

Fashionable and exquisite design of doors and cabinets have never been more creative and stylish before our methodology, concept and diagram.










Home
About Us
Our Services
Projects
Contact Us






Tel: +971 4 3712857Email: info@simplex.ae























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














Simplex Trading LLC - Relationship Science



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Simplex Trading LLC



Overview
In The News Executives & Employees Paths
Holdings & Top Positions



Simplex Trading LLC



 OVERVIEW



Date Founded


2010




Headquarters


525 West Van Buren Street, Suite 1300, Chicago, IL 60607-3823




Industries


Investment Banking & Brokerage




Company Description


Part of Mishkin, Anderson & Gray Securities LLC, Simplex Trading LLC is an American company located in Chicago, IL. The firm provides brokerage services. It was founded in 2010. Erik Theodore Swanson has been the CEO since 2012.






 In The News
          See more




Business Wire
April 18, 2017





                        Simplex Partners with Beacon - Risk Magazine's FinTech Start-Up of the Year                    







See full news coverage and complete stories with RelSci Professional.

Create Your News Feed








See  More 





 Executives & Employees



Erik Theodore Swanson

Chief Executive Officer






 Paths to Simplex Trading LLC



                        Simplex Trading LLC                    




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Simplex Trading LLC






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Simplex Trading LLC.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Holdings & Top Positions






Restricted data only for RelSci Professional users.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 



You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.















Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤
















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Simplex Trading LLC: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























simplex trading llc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Technology
Industry: Software
Sub-Industry: Application Software
Simplex Trading, LLC develops application software. The Company builds software for capitalizing financial market, investments, and trading. Simplex Trading serves customers in the State of Illinois.




Corporate Information
Address:

230 South LaSalle Street
Suite 4
Chicago, IL 60604
United States


Phone:
1-312-360-2440


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.simplexinvestments.com























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data









































 Simplex Trading CO LTD , Barbados | Supplier Data
Datamyne



























































Making trade data work for you





Countries  
Barbados  
Supplier Starts With S

 




SIMPLEX TRADING CO LTD


Barbados 
 
 
 







12 Month Supply Chain Summary            
(June 30, 2015 ─ June 30, 2016)

SIMPLEX TRADING CO LTD supplied 1 shipments to the US since Jun 30, 2015.




Top Importer



                       Putnal Seed & Grain INC                    
1
Importers for this supplier for the last 12 months






Top HS Code Products



250840 -  Clays Nesoi,  Including Ball Clays,  Incl Calcined 









Top Carriers



 Crowley Caribbean Services LLC 






Top Ports of Departure



 Bridgetown, Barbados 










Top Countries of Origin



 Barbados 




Alternative content for the map














See all shipments for  Simplex Trading CO LTD when you subscribe to Datamyne.




How Datamyne Benefits You


Datamyne covers the trade of some 50 countries across 5 continents, as well as the details of US import and export commerce with over 230 trading partners. Original US import bills are available online one day after we receive them from Customs, making our US import data the earliest available anywhere.
Easily access our database via a web-based interface that speeds and simplifies trade data research, delivering the information you need for successful marketing, prospecting and sourcing strategies.
See why more than 3,000 professionals are using Datamyne today.
Request a Demo






Take our Tour





 Product  Overview 
Plans and Pricing 
Why Choose Datamyne? 












Easy access, with expert support, to the largest searchable trade database in the world.
















                Search US import details FREE for companies like:              





SIMPLEX TRADING CO LTD                  





First Name



Last Name





Company



Email



Country  
                        
United States
Afghanistan
Åland Islands
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia, Plurinational State of
Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Congo, the Democratic Republic of the
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Côte d'Ivoire
Croatia
Cuba
Curaçao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Holy See (Vatican City State)
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran, Islamic Republic of
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Korea, Democratic People's Republic of
Korea, Republic of
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Lao People's Democratic Republic
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macao
Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia, Federated States of
Moldova, Republic of
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestinian Territory, Occupied
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Réunion
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Saint Barthélemy
Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin (French part)
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Sint Maarten (Dutch part)
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syrian Arab Republic
Taiwan, Province of China
Tajikistan
Tanzania, United Republic of
Thailand
Timor-Leste
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Venezuela, Bolivarian Republic of
Viet Nam
Virgin Islands, British
Virgin Islands, U.S.
Wallis and Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe



Phone





                          I agree to the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy






Get My Free Search
















 














































Simplex Trading LLC




















Affordable solutions for better living


























Good Solutions for you


Quality Meets AffordablityIf you have a passion for perfectly crafted furniture like we do then you have come to the right place. Here you will find an unrivalled array of high quality kitchen material to suit your interior. 
Chain of End ProductAn unrivalled array of high quality innovative Building material for everything you need you find here at Simplex Trading..


Lavish and Contemporary Live lavishly and browse our collection to find contemporary and modern furniture for every room in your house/office.
Qualified Civil Personel & ArchitectWe also Offer Complete Civil Works, and Construction, we have qualified Engineers and Architecture who can build your dream project..


News








Featured Products



From Contemporary to Traditional, we master in providing building solution for your type of kitchen. You just sit back and relax.

We have a full range of hire spay guns, air compressors, airless paint sprayers, wallpaper strippers, aluminium scaffolding, heat guns, HVLP spray guns.


Our lightweight, insulated external wall cladding solutions that look great, use less energy, saves money.

Fashionable and exquisite design of doors and cabinets have never been more creative and stylish before our methodology, concept and diagram.










Home
About Us
Our Services
Projects
Contact Us






Tel: +971 4 3712857Email: info@simplex.ae




 











































Our Products | Simplex Trading


















Jump to Navigation







Search form

Search 





 



Contact Us
Create Account
My Account
 















Home
Our Products
Our Services
About Us
Careers
News











Our Products




Home → Our Products → Our Products 









Our Products









  
 Eco-Friendly Products  

  
 Heating Supplies  

  
 SoloCoco 100% Virgin Coconut Oil  

  
 Splendid Blend  



  
 Taster Spoons  

  
 Car Care  

  
 Baking Supplies  

  
 Bar Supplies  



  
 Chafers & Buffetware  

  
 Foam Products  

  
 Foil & Wax Paper Products  

  
 Food Preparation  



  
 Pizza Supplies  

  
 Kitchen & Restaurant Equipment  

  
 Food Service Protection  

  
 Food Products  



  
 Glass Products  

  
 Janitorial Supplies  

  
 Chemicals, Cleaners & Soaps  

  
 Kitchen Utensils  



  
 Textiles  

  
 Packaging Supplies  

  
 Paper Products  

  
 Party Supplies  



  
 Personal Care  

  
 Plastic Products  

  
 Polypans & Food Storage  

  
 Professional Cookware  



  
 Professional Cutlery  

  
 Shelving, Racks, Bussing & Transport  

  
 Signage & Chairs  

  
 Tabletop Serviceware  



  
 Flatware & Steak Knives  











 










Always Available To Serve Your Every Need.... Contact Now







Contact Us


Lower Estate, St Michael, Barbados |BB19185|


		Telephone: (246) 426-1110
		Fax: (246) 228-7070

marketing@simplextrading.net

www.simplextrading.net
 


Our Services


Opening Hours: Monday – Friday 7:30am - 4:30pm. 


Sales Centre 


Island Wide Delivery


Charge Accounts


Exceptional Customer Service

 




Copyright © Simplex Trading 2017
	All right reserved
Web Design by Caribbean New Media




 

