




SimpleHealth Ventures Inc. - Other Technology- Brown Jr.  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









SimpleHealth Ventures Inc.

      Industry: Other Technology
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    20 Jay Street Floor 2 
    Brooklyn, NY, 11201Phone: (310) 435-1418 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2017-04-20


Amended


$2,900,000


$1,073,103


Debt Only


06b


SEC link




	2016-12-05


New


$1,826,897


$1,826,897


Debt Only


06b


SEC link




	2016-07-01


Amended


$2,738,150


$749,999


Equity Only


06b


SEC link




	2015-05-18


Amended


$1,988,151


$1,199,151


Equity Only


06b


SEC link




	2015-04-15


New


$789,000


$789,000


Equity Only


06b


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Michael C. Brown Jr. 
 Director 


 Garry Choy 
 Promoter 


 Steven Hirschfeld 
 Director, Executive 


 Scott Law 
 Director 


 Sam Meyer 
 Director, Executive, Promoter 


 Michael Simmons 
 Director, Executive, Promoter 


 Brad Svrluga 
 Director 


 Bradley Svrluga 
 Director 





















 













 


 

Simplehealth Ventures Inc raised $789,000 on April 15th, 2015































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/deals/335078-simplehealth-ventures-incsection=deals&subsection=detail&id=335078  




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


Simplehealth Ventures Inc raised $789,000 on April 15th, 2015.Get alertedif Simplehealth Ventures Inc gets funded!Amount:$789,000Company:Simplehealth Ventures IncInvestors:-Industry:Healthcare servicesCountry:State:City:United StatesNew YorkNew York CityKey people:Michael Brown Jr. (Director) Garry Choy (Promoter) Sam Meyer (Director, Executive Officer, Promoter) Michael Simmons (Director, Executive Officer, Promoter) Brad Svrluga (Director)Data sources:www.sec.gov - D - SimpleHealth Ventures Inc. (0001639667) (Filer)Description:An amount of 790K has been completed in an investment round by Simplehealth Ventures Inc in April 15th, 2015. Simplehealth Ventures Inc specializes in Healthcare services.Please note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment!

SimpleHealth Ventures Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 3:53 PM ET
Health Care Technology

Company Overview of SimpleHealth Ventures Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
SimpleHealth Ventures Inc. develops and provides a cloud based medical credentialing software for the automation of primary source verification. It offers CredSimple software solution that automates primary source requests; sends requests in organization’s format; provides follow-up on unanswered requests; stores all documentation for verification; controls verification processes; enables faster processing and traceability; accepts and tracks credentialing dues and fees; and makes status available through dashboards and reporting tools. SimpleHealth Ventures Inc. was incorporated in 2013 and is based in New York, New York.


222 BroadwayFloor 19New York, NY 10013United StatesFounded in 2013



Phone: 646-847-7796

www.credsimple.com







Key Executives for SimpleHealth Ventures Inc.




Mr. Michael Simmons


      	Co-Founder, Chief Executive Officer, President, and Director
      








Mr. Garry Choy


      	Co-Founder
      








Mr. Sam Meyer


      	Founder and Chief Technology Officer
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 [m]pirik LLC United States 1747, Inc. United States 1EQ, Inc. United States 1healthy.world, inc. United States 20over8, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Private Placement

			      November 21, 2016
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact SimpleHealth Ventures Inc., please visit www.credsimple.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version












 








Products | BMK Ventures Inc.










































HOME


SIGNATURE LINES



Para-X



Individual Medical Kits


Unit Level Medical Kits


Treatment Tubes




Sim-X



SIM-X Kits






INDUSTRY PARTNERS



Simetri



Human Patient Simulators


Moulage


Part Task Trainers




IRT



Filters & Cartridges


Isolation & Infection Control


Papr Systems


Tents & Shelters




ITTS



Casualty Simulators


Control Units


Live Construction Simulation


Simulation Accessories




Katadyn



Operational Food Preparation


Operational Nutrition


Water Purification




Laerdal



CPR Products


Immobilization Products


Patient Simulations




lots splints



Splints




Pocket Nurse



Medical Simulation Products


Nursing Totes




Quikclot



Hemorrhage Control Supplies


Hemorrhage Control Training Kits 




Rally Point Tactical



Tactical Equipment




Skedco



Evacuation Products






CONTACT US













          The One Source For All Your Tactical Medicine And Training Based Needs
        
















Sign in or Create an Account







Email *





Password *


Sign In
Create an Account








Shopping Cart
/ $ 0.00

0














      No products in the cart.
    




































My Wishlist


Sign In


Create an Account









0














      No products in the cart.
    














Products




BMK Ventures Inc.
        Home 
      


Products








Products246 Products





12


16


32


all




Sort by

Random
Price, low to high
Price, high to low
Name, A-Z
Name, Z-A
Date, old to new
Date, new to old
Best Selling





































              SKEDCO Helicopter Crew Chief Bag - Black
            





$ 1,013.60


            Product Description The SK-1151 Helicopter Crew Chief Bag, part of the (SK-11500, full set) is designed to accommodate all equipment formerly in the metal chests with room other upgraded equipment. They provide maximum flexibility and organization for seamless integration of necessary medical equipment and supplies while augmenting the operator with...
          





Default Title - $ 1,013.60

 Buy now

 Quick look







































              SKEDCO Helicopter Medic Bag - Black
            





$ 1,266.00


            Product Description The SK-1150 Helicopter Medic Bag, part of the (SK-11500, full set) is designed to accommodate all equipment formerly in the metal chests with room other upgraded equipment. They provide maximum flexibility and organization for seamless integration of necessary medical equipment and supplies while augmenting the operator with the...
          





Default Title - $ 1,266.00

 Buy now

 Quick look







































              SKEDCO HELICOPTOR MEDICAL BAG SET - INCLUDED ONE CREW CHIEF AND TWO MEDIC BAGS
            





$ 3,546.00


            Product Description The Skedco Helicopter Medical Bag set come with one crew chief bag (SK-1151) and two medic bags (SK-1150). Designed to accommodate allequipment formerly in the metal chests with room other upgraded equipment. They provide maximum flexibilityand organization for seamless integration of necessary medical equipment and supplies while augmenting...
          





Default Title - $ 3,546.00

 Buy now

 Quick look







































              SKEDCO HMD SKED STRAP KIT
            





$ 54.64


            
Product Description
Replacement strap for the HMD Sked® RESCUE SYSTEM
          





Default Title - $ 54.64

 Buy now

 Quick look







































              Skedco Kiddie Litter Insert with HMH Sked
            





$ 311.00


            The Kiddie Litter was developed for emergency evacuation of babies from the nursery or other locations in hospitals in a safer manner than anything available anywhere else. It is an insert that fits in the Hazmat/Hospital Sked Stretcher. It features four warm Papoose like pockets that are adjustable for the...
          


 Options
 Quick look







































              SKEDCO LARGE LOCKING 'D' STEEL CARABINER - Bright
            





$ 34.20


            SMC's Large Steel Locking 'D' Carabiner was developed especially for the needs of the fire and rescue community.
          





Default Title - $ 34.20

 Buy now

 Quick look







































              SKEDCO LARGE LOCKING 'D' STEEL CARABINER - Bright
            





$ 34.20


            Product Description SMC’s Large Steel Locking ‘D’ Carabiner was developed especially for the needs of the fire and rescue community, with a large gate opening that easily fits over litter rails. The sleeve locks on the gate rather than the body of the carabiner, eliminating problems of the knob binding...
          





Default Title - $ 34.20

 Buy now

 Quick look







































              SKEDCO MICRO DOUBLE PULLEY W/BECKET
            





$ 51.35


            
Product Description
When the Micro Hauler (SK-710-M) is used with the matching double pulley SK-712-M, it gives you a 4:1 mechanical advantage.
Black andoized alumimum sideplates, two 1 1/4″ aluminum sheaves, bushing and aluminum axle.
7,000 lbs MBS, 1/2″ Rope Capacity, 3.5 x 1.75 inch, 133.6% Efficiency
          





Default Title - $ 51.35

 Buy now

 Quick look







































              SKEDCO OREGON SPINE SPLINT II -  Coyote Brown
            





$ 224.01


            Choice of the U.S. Army, this spinal immobilization/extrication device is the only device of it’s type that meets all of the established criteria for immobilizing a seated patient. An ideal companion for the Sked® Stretcher System, when properly used the OSS II provides for safe removal of patients from injury...
          


 Options
 Quick look







































              SKEDCO PJ SKED RESCUE SYSTEM w/Cobra Buckles - OD Green
            





$ 769.02


                  The PJ Sked is designed to do everything a standard Sked SK-200 will do. The only difference between the two is the standard Sked is 36 inches wide and the PJ Sked is 28 inches wide. This allows for an 8 inch shorter pack and it makes...
          





Default Title - $ 769.02

 Buy now

 Quick look







































              SKEDCO SKED BASIC RESCUE SYSTEM - OD Green
            





$ 624.02


            Product Description The original and still the best solution for confined space, high angle or technical rescue, and traditional land based applications, the Sked stretcher is a revolutionary design which provides outstanding patient protection and security. The Sked comes equipped for horizontal hoisting by helicopter or vertical hoisting in caves...
          





Default Title - $ 624.02

 Buy now

 Quick look







































              SKEDCO SKED BASIC RESCUE SYSTEM w/Cobra Buckles - OD Green
            





$ 769.02


            Product Description The PJ Sked is designed to do everything a standard Sked SK-200 will do. The only difference between the two is the standard Sked is 36 inches wide and the PJ Sked is 28 inches wide. This allows for an 8 inch shorter pack and it makes it...
          





Default Title - $ 769.02

 Buy now

 Quick look







































              SKEDCO Sked Basic Rescue System with Cobra Buckles
            





$ 769.02


            The original and still the best solution for confined space, high angle or technical rescue, and traditional land based applications, the Sked stretcher is a revolutionary design which provides outstanding patient protection and security. Skedco now has the Austrian made Skedco/Cobra side release buckles that are dependable and strong enough...
          





Default Title - $ 769.02

 Buy now

 Quick look







































              SKEDCO SKED FOAM FLOTATION SYSTEM - Coyote Brown
            





$ 378.27


            This flotation system maintains the Sked® in a nearly vertical position in the water. It is self-righting and keeps the patient’s head completely out of water, even in rough seas. The side floats and chest pad provide buoyancy sufficient to support two rescuers in the water in addition to the...
          





SKED FOAM FLOTATION SYSTEM / Orange - $ 378.27

 Buy now

 Quick look







































              SKEDCO SKED INFLATABLE FLOTATION SYSTEM (empty ballast bag)
            





$ 537.76


            Product Description This inflatable flotation system maintains the Sked® in a nearly vertical position in the water. It is self-righting and keeps the patient’s head completely out of water, even in rough seas. The side floats and chest pad provide buoyancy sufficient to support two rescuers in the water in...
          





With Weighted Ballast Bag - $ 537.76

 Buy now

 Quick look







































              SKEDCO SKED RAPID DEPLOYMENT SYSTEM - Coyote
            





$ 1,239.17


            Product Description This unique system features a Sked® Stretcher pre-rigged for extremely rapid deployment into the water. Using CO2 inflatable float logs, this system can be in the water, ready to use in less than 30 seconds. A patient can be packaged and ready for retrieval in less than 30...
          





Default Title - $ 1,239.17

 Buy now

 Quick look







































              SKEDCO SKED RAPID DEPLOYMENT SYSTEM - International Orange
            





$ 1,230.56


            Product Description This unique system features a Sked® Stretcher pre-rigged for extremely rapid deployment into the water. Using CO2 inflatable float logs, this system can be in the water, ready to use in less than 30 seconds. A patient can be packaged and ready for retrieval in less than 30...
          





Default Title - $ 1,230.56

 Buy now

 Quick look







































              SKEDCO SKED STRETCHER - OD Green - stretcher body only
            





$ 484.60


            Product Description The original and still the best solution for confined space, high angle or technical rescue, and traditional land based applications, the Sked stretcher is a revolutionary design which provides outstanding patient protection and security. The Sked comes equipped for horizontal hoisting by helicopter or vertical hoisting in caves...
          





Default Title - $ 484.60

 Buy now

 Quick look







































              SKEDCO SKED WATER RESCUE THROW
            





$ 63.65


            Product Description The perfect accessory for your water rescue activities, these water rescue throw bags are a necessity for boats and anywhere else a potential water hazard exists. To use just open the drawstring at the top and pull out a few feet of rope. Hold the loop at the...
          





Default Title - $ 63.65

 Buy now

 Quick look







































              SKEDCO SKED-EVAC ALUMINUM SIDE RELEASE BUCKLE CONVERSION KIT
            





$ 195.00


            The challenge of finding a quick connect/quick release buckle for the Sked® has finally been met. Skedco now has the Austrian made Skedco/Cobra side release buckles that are dependable and strong enough to meet the needs of securing a patient into a Sked® stretcher without the danger of breakage. These...
          





Default Title - $ 195.00

 Buy now

 Quick look















Load more...
































Product Ventures | Product & Packaging Research, Design & Development Agency





































































 Insightfully Innovative DesignDiscover why the world's largest companies entrust us with their best known brands.



Product Ventures is a product and packaging design agency.Experience the artistic fusion of consumer desires, business objectives and manufacturing realities; thoughtfully considered and expertly defined through the talents of Product Ventures’ interdisciplinary team encompassing research, design and development. Unite within PVs consumer learning & innovation lab; leverage the power of consumer-informed iterative design.  Fueled by rapid prototyping and on-the-spot decision making, Product Ventures transforms an idea into a marketplace success.







Mighty American Ale







Juicy Juice







Juicy Juice Splashers







Coca-Cola







Powerade







Oreck







Tesla







Trojan H20







Victorinox







Dr. Scholl's







Bud Light







Ergo Jr. Scissors







International Delight







Arm & Hammer







Kimberly-Clark







Westcott Sharpeners







Dasani







Schick







Trojan







Lysol







Scientific Atlanta







Summer's Eve







Westcott Tools







Sunny D







Absinthe







International Delight







Similac







Frito-Lay







Heinz







Jamba Juice







Ruffles







Duracell







Pantene







Stasis FLEX







Bissell







Lean Cuisine Honestly Good







Cascade







Mr. Bubble







Bumble Bee







Westcott







Petrol Bags







St. Ives
























Bradley Svrluga - Co-Founder at Primary Venture Partners



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Bradley Svrluga
Co-Founder at Primary Venture Partners



Overview
In The News Relationships Paths
Education Memberships Career History Boards & Committees Political Donations 


Bradley Svrluga
Co-Founder at Primary Venture Partners



 Overview



Primary Location


Williamstown, MA




Notable Companies


Primary Venture Partners




Board Seats



15





Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 1,016 people.
              






 In The News
          See more




PR Newswire
March 6, 2017





                        Roc Nation Announces New Start Up Platform, ARRIVE                    





peHUB
November 18, 2016





                        Bowery Capital leads $2 mln seed round for Electric                     





peHUB
October 17, 2016





                        Private Equity Jobs of the Week: Amazon Web Services, East West Bank, Primary Venture Partners are hiring                     





PR Newswire
September 20, 2016





                        Vestwell Debuts Industry's First Full-Fiduciary, White-Labeled Retirement Platform                    





New York Business Journal
August 28, 2015





                        Software-as-a-service is eating New York City                    







See full news coverage and complete stories with RelSci Professional.

Create Your News Feed








See  More 






 Relationships
              See Details




Robert Albert

Founder at Routehappy, Inc.




Matt Sena

Co-Founder at FieldLens, Inc.





Justin Lee

Co-Founder at TheSquareFoot, Inc.




Aron Susman

Co-Founder at TheSquareFoot, Inc.





Jonathan Wasserstrum

Co-Founder at TheSquareFoot, Inc.




Douglas Chambers

Chief Executive Officer at FieldLens, Inc.





Bela Musits

Venture Partner at Primary Venture Partners




Michael Simmons

President at SimpleHealth Ventures, Inc.





Matt Harris

Managing Director at Bain Capital Ventures LP




Bo Peabody

Venture Partner & Entrepreneur-in-Residence at Greycroft LLC







See 1,006 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 1,006 More 


 


 Paths to Bradley Svrluga



            Bradley Svrluga          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Bradley Svrluga






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Bradley Svrluga.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Educational Background



BA in Economics 


Williams College

                  Williams College is a private liberal arts college located in Williamstown, Massachusetts, United States. It was established in 1793 with funds from the estate of Ephraim Williams. Originally a men's college, Williams became co-educational in 1970. It is located in Williamstown, MA, USA.                





 Memberships



Mentor

                  Current                


Entrepreneurs Roundtable Accelerator

                  Entrepreneurs Roundtable Accelerator (ERA) seeks to back technology companies with a significant technology component. They look for companies that best able to take full advantage of the New York City opportunity as a starting point to successfully enter the market for their product, service or application. Most ERA companies are software or software-related in some way, and may be either business to business or business to consumer focused. Their diverse interests include: Internet, Mobile, e-Commerce, Local, Media, Ad Tech, SaaS, Financial Tech, Fashion Tech and Payments.                





 Career History



Co-Founder

                                    2004 - Current                


Primary Venture Partners


                  Primary Venture Partners invests in seed and early-stage information technology companies with a focus on enterprise SaaS and NextGen Commerce companies. Primary Venture Partners looks for companies that have some level of early revenue traction and rapidly scalable business models. They also look for companies with truly differentiated products, services or channels.                




Investor & Board Member

                                    Current                


Routehappy, Inc.


                  Routehappy, Inc. offers product differentiation platform for air travel. It provides a detailed comparison of amenities by flight on the top airlines and most popular routes, targeted tips from real flyer experts, fun and social way to share air travel experiences. The company was founded by Robert Albert and Adam Gwosdof on February 1, 2011 and is headquartered in New York, NY.                




Strategy Consultant

                                    Tenure Unconfirmed                


Monitor Group


                  Monitor Group provides strategy consulting services to corporations, governments, and non-profit institutions worldwide. It is a company that offers strategic advisory services, capability-building programs, and financial advisory services. Monitor Group is specialized in the areas of innovation; leadership and organization; marketing, pricing, and sales; strategy and uncertainty, including corporate finance; and regional competitiveness.


Monitor Group was established in 1983 in Cambridge, Massachusetts.                




Team Member

                                    Tenure Unconfirmed                


TxVia, Inc.


                  TxVia, Inc. provides prepaid card processing technology services. The company was founded by Aarron Tay and Carl M. Ansley on September 11, 2006 and is headquartered in Mountain View, CA.                




Director

                                    2005 - 2007                


InSciTek Microsystems, Inc.


                  Allworx Corp. provides software and digital hardware engineering services. The firm provides a complete portfolio of VoIP systems, IP phones, network switches and advanced software options to help SMBs create solutions. It operates SMBs through a network of independent resellers in the U.S., Canada and Latin America. The company was founded by George E. Daddis, Jr. and Jeffrey R. Szczepanski in 1998 and is headquartered in Rochester, NY.                




Partner

                                    1999 - 2009                


The Berkshires Management Co. LLC


                  The Berkshires Management Co. is a regionally-focused venture capital fund specializing in seed and early-stage equity investments in emerging technology companies. Geographically, they focus on Western Massachusetts. Investments range from $250,000 to $1.5 million. The firm often leads larger deals with other investors. While the Berkshires Management Co. specializes in investments in the technology sector, they also consider other high-growth industries                




Strategy Consultant

                                    Prior                


The Monitor Group, Inc.


                  The Monitor Group, Inc. provides wealth management services. Its services include wealth protection, wealth transfer, estate planning, investment management, tax planning, and reporting. The firm offers services to the small and medium enterprises, trusts, and other commercial organizations. The company is headquartered in McLean, VA.                




Professional

                                    Prior                


Village Ventures, Inc.


                  Village Ventures focuses on seed and early-stage venture capital investments in the media and financial services sectors. The firm seeks to own at least 20% of each of their portfolio companies. The majority of their capital is invested in areas other than the San Francisco and Boston metropolitan areas of the US.                





 Boards & Committees



Corporate Boards ▾




Member, Board of Directors

                    Current                  


FieldLens, Inc.

                    Fieldlens, Inc. develops a mobile communication platform for the construction industry. It provides a communication platform that enables everyone on a construction project to create, communicate and resolve issues instantly from anywhere, linking together mobile devices and desktops. The firm offers a scalable mobile field management solution for the construction industry in order to facilitate better jobsite communication. The company was founded in 2011 by Douglas Chambers, Matthew Sena and David Small and is headquartered in New York, NY.                  




Director

                    Current                  


Synaptic Digital, Inc.

                    Synaptic Digital, Inc. provides web-based video marketing and distribution services. Its services include satellite media tours, radio media tours, narrative marketing, interactive news releases, public service announcements, media relations and distribution, digital distribution and social engagement. The company was founded by Andrew Heyward and Shoba Purushothaman in 2000 and is headquartered in New York, NY.                  




Board Member

                    Current                  


Scryer, Inc.

                    Scryer, Inc. provides commercial real estate technology services. It empowers investors, lenders and brokers to identify hidden opportunities and risks instantly. The company was founded by Richard Sarkis, Charlie Oshman, Sanchez Guillermo and Harlan Milkove in 2013 and is headquartered in New York, NY.                  




Director

                    Current                  


Routehappy, Inc.

                    Routehappy, Inc. offers product differentiation platform for air travel. It provides a detailed comparison of amenities by flight on the top airlines and most popular routes, targeted tips from real flyer experts, fun and social way to share air travel experiences. The company was founded by Robert Albert and Adam Gwosdof on February 1, 2011 and is headquartered in New York, NY.                  




Director

                    Current                  


Soft Sight, Inc.

                    Soft Sight, Inc. develops and provides embroidery software solutions The company was founded by David A. Goldman in August 1998 and is headquartered in Vestal, NY.                  




Director

                    Current                  


TheSquareFoot, Inc.

                    TheSquareFoot, Inc. provides real estate services. It offers a full suite of tools to help landlords and listing agents market and manage their properties online. The firm is an online platform that makes commercial real estate leasing. TheSquareFoot was founded by Justin Lee, Aron Susman and Jonathan Wasserstrum in 2011 and is headquartered in New York, NY.                  




Board Observer

                    Current                  


Enterproid, Inc.

                    Enterproid, Inc. provides mobile device management software services. The company was founded by Andrew Toy, David Zhu and Alexander Trewby in 2010 and is headquartered in New York, NY.                  




Director

                    Current                  


Cloverhill Enterprises, Inc.

                    Cloverhill Enterprises, Inc. provides startup and stealth mode search engine optimization services. The company was founded by Felix Rodriguez in 2009 and is headquartered in White Plains, NY.                  




Director

                    Current                  


SimpleHealth Ventures, Inc.






Board Member

                    2011 - 2015                  


Flat World Education

                    For colleges, universities, and others that serve adult and non-traditional learners, Sagence provides leading-edge technology and services for competency-based education (CBE).  Our powerful, cloud-based platform optimizes the design, delivery, and management of affordable, self-paced, student-centered experiences that result in demonstrable knowledge and career-enhancing credentials. 

Unlike others in our field, we focus solely on CBE and support customer designed competency-based models at any scale. We help our partners build, test, launch, evaluate and iterate successful CBE programs, backed by extensive experience and proven results. We have hundreds of active learning modules in multiple degree and certificate programs from diverse partners operating live on our platform, over 3,000 modules completed by students to date, and successful program graduates.                  




Director

                    Prior                  


Flat World Knowledge, Inc.

                    Flat World Knowledge, Inc. publishes academic textbooks in print and electronic format. The firm offers various categories of textbooks such as business and economics, mathematics, sciences and professional and applied sciences. The company was founded by Jeff Shelstad and Eric Frank in 2007 and is headquartered in Boston, MA.                  




Director

                    Prior                  


WhoSay, Inc.

                    WhoSay, Inc. provides a social media network platform. It helps artists, athletes and iconic personalities connect with their fans. The company was founded by Steven Ellis on March 1, 2010 and is headquartered in Albany, NY.                  




Director

                    Prior                  


Drawbridge Networks, Inc.

                    Drawbridge Networks, Inc. provides micro-segmentation solutions. Its solutions include cloud security, whitepaper, endpoint detection, and response and network access control. The company was founded by John Terrill and Tom Cross in 2014 and is headquartered in New York, NY.                  




Non-Profit Boards ▾




Member, National Board of Directors

                    1999 - Current                  


Summer Search

                    Our mission is to help low-income teenagers transform what they believe is possible for themselves and develop the skills they need to become college educated leaders who give back to their families and communities.                  




Member, Board of Trustees

                    Current                  


Williamstown Theatre Festival







 Political Donations



$250

                  2010                


Matthew Scott Murphy


                  Managing Director & Chief Investment Officer at Advantage Capital Partners                




$250

                  2009                


Matthew Scott Murphy


                  Managing Director & Chief Investment Officer at Advantage Capital Partners                





 Other Affiliations




              Bradley Svrluga is affiliated with
                            Primary Venture Partners, Routehappy, Inc., Monitor Group, TxVia, Inc., InSciTek Microsystems, Inc., The Berkshires Management Co. LLC, The Monitor Group, Inc., Village Ventures, Inc., FieldLens, Inc., Synaptic Digital, Inc., Scryer, Inc., Routehappy, Inc., Soft Sight, Inc., TheSquareFoot, Inc., Enterproid, Inc., Cloverhill Enterprises, Inc., SimpleHealth Ventures, Inc., Flat World Education, Flat World Knowledge, Inc., WhoSay, Inc., Drawbridge Networks, Inc., Summer Search, Williamstown Theatre Festival.
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤













 

Simplehealth Ventures Inc - Funding history, company info, news ...































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/companies/193154-simplehealth-ventures-incsection=companies&subsection=detail&id=193154  




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


Simplehealth Ventures IncCompany DetailsGet alertedif Simplehealth Ventures Inc gets funded!Simplehealth Ventures IncFunding history Key peopleCountry:State:City:United StatesNew YorkNew York CityIndustry:Healthcare services Funding history DateDeal sizeInvestors May 18th, 2015$1,988,151-View DealApril 15th, 2015$789,000-View DealCreate alertManage your alerts in accountWant to know when Simplehealth Ventures Inc gets funded?Key peopleMichael Brown Jr.DirectorGarry ChoyPromoterSam MeyerDirector, Executive Officer, PromoterMichael SimmonsDirector, Executive Officer, PromoterBrad SvrlugaDirectorPlease note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment!