    Bryan Birsic | Wunder Capital | ZoomInfo.com










 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version


















SimpleReach | Data and Insights that Drive Content ROI
































































Marketers
Publishers
Company
Contact Us
Sign in
 






Marketers
Publishers
 

Contact Us
Sign In
 











                SimpleReach was founded on a singular thesis: Content 
                is the future of marketing.
            





























                        Marketers invest a tremendous amount of time and money producing
                        and distributing content. Yet, they consistently struggle to
                        understand if it’s working and how to replicate success.
                        SimpleReach’s Content Data Platform addresses this very issue.  
                        SimpleReach unifies content data from fragmented channels and sites
                        to provide a holistic view of content performance. Using cutting-edge machine 
                        learning and artificial intelligence techniques, our platform surfaces 
                        actionable insights that empower customers to improve the return on
                        their content investments. We advise the world’s leading marketers and
                        branded content publishers, including American Express, Condé Nast,
                        Intel, and Time Inc.
                    







                        The SimpleReach team is a tight-knit group of business,  
                        engineering, and product folks who embrace a culture of
                        collaboration and coaching. We thrive on solving big problems,   
                        sharing knowledge, and learning from one another. We understand 
                        that respect, transparency, and putting truth before pride are 
                        essential to maintain the fun, rewarding atmosphere
                        SimpleReachers have come to know and love.
                    

















                        At our office you’ll find companywide shuffleboard tournaments, 
                        weekly lunch-and-learns, probably a dog or two, and a team of people
                        who are passionate about what they do.
                    










                        Management Team
                    










Edward Kim
Executive Chairman



Hal Muchnick
CEO



Joshua Silberstein
President



Russ Bradberry
CTO























                        If you’re interested in joining the team, 
                        check out our Careers page!
                        
Check job openings







































SimpleReach Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback


























simplereach inc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Technology
Industry: Software
Sub-Industry: Application Software
SimpleReach designs and develops software solutions. The Company provides a platform to track social action on published content to deliver insights and metrics around social behavior.




Corporate Information
Address:

41 West 25th Street
New York, NY 10010
United States


Phone:
-


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.simplereach.com





Board Members




Chairman
Company


Edward Kim
Simplereach Inc








Chief Executive Officer
Company


Hal Muchnick
Simplereach Inc








Board Members
Company


Kirk Wolfe
MK Capital Co


























From The Web











Key Executives


Edward Kim


Chairman




Hal Muchnick


Chief Executive Officer




Joshua Silberstein "Josh"


President







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data









































SimpleReach | Data and Insights that Drive Content ROI
































































Marketers
Publishers
Company
Contact Us
Sign in
 






Marketers
Publishers
 

Contact Us
Sign In
 








Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy applies to http://www.simplereach.com as
well as the SimpleReach Applications, Dashboard, and
Platform (the “SimpleReach Services” or “Services”)
owned and operated by SimpleReach, Inc (“SimpleReach”
or “we”). SimpleReach is committed to respecting and
protecting your privacy. To that end, we have prepared
this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) to describe our
information gathering and dissemination practices and
our data protection practices for the Site and
Services; it does not apply to other online or offline
SimpleReach sites, products or services. The terms
“SimpleReach,” “we,” “us,” and “our” refer to
SimpleReach, Inc. and its affiliates. The terms “you,”
“your,” and “yours” refer to the user utilizing the
marketing website http://www.simplereach.com
and/or any of the SimpleReach Services as a customer
and/or end user as defined in this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy also describes the choices
available to you regarding the use of, your access to,
and how to update and correct your personal
information.


EU-U.S. Privacy Shield
SimpleReach participates in and has certified its compliance with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework. SimpleReach is committed to subjecting all personal data received from European Union (EU) member countries, in reliance on the Privacy Shield Framework, to the Framework’s applicable Principles. To learn more about the Privacy Shield Framework, visit the U.S. Department of Commerce’s Privacy Shield List at https://www.privacyshield.gov/list.

SimpleReach is responsible for the processing of personal data it receives, under the Privacy Shield Framework, and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. SimpleReach complies with the Privacy Shield Principles for all onward transfers of personal data from the EU, including the onward transfer liability provisions.

With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the Privacy Shield Framework, SimpleReach is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In certain situations, SimpleReach may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.

If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request.

Under certain conditions, more fully described on the Privacy Shield website at https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=How-to-Submit-a-Complaint, you may invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted.


U.S. – Swiss Safe Harbor Framework
SimpleReach complies with the U.S. – Swiss Safe Harbor
Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce
regarding the collection, use and retention of personal
data from Switzerland. SimpleReach has certified that it
adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice,
choice, onward transfer, security, data integrity, access,
and enforcement. To learn more about the Safe Harbor
program, and to view SimpleReach’s certification, please
visit safeharbor.export.gov.


Collection of Information
SimpleReach collects information from two types of individuals: our customers with whom we enter into service agreements in order for such individuals to receive the Services (“customers”) and the individuals who visit the digital media properties containing content owned by our customers (“end users”).

SimpleReach, Inc. collects information under the direction of its customers on certain digital media properties, and has no direct relationship with the individuals whose personal data it processes. If you are an end user of one of our customers and would no longer like to be contacted by that customer, please contact the digital media property that you interact with directly. We may transfer personal information to companies that help us provide our service. Transfers to subsequent third parties are covered by the service agreements with our customers.

SimpleReach, Inc. has no direct relationship with the end users whose personal data it processes. An individual who seeks access, or who seeks to correct, amend, or delete inaccurate data should direct his query to the SimpleReach customer (the data controller). If requested to remove data we will respond within a reasonable timeframe.

We will retain personal data we process on behalf of our customers for as long as needed to provide services to our publishers. SimpleReach, Inc. will retain this personal information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.

Here’s what we collect from you when you use a Service:

User-Provided Information: When you, as a customer, purchase or register for use of a SimpleReach Service on your website, we ask you to provide certain information, such as your website URL, including information that is considered “personally identifiable information” (that is, information that would allow us to directly identify you, such as your name, e-mail address, mailing address, and telephone number).
“Automatically Collected” Information: When you, as an end user, visit a site that uses a SimpleReach Service, we may automatically record certain information about your use of the publisher site from your web browser, such as your IP address, time spent on pages, clicks on links and recommendations, the pages with which such recommendations are associated, the locations from which such clicks are made, and other traffic data to provide statistical information to publishers about their recommendations of related content to users.
“Cookies” Information: One form of “automatically collected” information we record is information stored by “cookies.” When you use a Service, we may send one or more cookies to your computer. We use both “session” and “persistent” cookies to collect, store, and sometimes track various types of information. A session cookie is one that disappears after you close your browser. While a persistent cookie remains after you close your browser (and may be used by your browser when you later return to the Service), persistent cookies generally can be removed. You can review the appropriate “Help” file in your Web browser or your mobile device to learn the proper way to modify your cookie settings.


Information Use: SimpleReach Customers
SimpleReach may use customer information for several general purposes:

To provide you with information about the SimpleReach Services,
To support the SimpleReach Services offered on the Site,
To contact you for feedback about the SimpleReach Services,
To conduct research about SimpleReach or the SimpleReach Services,
To notify you of technical updates or changes in policy, or
To contact you for marketing and promotional purposes.

The SimpleReach Services improve and develop as we receive and collect more information on usage of the SimpleReach Services and end user browsing patterns and preferences. SimpleReach will use information that you provide or that we collect from your use of a SimpleReach Service to analyze and develop our marketing strategy, Site, SimpleReach Services, and proprietary algorithms for the benefit of all SimpleReach Service customers.


Information Sharing and Disclosure
We will not sell or rent customers’ or end users’ personally identifiable information to third parties except as described in this Privacy Policy. We may disclose your personally identifiable information to other companies or people under any of the following circumstances:

When we have your consent to share the information.
If sharing the information is reasonably necessary to provide a product or service that you have requested (if your information is shared with third parties we will only provide the information reasonably needed to deliver the service, and ask that such companies do not use your information for any other purpose). These services may include data analysis and information sharing.
To keep you up to date on the latest product
announcements, software updates, special offers, or
other information we think you would like to hear
about either from us or from our business partners
(unless you have opted out of these types of
communications by following the unsubscribe
instructions included in these emails, accessing the
email preferences in your account settings page, or
you can contact us at info@simplereach.com.
In certain situations, SimpleReach may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. We may also disclose you personal information as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena or similar legal process when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request.
In connection with a sale or merger with another entity or if SimpleReach should ever file for bankruptcy or have its assets sold to another entity.

SimpleReach may also share non-personally identifiable information with third parties.


Choice
You may also decline to share certain information with SimpleReach, in which case SimpleReach may not be able to provide to you some of the features and functionality found on the Services. You may update, correct, or delete your profile information and preferences at any time by editing your profile on the Site. Please note that while your changes are reflected promptly in active user databases, we may retain all information you submit for a variety of purposes, including backups and archiving, prevention of fraud and abuse, and analytics. You may also modify the cookie settings on your Web browser or mobile device to limit the information you share.

To protect your privacy and security, we take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting you account access or making corrections to your information. YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR MAINTAINING THE SECRECY OF YOUR UNIQUE PASSWORD AND ACCOUNT INFORMATION AT ALL TIMES.


Access
Upon request SimpleReach will provide you with information about whether we hold, or process on behalf of a third party, any of your personal information. To request this information please contact us at
info@simplereach.com.

You may access, correct, amend, or delete your personally
identifiable information by editing your profile on the
Site or emailing us at info@simplereach.com. We will respond to your request within a reasonable timeframe.


Data Retention
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.


Tracking Technologies
We SimpleReach and our partners (e.g. marketing partners), affiliates, and analytics or service providers (e.g. services for enhancing customer support), use technologies such as cookies, beacons, tags, and scripts, to analyze trends, administer the website, tracking users’ movements around the website, and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by these companies on an individual and aggregated basis.

We use cookies for understanding customer behavior and for authentication. Users can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level. If you reject cookies, you may still use our website, but your ability to use some features or areas of our website may be limited.

We partner with a third party to manage our advertising on other sites. Our third party partner may use technologies such as cookies to gather information about your activities on this website and other sites in order to provide you advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests. If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you interest-based ads, you may opt-out by clicking here (or if located in the European Union click here). Please note this does not opt you out of being served ads. You will continue to receive generic ads.

We use Local Storage, such as HTML5, to store content information and preferences. Third parties with whom we partner to provide certain features on our website or to display advertising based upon your web browsing activity also use HTML5 to collect and store information. Various browsers may offer their own management tools for removing HTML5.


Log Files
As is true of most websites, we gather certain
information automatically from viitors to our
marketing website, http://www.simplereach.com and
store it in log files. This information may include
Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, browser type,
Internet Service Provider (ISP), referring/exit pages,
operating system, date/time stamp, and/or clickstream
data to analyze trends in the aggregate and administer
the site.

We do not link this automatically collected data to other information we collect about you.


Blog Hosted by a Third Party
Our blog is managed by a third party application that may require you to register to post a comment. We do not have access or control of the information posted to the blog. You will need to contact or login into the third party application if you want your personal information that was posted to the comments section removed. To learn how the third party application uses your information, please review their privacy statement.


Testimonials
We display personal testimonials of satisfied customers on our website in addition to other endorsements. With your consent, we may post your testimonial along with your name. If you wish to update or delete your testimonial, you can contact us at
info@simplereach.com.


Social Media Widgets
Our website includes Social Media Features, such as the Facebook Like button, and Widgets, such as the Share This button or interactive mini-programs that run on our website. These Features may collect your Internet protocol address, which page you are visiting on our website, and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly. Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our website. Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy statement of the company providing it.


Third Party Sites
The Site may contain links to other sites. SimpleReach is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when leaving the Site to read the privacy statements of each site that collects personally identifiable information.


Security
We are committed to protecting personally identifiable
information from loss, misuse, disclosure, alteration,
unauthorized access, and destruction. SimpleReach takes
reasonable precautions to safeguard the confidentiality of
personally identifiable information. We follow generally
accepted standards to protect the security of your
personally identifiable information during transmission to
us and once it is received by using Secure Sockets Layer
(SSL) software, which encrypts the information you input.
While we strive to protect your personally identifiable
information, we cannot ensure the security of the
information you transmit to us in all cases. If you have
any questions about the security of your personal
information, you can contact us at info@simplereach.com.


Your Consent to this Privacy Policy
By using this Site and/or any of the SimpleReach
Services, you agree to this Privacy Policy. We may
occasionally update or modify this Privacy Policy, at
our sole discretion. The date of the most recent
update of this document will always be displayed at
the beginning of this page. If we change our Privacy
Policy, we will post those changes on the Site located
at http://www.simplereach.com/privacy. If we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users via email (if an email address has been provided) or display a notice on the Site. We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Policy to stay informed about how we are protecting the personally identifiable information we collect. Your continued use of this Site and/or a Service constitutes your agreement to this Privacy Policy and any updates.


Contacting SimpleReach
If you have any questions, comments, or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:

SimpleReach
122 W. 27th Street, Floor 7
New York, NY 10001
info@simplereach.com


Last updated: 9/8/16

 























SimpleReach raises $9 million for content marketing | Fortune.comSearchSearchkapersky labsCongress Asks U.S. Agencies For Documents About This Cybersecurity FirmAdvertisingWhy Google and Facebook Prove the Digital Ad Market Is a DuopolyCOMPARECARDSSPONSOREDUggsUgg Is Trying to Make a Comeback With Something Other Than BootsThe "Social Network Overview" pane of the SimpleReach tool. Courtesy: SimpleReachcontent marketingSimpleReach raises $9 million as native advertising boomsErin GriffithJul 22, 2014SimpleReach, a New York-based content marketing startup that tracks how information spreads on the Internet, among other things, has raised a $9 million in funding to further develop its product and expand its team. MK Capital led the Series A round with investments from Atlas Venture, Village Ventures, and High Peaks Venture Partners.The funding comes as venture investors pour money into the content marketing category in hot pursuit of advertising dollars. (Native advertising pulled in an estimated $2.4 billion last year, moving the category from “experimental” to become a permanent line item on many advertisers’ budgets.) Earlier this year, the sponsored content company NewsCred raised $25 million, bringing its total funding to $46.8 million. Contently and Percolate, other competitors, have raised $12.3 million and $34.5 million, respectively. All three startups compete in the category with slightly differentiated offerings. SimpleReach’s position is that it offers marketers a single performance report for all of its branded content, spanning several sites and social media channels.SimpleReach can also claim something few of its competitors can: it was founded four years ago, long before venture capitalist Fred Wilson coined “native advertising” and marketers and publishers became obsessed with the term. SimpleReach was doing native advertising before native advertising was cool.Of course, that's no guarantee of success. (As startup wisdom goes: “Being early is the same as being wrong.”) SimpleReach almost didn’t live to see the heyday of native advertising. “We were close to death several times because we were too early to the market,” founder Edward Kim says. “We nearly ran out of money a lot of times.”The company’s pitch hasn’t changed, but SimpleReach didn’t get the time of day from publishers or brands in its early years. “[We] had to scrape by with super small checks, trying to stay alive month to month,” Kim says. Times have changed. Several hundred publishers now use the company's sponsored content platform, which costs about $2,500 per month for brands to access the most basic version. (SimpleReach also takes a cut of any paid promotions of the content.) Forbes, which was early to move into branded content, was its first client. Publications including the New York Times, Huffington Post, The Atlantic and yes, even, Fortune, followed suit. Media buyers such as DigitasLBi and VivaKi, as well as companies like Intel, are spending money to promote their content through SimpleReach.The company has grown to 25 employees, mostly on its own income. (It raised $3.1 million across several seed rounds.) The company will now enjoy additional capital to expand its product. The “next generation” of content measurement and distribution, according to SimpleReach, is being able to show actual return on investment on content for advertisers and brands.Kim views content marketing as in its early days, even though he’s been doing it for four years. First, the industry was focused on content creation, he says; the next step, just like what happened with online video, is that people realize they need distribution. “In the early innings, people are focused on routing money into workflow management and creating the content. Now people have [that] and it’s like, wait a minute, nobody is reading this,” he says. Surprise: That’s where SimpleReach steps in.And what of reports that readers say they hate sponsored content and native advertising? Kim recites the same line most native advertising advocates tout—disclosure is everything!—but also clarifies why native advertising is considered in recent years as The One True Answer to both publishers and advertisers: It’s the only thing left. “It’s the answer by process of elimination,” he says. Banners don’t work on tiny mobile screens, so advertisers have to get users’ attention in the main stream of content with native and sponsored content. Still, that disclosure thing is tricky. “If you are publisher, this is both the greatest thing to happen to you and also most dangerous thing to happen to you,” he says.Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers© 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved.All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed SolutionsSubscribeSearchHomeFortune 500All RankingsTechLeadershipVentureFortune InsidersMost Powerful WomenAutomotiveCareersEnergy & EnvironmentExecutive TravelFinanceHealthTIME HealthInternationalLooking ForwardRetailMarketsMagazineNewslettersVideosFortune ConferencesFollow FORTUNEShareShare on FacebookPost on TwitterEmail this storyShare on RedditShare on PinterestShare on LinkedIn




News on SimpleReach, Inc.


























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology















                                Organization                            


                                        SimpleReach, Inc.                                        ▼





                                Topic                            


                                        All Topics                                        ▼








People

                                    Find news about people
                                





Alumni

                                Find news on alumni of any org
                            





Industries

                                Find news on a particular market
                            





Your Contacts

                                Find news on your contacts
                            








Sign up for free daily alerts on this feed:











By pressing Sign Up, you agree to our Terms of Use, Privacy Policy, and the LexisNexis Terms & Conditions


















Follow




                            Change Feed
                        


SimpleReach, Inc.











Edward Kim is now serving in a new board position at SimpleReach, Inc.


                                May 9, 2017                                 • 
                                RelSci Data Update                            










Jamie M. Weston is now serving in a new board position at SimpleReach, Inc.


                                May 9, 2017                                 • 
                                RelSci Data Update                            










Hal Muchnick is now serving in a new position at SimpleReach, Inc.


                                May 9, 2017                                 • 
                                RelSci Data Update                            










SimpleReach Announces $13 Million in Funding, Names MarTech Veteran Hal Muchnick CEO


                                May 8, 2017                                 • 
                                Business Wire                            


                                  ... Content data platform SimpleReach today announced it has closed $13.3 million in funding since its last ...
                                









Meredith Digital First To Leverage Demographic Data For Content Marketing Using SimpleReach's Audience Insights For Content Optimization


                                February 9, 2016                                 • 
                                PR Newswire                            


                                  ... gender, income, and education impacts consumption in order to best optimize campaigns. SimpleReach, the market's leading content measurement and amplification platform, is pushing the industry ...
                                









Is Facebook Driving Less Traffic to Publishers' Sites?


                                December 2, 2015                                 • 
                                The Wall Street Journal                            


                                  ... therefore arriving at very different conclusions. Recent data from content measurement firm SimpleReach, for example, said Facebook referral traffic to a group of 30 publishers’ ...
                                









Are Virtual Banks Just a Flash in the Pan?


                                June 30, 2015                                 • 
                                American Banker                            


                                  ... and pogo sticks. Similar hype has surrounded virtual banks like Moven and Simple, which promote themselves as the future of banking. Brett King, the chief ...
                                









The Unbundling Of Finance


                                May 30, 2015                                 • 
                                TechCrunch                            


                                  ... checking accounts, home loans, insurance and wealth management. However, fintech startups like Simple, Venmo and Robinhood are allowing people to take control of every individualized ...
                                









An Apple Watch In Middle America


                                May 10, 2015                                 • 
                                TechCrunch                            


                                  ... to this list, but my oh so innovative bank – the startup Simple, which tried to disrupt banking before selling to BBVA – didn’t bother ...
                                









Facebook may host news sites' material


                                March 24, 2015                                 • 
                                CNBC                            


                                  ... site, said Edward Kim, chief executive of the analytics and distribution company SimpleReach, generally mean big increases in user satisfaction and traffic. So it is ...
                                









Facebook May Host News Sites' Material


                                March 24, 2015                                 • 
                                The New York Times                            


                                  ... site, said Edward Kim, chief executive of the analytics and distribution company SimpleReach, generally mean big increases in user satisfaction and traffic. So it is ...
                                









Banks Face the Innovator's Dilemma


                                March 4, 2015                                 • 
                                American Banker                            


                                  ... over $50 billion in assets tracked on its platform.Â Innovative startups like Simple and Movenbank are reinventing the whole notion of what it even means ...
                                









Built In Brooklyn: HappyFunCorp Helps Startups Build New Products


                                January 12, 2015                                 • 
                                TechCrunch                            


                                  ... clients include New York City companies like Boxee, CoPromote, Paperless Post, and SimpleReach. (It also works with bigger customers like American Express, Victoria’s Secret, and ...
                                









The News, à La Carte


                                October 27, 2014                                 • 
                                The New York Times                            


                                  ... of traffic to news sites, according to figures from the analytics company SimpleReach. On mobile devices, the fastest-growing source of readers, the percentage is even ...
                                









7 ways to save on holiday gift shopping


                                October 24, 2014                                 • 
                                Washington Post Blogs                            


                                  ... banking makes this concept a lot easier. Banks such as PNC and Simple allow you to create short-term savings goals, dedicated to upcoming events or ...
                                









Cover Story: After 5 years of PIE, the experiment is working


                                October 17, 2014                                 • 
                                Portland Business Journal (Oregon)                            


                                  ... Andy Baio and Alex Payne were building Kickstarter and the online bank Simple, respectively. The Portland Seed Fund was in the planning stages, the three-year-old ...
                                









SimpleReach Raises $9.0 Million Series A to Bring Measurability and ROI to Content Marketing


                                July 22, 2014                                 • 
                                Business Wire                            


                                  ... Million Series A to Bring Measurability and ROI to Content Marketing . SimpleReach announced today that it closed a Series A financing round of $9.0 ...
                                









Native advertising: No longer experimental as SimpleReach raises $9M


                                July 22, 2014                                 • 
                                New York Business Journal                            


                                  ... venture capital beat: Further proof that so-called native advertising isn't going away. SimpleReach, a startup that measures how content is read, shared and distributed online, ...
                                







Related News Feeds






Board and Executive Moves involving SimpleReach, Inc.







Computer Software







Board and Executive Moves in Computer Software







Alumni of SimpleReach, Inc.

























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink



 






Want to see the full history of news or view news on a particular date? Upgrade to RelSci Professional now!


Start My Free Trial  ➤










 Industry:




 Select a Topic:



 Keyword:



Go  ➤









 Find an Organization:






 Select a Topic:




 Keyword:




Go  ➤









 Find a Person:






 Select a Topic:




 Keyword:




Go  ➤









 Name of a School:







 Or Name of an Organization:









 Select a Topic:




 Keyword:




Go  ➤








Thank you. You are now subscribed.Please wait for the page to refresh...










You are now subscribed to this feed.










You have unsubscribed to this feed.










Thank you. You can now subscribe to more RelSci news feeds.










 To subscribe to more than one feed, please enter a password.




 Please confirm your password



Go  ➤








You've found a premium RelSci Pro feature!



Follow News On Your Contacts

Upgrade to RelSci Pro now to easily sync your contacts and stay in the know on the news about the people important to you.


Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.



Not Now








You've found a premium RelSci Pro feature!



Search News On Keywords

Curate your news even further with the ability to filter feeds based on specific keywords mentioned in the articles.


Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.



Not Now













Industries

                        Find news on a particular market
                    





People

                        Find news about people
                    





Organizations

                        Find news about organizations
                    





Alumni

                        Find news on alumni of any org
                    





Your Contacts

                        Find news on your contacts
                    












                Free Daily Alerts
            


                Sign up for free daily alerts on this feed
            




Sign Up ➤

                    By pressing Sign Up, you agree to our Terms of Use, Privacy Policy, and the LexisNexis Terms & Conditions




                Already have an account?  Click here to login.















Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤













 







Product Manager Job In --







































































Pricing
Job Date Archive
Contact
Login/RegisterSubmit a Job








Product Management, UX, and Product Marketing Jobs

Latest JobsContractFreelanceFull-TimeInternshipPart-Time













Go










Radius:

Auto1 mi5 mi10 mi50 mi100 mi1,000 mi5,000 mi 





This job listing has expired and may no longer be relevant!



26 Apr
2017


Full-Time

						Product Manager					

SimpleReach, Inc. – Posted by simplereach
						–

						 New York, New York, United States 




Job Description
SimpleReach is looking for a Product Manager to specialize in connecting teams and to bring forth innovations and improvements from customers, team members, and research, seeing ideas through to execution. We’re looking for people capable of working with a range of personalities and teams to be the point person on product initiatives.
As the Product Manager, you’ll work with engineering, design, and customer success teams to manage daily project development and execution. We’re looking for someone who is empathetic, collaborative, meticulously organized, and has outstanding communication skills to bring features to launch.
Some things you’ll be doing: 

Maintaining a centralized overview of project status/progress and giving active participants (designers, developers) and internal audiences (teammates, internal stakeholders) an up-to-date, clear view of where things stand.
Acting as the connective, synchronized link between customer-focused teams, design teams, and engineers in order to refine our product and its feature set.
Identifying and thinking through problems (project dependencies, blockers, risks), making sure the right people have the necessary information to reach a solution, and working with those people to resolve those issues.
Translating your work to project specifications and documentation to be used for training sessions, marketing materials, and baseline knowledge to use in future feature iterations and refinements.

We want to talk to you if you:

Have 3-5 years of product management experience OR 3-5 years of product engineering experience and want to transition roles and learn the product management side of things.
Have excellent communication skills, both verbal and written, in-person and remote. Writing experience with product documentation, technical documentation, and customer correspondence is helpful, as is experience working with distributed teammates and distant stakeholders.
Are an experienced system builder and coordinator, able to organize many different forms of information across teams and at scale with a disciplined, structured approach.
Are extremely capable and effective working directly with designers, engineers, analysts, and customer-focused teammates. You are understanding, empathetic, and collaborative, but capable of asserting when decisions need to be made and leading teams through execution.
Are experienced in applying design thinking to complex scenarios breaking things down into workable pieces. You can define resolutions by applying problem-focused or solution-focused methods.

What we work with:

Creative Cloud, Sketch, InVision, Dropmark, and plain pencil and paper for design work.
Jira and Confluence for our engineering collaborations.
Google Sheets and Microsoft Excel for analysis.
Typeform, Mixpanel, Google Analytics, and Salesforce for information gathering and research.

 
To apply, send us your resume, and in your email, tell us a little bit about you. What’s the most interesting thing you learned in the last month? What’s the coolest thing about you that’s not on your resume?

How to Apply

						To apply, click here!


 Job Categories: Product Manager Jobs. Job Types: Full-Time. Job Tags: analytics, b2b, data, and saas. Salaries: 80,000 - 100,000.




Apply for this Job


Name *



Email *



Message *



Upload resumé (pdf, doc, docx, zip, txt, rtf)



Upload cover letter (pdf, doc, docx, zip, txt, rtf)


 







Print Job



View Map













Submit a Job




Browse by…
Tags





Job Type


Contract


Freelance


Full-Time


Internship


Part-Time


Temporary




Job Salary


100,000 and above


20,000 - 40,000


40,000 - 60,000


60,000 - 80,000


80,000 - 100,000


Competitive


Less than 20,000




Job Category


Designer Jobs


Digital Producer Jobs


Head of Product Jobs


Head of Product Management Jobs


Junior Product Manager Jobs


Product Director Jobs


Product Manager Jobs


- Chief Product Officer (CPO) Jobs


- Associate Product Manager Jobs


Product Marketing Jobs


Product Owner Jobs


Senior Product Manager Jobs


Senior UX Designer Jobs


UX Jobs


- Head of UX Jobs


- UX Designer Jobs


VP Product Jobs



Date postedTodayThis WeekLast WeekThis Month






.NET
"data science"
"machine learning"
#product #adtech #berlin #startup
#productmanager #santabarbara #california #tech
#project #manager #jobs
#schibsted
£38
000
000 - £44
000 + Excellent Benefits
000 GBP
10119
20% bonus
34
3D
92122
a/b
a/b testing
AARRR
Academic Publisher
Accountants
accounting
Acquisition
ad tech
ads
adtech
Advertising
aerospace
affiliate
Agency
agile
Agile Coach
Agile Facilitator
Agile framework
Agile methodologies
agile product management
AI
amazon
Analysis
analyst
analytics
Analytics Tools
Android
API
APIs
app
app data
application
Apprenticeship
apps
art
Assistant
associate product manager
Author Management
automation
automotive
aws
azure
b2b
B2C
Bank
banking
Barcelona
BBC Good Food
Beauty
behaviour
Berlin
BI
Bid automation
Big Data
biking
biotechnology
books
boston
Brand
browser
BT
Build your own Website
Business
Business Analyst
business intelligence
C2C
CAD
cambridge
canada
Cancer Research
capture
car
card processing
Career
cars
CCP
CCS
channel integration
channels
Charity
church
cicd
Circa £43
Classified
Classifieds
client management
client service
cloud
Cloud Collaboration
CMS
Coach
Coffee
collaboration
comic relief
commerce
Commercial
Commericial
Commissioning Editor
Communication
community
Competetive
Computer science
connected devices
Construction
consultancy
consulting
consumer
Consumer App
consumer product
consumer product experience
containers
content
Content Management Systems
continuous deployment
Contract
conversion
Conversion optimization
Course
CPO
CRE
creative
CRM
cro
cross platform
cross-functional
crowdfunding
crowdsourcing
css
culture
customer
customer development
customer experience
Customer Focused
Customer Research
Customer success
customer support
cyber
cybersecurity
dashboard
dashboard management
data
Data analysis
data driven
DC
delivery
deloitte
depop
design
design director
designer
desktop
Developer
Developers
Development
devops
df
digital
Digital Content Development
digital design
Digital Experience
digital health
Digital Marketing
Digital Media
Digital Producer
digital product
digital product development
Digital Product Manager
Digital Product Owner
digital transformation
Digital Workplace
director
disruptive
distributed team
Distributed Workforce
DMV
doBranch
docker
DPE
drupal
dsfsadf
duolingo
E
e-commerce
e-learning
E-mail marketing
E1 5JL
early stage
east london
eBay
ecommerce
edinburgh
editorial
Edtech
Education
education edtech games startup
education games startup
education; technology education; non-profit
Eduction
Efficiency
Email
email marketing
emails
endpoint
Engagement
engineering
enterprise
Entry Level
equity
ERP
esports
ETL
evaluate
evaluate products
Events
exciting brand
Exeter
experience
experienced
f2p
fail fast
family
fashion
feature development
features
Festivals
fh
film
film industry
finance
fintech
first
fitness
football
Founder
fraud
free-to-play
freelancers
front end
Front Office
Frontend
FT
funding
furturelearn
future learn
FX
game design
games
gaming
Gardening
global
Go-to-market
go-to-market commercialization strategies
Google Analytics
Government
GPM
grasshopper
greenfield
group product manager
growth
hands on
hardware
head
head of product
Head of Product Management
Healh
health
Health Tech
Health Technology
healthcare
healthcare technology
Heathcare
Helath Agile
high-growth
High-tech
higher education
hospitality
hot
HR
HTML
http://careers.intuit.com/job-category/3/product-management/job/00122864/senior-product-manager-quickbooks-point-of-sale
https://cancer-research-uk-jobs.tal.net/vx/lang-en-GB/mobile-0/appcentre-3/brand-2/xf-d0bf3a5d6406/candidate/so/pm/1/pl/4/opp/5057-Fundraising-Product-Development-Manager/en-GB
https://recruitani.allstate.com/recruit/Recruitment/VacancyDetails.aspx?VacNo=1274
hubspot
icloud
Identity verification
igaming
iLab
Image recognition
imperial war museum
incubate
independent
Information and Transaction
Information Architecture
infrastructure
Innovate
innovation
insight
insurance
insurtech
integration
Interaction Design
interface
Intern
international
international aid
international development
internet
internet economy
Intuit
iOS
iOT
IP
IPTV
IT
iterate
IxD
Javascript
jinn
Jira
job
Job Boards
Jobs
Journey Mapping
js
Junior
junior product manager
junior-level
Kanban
kid-safe technology
kubernetes
Labor Marketplace
Lamudi
landing pages
languages
Lead
Leader
Leadership
lean
lean start up
Lean UX
Learning
Leeds
lifecycle product management
line management
live
location
Lodon
logistics
lokku
london
loving coming into work
luxury
m-commerce
Madgex
madrid
management
Manager
Manchester
maps
market evaluation
marketing
marketing tech
marketplace
marketplace lending
mcommerce
Media
medical
melbourne
memories
menswear
Mentor
mentorship
messaging
metadata
metail
microservice
midi
midweight
mission
mobile
mobile app
mobile apps
mobile games
Mobile Products
monetization
monitoring
montreal
Mortgage
movies
Multimedia
music
MV testing
mvp
mvt
native
Negotiable Day Rate Contractor
nestoria
new product
New product development
New York
news
newspapers
NGO
NHS
Non for profit
north america
not for profit
Nurse
nyc
online
online advertising
online diamonds
online products
onlinecasino
open source
opera
operations
optimisation
optimization
ott
owner
owners
ownership
p2p
Paas
Partnerships
passion
Payments
payroll
PCI
peer-to-peer
performance
Persona
personalization
Perth
Plants
platform
Plattform
PM
PO
poduct management
Point of Sale
population management
pornhub
portfolio
Potential
pre-sales
prediction
Pricing
pricing models
Printing
private healthcare etc
process
Prodcut Strategy
Producer
product
product analyst
product awesomeness
product communication
product delivery
Product Design
product designer
product developer jobs
product development
product development jobs
product devery
product director
product evaluation
Product Exec
product executive
product innovation
product jobs
product landscape
Product lead
product leader
product lifecycles
product management
product management job
product management jobs
product manager
product manager jobs
product manager jobs english speaker. product owner jobs english speaker
product manager jobs germany
product managers
product manger
product marketer
Product Marketing
product marketing job
product offerings
product owner
Product Owner e-commerce
product owner job
product owner jobs
product owner jobs germany
product platform
Product Roadmap
Product science education
Product Specialist
product strategy
product success
product support
product team lead jobs
Production Line
productmanager
Productowner
products
Produktledelse
produktutvikling
prog mgmt
Programmatic
project
project management
Project Manager
projectmanager
Promotion
Property
PropTech
Prototyping
Publisher
publishing
Python
quality
quality assurance
quantcast
quantified self
quantitative
QuickBooks
Rapid Prototyping
React
real estate
real time
Realtime
recognition
recommendation
recommendation system
recommendations
Recruitment
reed.co.uk
release
remote
Renewables
reporting
requirements
research
Responsive
results
retail
Retention
revenue
Revenue Generation
review
rewards package
risk
roadmap
Roadmaps
Rocket Internet
role
ruby on rails
saas
sales
Salesforce
sanfrancisco
sass
scotland
Scrum
Scrum Master
Scum
search
Search Engine Optimisation
security
senior
senior product manager
senior-level
seniorproductmanager
SEO
service
service design
Shopping
Shoreditch Works
shutl
Skilled Written Communicator
social
social good
Social media
social network
Social venture
socialmedia
software
software development
software development jobs
Solar
spain
specs
SPO
Sports
SQL
sr product manager
Stakeholder
Stakeholder Reviews
Stakeholders
Start-up
startup
startup insurance
stocks
story teller
strategy
streaming
Studio
Subscription
success
Sydney
Tablet
team
Tech
tech company
tech for good
technical
technical product
technical product management
Technical Product Manager
technology
technology start up
telco
Telecomms
telecommunications
telecomunications
test
Testing
theatre
Tickets
tifosy
Top Gear
tourism
traffic
travel
Travel industry
tv
UCC
UI
UI Design
UI designer
UI Developer
UI/UX
unique market
unique product
universities
Up to £34
Up To £35
user
User Acquisition
User Centred Design
User Experience
User Experience Design
user interface
user research
user tests
UX
UX / UI designer
UX Design
UX Designer
UX jobs
ux research
UX/UI
value
VC
Venture
Video
Vision
visual
Visual Design
Visual designer
Visual Interaction
vod
VP
Waterfall
Waterloo
Wearable
wearable tech
web
Web analytics
web applications
Web Design
web developer
Web Development
web technology
web_development
Website
wellbeing
wellness
Wiredrive
Wireframes
workflow
Xamarin
Zalando
















				© Mind the Product Ltd. Mind the Product, ProductTank and the Venn Diagram Logo are all registered trademarks.
				

















