

Sinorama Group — 华景假期，欧美加旅游首选



















News & Resources

Contact Us



En
中文








Homepage

About Us


Company Overview
History and Milestones
Company Structure
Leadership
Our Business	
Culture and Values
Speech from Chairman




For Investors 




Financials


Financial Overview
Financial Analysis
Revenue Analysis
Financial Reports



Company Documents





Highlights


Development of World Tourism
Multilingual Service
Strong IT Support
Excellent Product-development Capacity
Rich Business Resources
Huge International Market




Strategy


Online Business Model
Going Public
















Sinorama Corporation Secures DTC Eligibility
(2017-04-21) Sinorama Corporation has secured DTC Eligibility by The Depository Trust Company for its shares on the OTC effective April 21st, 2017.
Link to SEC 




Sinorama announces the fiscal year of 2016 results
(2017-03-31) Sinorama Corporation had another strong performance this year with revenue increased 89% than last year, the total revenue was $77.65 Million.



More



Our History



Leadership



Our Business



Our Products



Culture and Values




 




©SinoramaGroup

Montreal
Toronto
Vancouver
Paris
Dusseldorf
Auckland




Sinorama Group — 华景假期，欧美加旅游首选



















News & Resources

Contact Us



En
中文








Homepage

About Us


Company Overview
History and Milestones
Company Structure
Leadership
Our Business	
Culture and Values
Speech from Chairman




For Investors 




Financials


Financial Overview
Financial Analysis
Revenue Analysis
Financial Reports



Company Documents





Highlights


Development of World Tourism
Multilingual Service
Strong IT Support
Excellent Product-development Capacity
Rich Business Resources
Huge International Market




Strategy


Online Business Model
Going Public












Sinorama S1 Registration is Declared Effective
         
(2017-01-09)
SINORAMA CORPORATION (the company or Sinorama), an integrated travel producer and seller which enjoys a good reputation among the tourism industry, with a team of experienced employees. The Company provides Bus Tours, Asian Tours, as well as sales of the third-party products air tickets, hotels and other travel products. Sinorama Corporation has achieved a combination of traditional tourism industry and E-Commerce, while covering a wide range of business in Canada, France and other Countries and Regions, is very pleased to announce that its S1 registration statement has been declared effective. The Company filed the S1 registration statement on November 10, 2016 and has been working diligently the last nearly two months to obtain this clearance. You may get these documents for free by visiting EDGAR on the SEC web site at:
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1687505/999999999517000053/xslEFFECTX01/primary_doc.xml
“After working on this for nearly two months, we are very happy to announce that the SEC has informed the Sinorama that its S1 registration is now effective” said Chairman Qian Hong. “We want to thank all of our shareholders for their patience during this arduous process and we look forward to what we now believe will be a very successful year for Sinorama Corporation.”
 
About Sinorama
Sinorama Corporation is a publicly held corporate registered in Florida and 100% holds Sinorama Tours Co., Ltd, (Sinorama Tours) which is a privately held limited liability company registered in Samoa. Through its wholly owned subsidiary, Simon Qian Voyages Inc., a Canada registered Limited Liability Company, it holds 66.67% ownership over Vacances Sinorama Inc. (Vacances Sinorama) a company duly incorporated, organized and validly existing under the laws of Canada. Sinorama Tours also directly holds 51% ownership of Sinorama Voyages, a company duly incorporated, organized and validly existing under the laws of France. The company provides full scale travel services based in Canada, France and other Countries and Regions. As the parent company, Sinorama Corporation relies on Vacances Sinorama and Sinorama Voyages to conduct One Hundred Percent (100%) of our businesses and operations.
For more information on Sinorama Corporation please visit the web site: www.sinoramacorporation.com
*****************************************************

			This press release includes certain statements that may be deemed to be "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. All statements included in this press release, other than statements of historical facts, address matters that the company reasonably expects, believes or anticipates will or may occur in the future. These statements are made on the basis of management's current views and assumptions. As a result, there can be no assurance that management's expectations will necessarily come to pass. Such statements are subject to various assumptions, risks and uncertainties. Investors are cautioned that any such statements are not guarantees of future performance and that actual results or developments may differ materially as those discussed in the Sinorama 's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission from time to time.


 




©SinoramaGroup

Montreal
Toronto
Vancouver
Paris
Dusseldorf
Auckland













SINORAMA CORP IPO - NASDAQ.com

































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search






















Home > 
    Markets > 
    IPOs  > 
    Company IPO Overview





SINORAMA CORP IPO




Overview




News Headlines




Financials & Filings




Experts















Key Data
Use of Proceeds
Competitors




Company Overview


Company Name
SINORAMA CORP


Company Address
LA PLAZA SWATOW, OFFICE 518P.O. BOX 008, 998 BLVD. SAINT-LAURENTMONTREAL H2Z 9Y9


Company Phone
8613510016379


Company Website
www.sinoramacorporation.com


CEO
Jing Wenjia


Employees 
 -- 


State of Inc
FL


Fiscal Year End
12/31


Status
Filed (11/10/2016)


Proposed Symbol
 -- 


Exchange
FINRA - BB


Share Price
$1.00


Shares Offered
5,900,000


Offer Amount
$5,900,000.00


Total Expenses
$199,983.81


Shares Over Alloted
 -- 


Shareholder Shares Offered
5,900,000


Shares Outstanding
8,800,000


Lockup Period (days)
180


Lockup Expiration
 -- 


Quiet Period Expiration
 -- 


CIK
0001687505




We will not receive any proceeds from the sales of our common stock by the
selling stockholders. All of the net proceeds from the sale of the common stock
will go to the selling stockholders. We have agreed to bear the expenses 
relating to the registration of our common stock for the selling stockholders.


The travel company industry is fragmented and highly competitive over the world.
Our competitors in the market can be grouped into several broad categories based
on size, business model, product offerings, target customers and geographic
scope of operations. These include international products suppliers and travel
companies with significant competitive services. We expect competition to
continue to remain competitive and strong for the foreseeable future.


Company Description
Sinorama Corporation (“Sinorama”) was incorporated in the State of Florida on
June 30, 2016.  

We are a travel operator company. Our revenues are generated from the sale of
self-developed products, including Bus Tour Products and Asian Tour Products. We
also sell Third Party Products (Air tickets,


 Hotel and etc.). Revenues have
grown rapidly since 2013, primarily driven by sale of our self-developed Asian
Tours Products. Every year, over 10,000 tourists from North America, Europe,
Australia and New Zealand traveled to Asia with Sinorama, while tens of
thousands of tourists from China and around the world traveled with Sinorama in
Canada, the United States and Europe. 
---
 
The Company’s subsidiaries include Sinorama Tours Co., Ltd., Simon Qian Voyages,
Inc., Vacances Sinorama Inc., and Sinorama Voyages.

SINORAMA TOURS CO., LTD ("Sinorama Tours"), is a privately held Limited Company
registered in Samoa on June 03, 2015. SINORAMA TOURS is authorized to issue
1,000,000 shares of a single class, and has issued 10,000 shares of a single
class, each with par value of $1.00 per share to its shareholders.

Simon Qian Voyages Inc. (“Simon Qian Voyages”) was established on October 12,
2012, under the laws of Canada. Ms. JING Wenjia was 100% holding controlling
interest of Simon Qian Voyages. On June 09, 2016, the sole Shareholder of Simon
Qian Voyages Inc. Ms. JING Wenjia transferred 100% controlling interest to
Sinorama Tours Co., Ltd.

Vacances Sinorama Inc. (“Vacances Sinorama”), is a privately held, for-profit
travel producer and seller, incorporated in Montreal, Quebec, Canada in December
2004. Vacances Sinorama is a large integrated tour company providing Bus Tour,
Asian Tour, Air Tickets, Hotel Reservation, Cruise and other solutions to its
customers worldwide. Vacances Sinorama facilitate travel commerce with online
and offline travel business, Vacances Sinorama is providing both business to
customer (B2C) and business to business (“B2B”) travel commerce marketplace.

Sinorama Voyages (“Sinorama Voyages”) is a privately held, for-profit travel
producer and seller, incorporated in Paris, France on February 2012, Mr. QIAN
Hong owned 51% of Sinorama Voyages. Sinorama Voyages is an integrated travel
company providing Bus Tour, Asian Tour to its customers worldwide. Sinorama
Voyages facilitate travel commerce with online and offline travel business,
Sinorama Voyages providing both business to customer (B2C) and business to
business (“B2B”) travel commerce marketplace.
---

The Company’s principal corporate address is La Plaza Swatow, Office 518, P.O.
Box 008, 998 Blvd, Saint-Laurent, Montreal, QC H2Z 9Y9. Our telephone number is
514-866-6888. Our website address is www.sinoramacorporation.com.


Full Description

The IPO profiles may contain historical records. Please visit the latest IPOs for the most recent information.




Company Financials



Revenue
$54,938,123


Net Income
-$1,660,610


Total Assets
$27,119,325






Total Liabilities
$30,557,715


Stockholders' Equity
-$1,537,436




Company Filings

                                    Viewing: 1 - 2 Total: 2
					            



Company Name
Form Type
Date Received
View



SINORAMA CORP
S-1/A
12/16/2016
Filing



SINORAMA CORP
S-1
11/10/2016
Filing







Experts


Auditor
Anton & Chia, LLP


Company Counsel
O'NEAL LAW OFFICE and William D. O’Neal, Esq.,


Transfer Agent
Island Stock Transfer


Underwriter
 -- 






                                There are no news stories for this IPO at this time.
                            












Today's Market Activity





NASDAQ

6373.90


-8.29
 ▼ 
0.13%





DJIA

21833.70


37.15
 ▲ 
0.17%





S&P 500

2472.19


-3.23
 ▼ 
0.13%










Data as of Jul 28, 2017 | 3:58PM


Try for Free: NASDAQ LiveQuotes Platform



View All















Latest News Headlines




                            FOREX-Dollar down, euro up as U.S. GDP data fails to sway market
                        



	                     3:43PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            Salisbury Bancorp, Inc. Reports Results for Second Quarter 2017; Declares 28 Cent Dividend
                        



	                     3:20PM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                




                            U.S. Republicans try to pick up the pieces after healthcare defeat
                        



	                     3:14PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            US STOCKS-S&P 500 knocked lower after earnings wave
                        



	                     3:02PM ET  - Reuters
	                





View All Latest Headlines

















Upcoming Earnings



Company
Expected Report Date




AAPL
Jul 25, 2017


ODFL
Jul 27, 2017


FB
Jul 26, 2017


TSLA
Aug 2, 2017


T
Jul 20, 2017


AMZN
Jul 27, 2017


VZ
Jul 27, 2017


GE
Jul 21, 2017





Earnings Calendar


























CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX





































Sinorama Corp 10-K Mar. 31, 2017  5:24 PM | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Sinorama Corp (SNNN)FORM 10-K | Annual ReportMar. 31, 2017  5:24 PM|About: Sinorama Corp (SNNN)View as PDF

 Sinorama Corp (Form: 10-K, Received: 03/31/2017 17:25:49) 











	 


	 



	UNITED STATES




	SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION




	WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549



	 



	(

	Mark
	One

	)

	 



	FORM 10-K




	 




	 







	þ






	ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15 (d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934







	 



	For the fiscal year ended December 31,
	2016


	 


	or


	 




	 




	¨






	TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934






	 


	For the transition period from _______________ to _______________


	 


	Commission file number:

	000-55744



	 










	SINORAMA
	CORPORATION. 




	(Exact name of Registrant as specified in
	its charter)


	 






	Florida




	 




	4724




	 




	81-3305510







	(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation



	or organization)



	 



	(Primary Standard Industrial Classification



	Code Number)



	 



	(I.R.S. Employer


	Identification Number)






	 



	La Plaza Swatow, Office 518




	P.O. Box 008, 998 Blvd. Saint-Laurent




	Montreal, QC H2Z 9Y9





	 




	 



	(Address of principal executive offices)
	(Zip Code)



	 


	(Registrant’s telephone number, including
	area code

	001-514-866-6888

	)


	 



	Securities registered
	pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:



	 






	Title of Each Class






	Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered







	None




	Not Applicable





	 



	Securities registered
	pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:



	 






	Title of Each Class






	Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered







	Common Stock, $0.001 par value




	Not Applicable





	 


	 


	Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known
	seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

	¨

	 Yes No 

	þ



	 


	Indicate by check mark if the registrant
	is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 

	¨

	 Yes
	No 

	þ



	 


	Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
	(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
	12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
	filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes 

	þ


	 

	No 

	¨



	 


	Indicate by check mark
	whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required
	to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months
	(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes 


	¨


	 No 

	¨



	 


	Indicate by check mark if disclosure
	of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (§ 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and
	will not be contained, to the best of registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements
	incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

	þ



	 


	Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
	is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the Definitions
	of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2
	of the Exchange Act.


	 


	Large accelerated filer 

	¨

	 Accelerated
	filer 

	¨



	Non-accelerated filer (Do not check if
	a smaller reporting company) 

	¨

	 Smaller reporting company 

	þ



	 


	Indicate by check mark
	whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12 b-2 of the Act). Yes 

	¨

	 No 

	þ



	 


	 APPLICABLE ONLY TO REGISTRANTS INVOLVED
	IN BANKRUPTCY


	PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PRECEDING FIVE YEARS:


	 


	Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
	has filed all documents and reports required to be filed by Section 12, 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 subsequent
	to the distribution of securities under a plan confirmed by a court. 



	¨

	 Yes          

	¨

	 No


	 


	(APPLICABLE ONLY TO CORPORATE REGISTRANTS)


	 


	Indicate the number of shares outstanding
	of each of the registrant’s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date.


	 


	As of March 31, 2017, there were 14,700,000
	shares of the registrant’s common stock outstanding.


	 


	DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE


	 


	List hereunder the following documents
	if incorporated by reference and the Part of the Form 10-K (e.g., Part I, Part II, etc.) into which the document is incorporated:
	(1) Any annual report to security holders; (2) Any proxy or information statement; and (3) Any prospectus filed pursuant to Rule
	424(b) or (c) under the Securities Act of 1933. The listed documents should be clearly described for identification purposes (e.g.,
	annual report to security holders for fiscal year ended December 24, 1980). 


	  




	 





	 




	 



	TABLE OF CONTENTS




	 









	 


	 



	Page






	PART I



	 


	 




	 


	 


	 





	Item 1.





	Business




	 



	3






	Item 1A.





	Risk Factors




	 



	8






	Item 2.





	Properties




	 



	16






	Item 3.





	Legal Proceedings




	 



	16






	Item 4.





	Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders




	 



	16





	 


	 


	 





	PART II



	 


	 




	 


	 


	 





	Item 5.





	Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities




	 



	17






	Item 6.





	Selected Financial Data




	 



	20






	Item 7.





	Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations




	 



	21






	Item 7A.





	Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk




	 



	27






	Item 8.





	Financial Statements and Supplementary Data




	 



	27






	Item 9.





	Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure




	 



	28






	Item 9A.





	Controls and Procedures




	 



	28






	Item 9B.





	Other Information




	 



	29






	PART III



	 


	 




	 


	 


	 





	Item 10.





	Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance




	 



	30






	Item 11.





	Executive Compensation




	 



	32






	Item 12.





	Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters




	 



	33






	Item 13.





	Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence




	 



	34






	Item 14.





	Principal Accountant Fees and Services




	 



	35






	PART IV



	 


	 




	 


	 


	 





	Item 15.





	Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules




	 



	36






	 

	 





	2

	 





	 






	 





	PART I



	 



	Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward
	Looking Statements



	 


	The
	discussion contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K contains “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of
	Section 27A of the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the United States
	Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act. Any statements about our expectations, beliefs, plans, objectives,
	assumptions or future events or performance are not historical facts and may be forward-looking. These statements are often, but
	not always, made through the use of words or phrases like “anticipate,” “estimate,” “plans,”
	“projects,” “continuing,” “ongoing,” “target,” “expects,” “management
	believes,” “we believe,” “we intend,” “we may,” “we will,” “we should,”
	“we seek,” “we plan,” the negative of those terms, and similar words or phrases.

	   

	 We
	base these forward-looking statements on our expectations, assumptions, estimates and projections about our business and the industry
	in which we operate as of the date of this Form 10-K. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties
	that cannot be predicted, quantified or controlled and that could cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth
	in, contemplated by, or underlying the forward-looking statements. Statements in this Form 10-K describe factors, among others,
	that could contribute to or cause these differences. Actual results may vary materially from those anticipated, estimated, projected
	or expected should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect.
	Because the factors discussed in this Form 10-K could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those expressed
	in any forward-looking statement made by us or on our behalf, you should not place undue reliance on any such forward-looking
	statement. New factors emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict which will arise. In addition, we cannot
	assess the impact of each factor on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual
	results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statement. Except as required by law, we undertake no
	obligation to publicly revise our forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that arise after the date of this
	Form 10-K or the date of documents incorporated by reference herein that include forward-looking statements.



	 








	Item 1.    Business




	 




	History




	 




	SINORAMA CORPORATION

	(“Sinorama”,
	the “Company” “we” or “us”) was incorporated in the State of Florida on June 30, 2016. The
	Company’s principal corporate address is La Plaza Swatow, Office 518, P.O. Box 008, 998 Blvd, Saint-Laurent, Montreal, QC
	H2Z 9Y9. Our telephone number is 

	514-866-6888

	. Our website address is


	www.sinoramacorporation.com


	.


	 


	We are a travel operator company. Our revenues
	are generated from the sale of self-developed products, including Bus Tour Products and Asian Tour Products. We also sell Third
	Party Products (Air tickets, Hotel and etc.). Revenues have grown rapidly since 2013, primarily driven by sale of our self-developed
	Asian Tours Products. Every year, over 10,000 tourists from North America, Europe, Australia and New Zealand traveled to Asia with
	Sinorama, while tens of thousands of tourists from China and around the world traveled with Sinorama in Canada, the United States
	and Europe.


	 


	We have three (3) executive officers, QIAN
	Hong, Chairman, JING Wenjia, Chief Executive Officer and ZHAO Hongxi, Chief Financial Officer.


	 


	The Company’s subsidiaries include
	Sinorama Tours Co., Ltd., Simon Qian Voyages, Inc., Vacances Sinorama Inc., and Sinorama Voyages.


	 



	SINORAMA TOURS CO., LTD

	("Sinorama
	Tours"), is a privately held Limited Company registered in Samoa on June 03, 2015. SINORAMA TOURS is authorized to issue 1,000,000
	shares of a single class, and has issued 10,000 shares of a single class, each with par value of $1.00 per share to its shareholders.


	 



	Simon Qian Voyages Inc

	. (“Simon
	Qian Voyages”) was established on October 12, 2012, under the laws of Canada. Ms. JING Wenjia was 100% holding controlling
	interest of Simon Qian Voyages. On June 09, 2016, the sole Shareholder of Simon Qian Voyages Inc. Ms. JING Wenjia transferred 100%
	controlling interest to Sinorama Tours Co., Ltd.


	 



	Vacances Sinorama Inc.

	(“Vacances
	Sinorama”), is a privately held, for-profit travel producer and seller, incorporated in Montreal, Quebec, Canada in December
	2004. Vacances Sinorama is a large integrated tour company providing Bus Tour, Asian Tour, Air Tickets, Hotel Reservation, Cruise
	and other solutions to its customers worldwide. Vacances Sinorama facilitate travel commerce with online and offline travel business,
	Vacances Sinorama is providing both business to customer (B2C) and business to business (“B2B”) travel commerce marketplace.


	 



	Sinorama Voyages

	(“Sinorama
	Voyages”) is a privately held, for-profit travel producer and seller, incorporated in Paris, France on February 2012, Mr.
	QIAN Hong owned 51% of Sinorama Voyages. Sinorama Voyages is an integrated travel company providing Bus Tour, Asian Tour to its
	customers worldwide. Sinorama Voyages facilitate travel commerce with online and offline travel business, Sinorama Voyages providing
	both business to customer (B2C) and business to business (“B2B”) travel commerce marketplace.


	 







	3

	 





	 




	  



	Reorganization




	On June 30, 2016, the Company engaged in a corporate reorganization to roll several controlled entities (now referred to as the
	“subsidiaries”) into one legal corporation (the Company). The specific transactions related to this reorganization
	are outlined below. The control of the entities has never changed (always under the control of husband (Mr. QIAN Hong) and/or
	wife (Ms. JING Wenjia). Accordingly, the combination has been treated as a corporate restructuring (reorganization) of entities
	under common control and thus the current capital structure has been retroactively presented in prior periods as if such structure
	existed at that time and in accordance with ASC 805-50-45-5, the entities under common control are presented on a combined basis
	for all periods to which such entities were under common control. Since all of the subsidiaries were under common control for
	the entirety of the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2016, the results of these subsidiaries are included in the financial statements
	for both periods. Non-controlling interests in the subsidiaries are related parties and thus were not adjusted to fair value as
	a result of the reorganization.


	 


	The transactions leading up to and including
	the reorganization are as follows:


	 


	On December 30, 2014, Mr. QIAN Hong owned
	100% of the controlling interest of Vacances Sinorama. Mr. Hong transferred 66.67% of his controlling interest to Simon Qian Voyages.
	Therefore, 66.67% of Vacances Sinorama is owned by Simon Qian Voyages and 33.33% is owned by Mr. QIAN Hong.


	 


	On May 09, 2016, Mr. Hong transferred 51%
	of his controlling interest of Sinorama Voyages to Sinorama Tours Co., Ltd.


	 


	On June 09, 2016, the sole Shareholder
	of Simon Qian Voyages Inc. Ms. JING Wenjia transferred 100% of her controlling interest to Sinorama Tours Co., Ltd.


	 


	On June 30, 2016, the Company issued a
	total of 11,000,000 shares of its common stock, par value $0.001(the Sinorama Corporation shares) to the shareholders of Sinorama
	Tours Co., Ltd (“Sinorama Tours”), a company which was incorporated in Samoa on June 03, 2015, in exchange for 100%
	of Sinorama Tours Co., Ltd shares owned by the shareholders. Upon the completion of this transaction, all the shareholders had
	exchanged 100% of their shares for the shares of Sinorama, and Sinorama Tours became a 100% owned subsidiary of Sinorama.


	 


	Sinorama, Sinorama Tours, Simon Qian Voyages,
	Vacances Sinorama and Sinorama Voyages are collectively referred as the “Group”.


	 





	4

	 





	 




	 





	Item 1.    Business-


	continued




	 




	Our Industry



	 


	According to the

	Statistical Annex

	of the United Nations World Tourism Organization World Tourism Barometer (

	UNWTO World Tourism Barometer)

	present full year
	results for international tourism in 2015, based on preliminary data for international overnight visitors reported by destinations
	around the world.


	 


	The number of international tourists (overnight
	visitors) reached 1,184 million in 2015, 50 million more than in 2014. With a 4.4% increase, 2015 marks the sixth consecutive year
	of robust growth above the long-term average since the financial crisis of 2009. International tourism has gained 256 million arrivals
	since the pre-crisis year of 2008.


	 


Click to enlarge


	 


	Europe (+5%) led growth in absolute and
	relative terms supported by a weaker euro vis-à-vis the US dollar and other main currencies. Arrivals reached 609 million,
	or 29 million more than in 2014. Central and Eastern Europe (+6%) rebounded from last year’s decrease in arrivals. Northern
	Europe (+7%) and Southern Mediterranean Europe (+5%) also recorded sound results while Western Europe (+3%) was below average.


	 


	Asia and the Pacific (+5%) recorded 14
	million more international tourist arrivals last year to reach 278 million, with uneven results across destinations. Oceania (+7%)
	and South-East Asia (+6%) led growth, while South Asia and North-East Asia recorded an increase of 4%.


	 


	Results from the UNWTO Confidence Index
	remain largely positive for 2016, though at a slightly lower level than the previous two years. Based on the current trend and
	outlook, UNWTO projects international tourist arrivals to grow by 4% worldwide in 2016.


	 


Click to enlarge


	 







	5

	 





	 




	 




	Therefore, over the past years, tourism
	has proven to be a surprisingly strong and resilient economic activity and a fundamental contributor to the economic recovery by
	generating billions of dollars in exports and creating millions of jobs. This has been true for destinations all around the world,
	but particularly for Europe, as the region struggles to consolidate its way out of one of the worst economic periods in its history.



	 




	Strengths



	 


	Management believes the following strengths
	have contributed to our success:



	·

	  Multiple
	languages services offerings;



	·

	  Advanced
	and scalable proprietary technology;



	·

	  Large
	and diversified customer base;



	·

	  Trusted
	brand powered by compelling customer experience;



	·

	  Comprehensive
	product offerings; and



	·

	  Extensive
	supplier network and strong supply chain management expertise;



	 




	Strategies



	 


	Our goal is to become a world consumers’
	destination for leisure travel products and services. We aim to further expand our online leisure travel market share by pursuing
	the following strategies:



	·

	  Expand
	product designation and offering;



	·

	  Expand
	multiple languages services offerings;



	·

	  Further
	grow user base and increase user engagement;



	·

	  Strengthen
	supply chain management;



	·

	  Enhance
	online platform;



	·

	  Continue
	to invest in technology and product development capabilities; and



	·

	  Pursue
	strategic acquisitions.


	 



	Challenges



	 


	The successful execution of our business
	plan is subject to risks and uncertainties related to the business and industry, including those relating to the ability to:



	·

	  Continue
	to provide competitive travel products and services;



	·

	  Continue
	to provide competitive multiple languages services;



	·

	  Maintain
	the quality of customer services;



	·

	  Adequately
	control and ensure the quality of travel products and services sourced from the Company itself and travel suppliers;



	·

	  Achieve
	and maintain profitability given history of net losses;



	·

	  Adapt
	to the more stringent regulations on tour operators under the newly promulgated Tourism Law;



	·

	  Compete
	successfully against existing and new competitors;



	·

	  Enhance
	the Company brand recognition;



	·

	  Manage
	the proceedings or claims arising from travel-related accidents or customer misconducts;



	·

	  Maintain
	the satisfactory performance of the Company online platform and management systems; and



	·

	  The
	Company’s ability to attract, train and retain qualified personnel.


	You should refer to “Risk Factors”,
	beginning on page 6, for a more detailed discussion of the risks involved in investing Sinorama.



	 




	Competition



	 


	The travel company industry is fragmented
	and highly competitive over the world. Our competitors in the market can be grouped into several broad categories based on size,
	business model, product offerings, target customers and geographic scope of operations. These include international products suppliers
	and travel companies with significant competitive services. We expect competition to continue to remain competitive and strong
	for the foreseeable future.


	 



	Marketing



	 


	To increase our visibility, in 2017, the
	Company plans to further strengthen marketing efforts and improve brand awareness through advertising on newspapers,
	magazines and television. We will continue to focus on self-produced travel products service by maintaining good relationship with
	our customers and providing quality travel services. We have our own marketing department and team to focus on specific market
	and customers. We understand that the key to success is to provide quality travel services.


	 







	6

	 





	 






	 





	The company corporate structure



	 


	Our primary business operations are conducted
	through our Canadian and French operating subsidiaries, Vacances Sinorama and Sinorama Voyages. For ease of reference, below is
	a chart that presents our current corporate structure.


	 


Click to enlarge
	 


	 



	Taxes



	 


	The Company accounts for income taxes in
	accordance with ASC 740, Income Taxes, which requires that the Company recognize deferred tax liabilities and assets based on the
	differences between the financial statement carrying amounts and the tax basis of assets and liabilities, using enacted tax rates
	in effect in the years the differences are expected to reverse. Deferred income tax benefit (expense) results from the change in
	net deferred tax assets or deferred tax liabilities. A valuation allowance is recorded when, in the opinion of management, it is
	more likely than not that some or all of any deferred tax assets will not be realized.


	 



	United States



	 


	Sinorama Corporation is subject to the
	United States of America Tax law at tax rate of 34%. No provision for the US federal income taxes has been made as the Company
	had no US taxable income for the periods presented, and its earnings are permanently invested in Canada and Paris.


	 



	Samoa



	 


	Sinorama Tours Co., Ltd was incorporated
	in the Samoa and, under the current laws of the Samoa, it is not subject to income tax.


	 


	Canada


	 


	Simon Qian Voyages Inc. and Vacances Sinorama
	Inc. were incorporated in Canada and is subject to Canada profits tax. Simon Qian Voyages Inc. and Vacances Sinorama Inc.
	are subject to Canada taxation on its activities conducted in Canada and income arising in or derived from Canada. The applicable
	statutory tax rate is 38%.


	 



	France



	 


	Sinorama Voyages was incorporated in France
	and is subject to France profit tax. Sinorama Voyages are subject to France taxation on its activities conducted in France and
	income arising in or derived from France. The applicable statutory tax is 33.33 %.


	 



	Employees



	 


	As of December 31, 2016, we have 154 employees. None
	of our employees are represented by a labor union or similar collective bargaining organization.


	 





	7

	 






	 




	 







	Item 1A.    Risk Factors.




	 




	An investment in our common stock involves a high degree
	of risk. You should carefully consider the following risk factors and other information in this 10K before deciding to invest in
	our Company. If any of the following risks actually occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations for growth
	could be seriously harmed. As a result, the trading price of our common stock could decline and you could lose all or part of your
	investment.

	 






	 






	Risks Related to Our Business






	 






	If we do not continue to provide
	competitive travel products and services, we may not be able to attract new customers or to retain existing customers, and our
	business, financial condition and results of operations could suffer.




	Our success depends on our ability to attract
	new customers or to retain existing customers, which in turn requires our continuous provision of a wide array of competitive travel
	products and services. Participants in the travel industry are continuously developing new travel products and services. We strive
	to stay abreast of emerging and rapidly changing customer preferences and be able to anticipate trends that will appeal to existing
	and potential customers. We will also continue to invest in research and development in order to continuously improve the speed,
	accuracy and comprehensiveness of our online platform and offline sales. If we fail to continuously improve our travel products
	and services and platform at a competitive pace, we may lose customers to our competitors and may not attract new customers. In
	addition to Asia tours, we provide other travel-related services, such as sales of tourist attraction tickets and visa processing
	services. We intend to further broaden our product selection by extending our coverage of departing cities and travel destinations
	as well as offering more departure time selections. If we fail to continue to design quality travel products and services tailored
	to accommodate our customers’ changing needs and preferences, we may not be able to sell additional products and services
	to our current customers, retain our current customers or attract new customers, and our business, financial condition and results
	of operations will be materially and adversely affected.




	 






	We may not be able to compete against companies with substantially
	greater resources.




	The travel industry is intensely competitive
	and we expect competition to intensify further in the future. Companies with greater resources may have advantages that make our
	model weaker in comparison.




	 






	We have operated at a loss and we
	may not be profitable in the near future.




	We have not achieved profitability. We
	may not be able to achieve profitability or avoid net losses in the future. Although our revenues have grown significantly in recent
	periods, such growth rates may not be sustainable and may decrease in the future. In addition, our ability to become profitable
	depends on various factors, including our ability to control our costs and expenses, which we expect will increase as we expand
	our business and invest more in product developments and sales and marketing. If our revenues fail to increase at the rate we anticipate,
	or if our costs and expenses increase at a more rapid rate than our revenues, we may not be able to achieve profitability and may
	incur greater losses.




	 






	We cannot assure that we will earn
	a profit or that our products will be accepted by consumers.




	Our business is speculative and reliant on acceptance of our
	brand name by local communities, travelers and advertisers. Our operating performance is also heavily dependent on our ability
	to earn a profit from our services. We cannot assure as to whether we will be successful or earn any revenue or profit, or that
	investors will not lose their entire investment.




	 






	We may incur cost overruns in the distribution of our
	various services.




	We may incur substantial cost overruns
	in the distribution of our services. Unanticipated costs may force us to obtain additional capital or financing from other sources,
	or may cause us to lose our entire investment if we are unable to obtain the additional funds necessary to implement our business
	plan. We cannot assure that we will be able to obtain sufficient capital to successfully continue the implementation of our business
	plan. If a greater investment in the business is required due to cost overruns, the probability of earning a profit or a return
	of the shareholders’ investment in us diminishes.




	 






	If our estimates related to future
	expenditures are erroneous or inaccurate, our business will fail and you could lose your entire investment.




	Our success is dependent in part upon the
	accuracy of our management’s estimates of our future cost expenditures for legal and accounting services (including those
	we expect to incur as a publicly reporting company), for research and development, construction, marketing, and for administrative
	expenses. If such estimates are erroneous or inaccurate, or if we encounter unforeseen costs, we may not be able to carry out our
	business plan, which could result in the failure of our business and the loss of your entire investment.




	 






	The loss of the services of any of
	our officers or our failure to timely identify and retain competent personnel could negatively impact our ability to develop our
	products and sales.




	The development of our business will continue
	to place a significant strain on our limited personnel, management, and other resources. Our future success depends upon the continued
	services of our executive officers, QIAN Hong, our Chairman and Director, JING Wenjia, our Chief Executive Officer and Director,
	ZHAO Hongxi, our Chief Financial Officer and Director. They are developing our business, and our ability to identify and retain
	competent employees with the skills required to execute our business objectives. The loss of the services of any of our officers
	or our failure to timely identify and retain competent personnel could negatively impact our ability to develop our products and
	sales, which could adversely affect our financial results and impair our growth.


	 





	8

	 





	 




	 








	Our Chief Executive Officer beneficially owns and
	controls a substantial portion of our outstanding common stock, which may limit your ability and the ability of our other stockholders,
	whether acting alone or together, to propose or direct the management or overall direction of our Company.




	Ms. JING Wenjia, acts as our Chief Executive
	Officer and Director, and through her control of approximately 56.12% of our outstanding common stock, controls the Company and
	important matters relating to us. As a result of her positions and her control of our common stock, Ms. Wenjia controls the outcome
	of all matters submitted to our shareholders for approval, including the election of our directors, our business strategy and our
	day-to-day operations. In addition, Ms. Wenjia’s ownership of our common stock and control of the Company could discourage
	the acquisition of our common stock by potential investors and could have an anti-takeover effect, preventing a change in control
	of the Company and possibly depressing the trading price of our common stock. There can be no assurance that conflicts of interest
	will not arise with respect to Ms. Wenjia’s ownership and control of the Company or that any conflicts will be resolved in
	a manner favorable to the other shareholders of the Company.




	 






	Our internal controls over financial
	reporting may not be effective and our independent registered public accounting firm may not be able to certify as to their effectiveness,
	which could have a significant and adverse effect on our business and reputation.




	As a newly public reporting company, we
	will be in a continuing process of developing, establishing, and maintaining internal controls and procedures that will allow our
	management to report on, and our independent registered public accounting firm to attest to, our internal controls over financial
	reporting if and when required to do so under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Our independent registered public
	accounting firm is not required to attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Section
	404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act until the date we are no longer an emerging growth company, our management will be required to
	report on our internal controls over financial reporting under Section 404. If we fail to achieve and maintain the adequacy of
	our internal controls, we would not be able to conclude on an ongoing basis that we have effective internal controls over financial
	reporting in accordance with Section 404. At such time, our independent registered public accounting firm may issue a report that
	is adverse in the event it is not satisfied with the level at which our controls are documented, designed or operating. Moreover,
	our testing, or the subsequent testing by our independent registered public accounting firm, that must be performed may reveal
	other material weaknesses or that the material weaknesses described above have not been fully remediated. If we do not remediate
	the material weaknesses described above, or if other material weaknesses are identified or we are not able to comply with the requirements
	of Section 404 in a timely manner, our reported financial results could be materially misstated or could subsequently require restatement,
	we could receive an adverse opinion regarding our internal controls over financial reporting from our independent registered public
	accounting firm and we could be subject to investigations or sanctions by regulatory authorities, which would require additional
	financial and management resources, and the market price of our stock could decline.




	 






	In the event of a breach of law by
	us or a breach of a contractual obligation, our shareholders will have little or no recourse because all of our assets, as well
	as our officers and directors, are located in Canada and France.




	Investors in our Company will have little
	recourse in the event of a breach of law or contractual obligation that has an adverse effect upon our operations because of the
	inherent difficulties in enforcing their rights since all of our assets are located in Canada and France. JING Wenjia and ZHAO
	Hongxi as our officers and directors reside outside of the United States. Investors located in the United States may have difficulty
	enforcing their rights against such person(s) if they were to breach their duties. In addition, it may not be possible to affect
	service of process in Canada and France and uncertainty exists as to whether the courts in Canada and France would recognize or
	enforce judgments of U.S. courts obtained against our officers and directors predicated on the civil liability provisions of the
	securities laws of the U.S. or any state thereof, or to be competent to hear original actions brought in Canada and France against
	us or such person predicated upon the securities laws of the United States or any state thereof.




	 






	If we are unable to hire, retain or motivate qualified
	personnel, consultants, independent contractors, and advisors, we may not be able to grow effectively.




	Our performance will be largely dependent
	on the talents and efforts of highly skilled individuals. Future success depends on our continuing ability to identify, hire, develop,
	motivate and retain highly qualified personnel for all areas of our organization. Competition for such qualified employees is intense.
	If we do not succeed in attracting excellent personnel or in retaining or motivating them, we may be unable to grow effectively.
	In addition, all future success depends largely on our ability to retain key consultants and advisors. We cannot assure that any
	skilled individuals will agree to become an employee, consultant, or independent contractor of Sinorama. Our inability to retain
	their services could negatively impact our business and our ability to execute our business strategy. From our past experiences,
	we have never had difficulties hiring or retaining qualified personnel, independent contractors or advisors.




	 






	Our lack of an independent audit
	committee and audit committee financial expert at this time may hinder our board of directors’ effectiveness in fulfilling
	the functions of the audit committee without undue influence from management and until we establish such committee will prevent
	us from obtaining a listing on a national securities exchange.




	Although our common stock is not listed
	on any national securities exchange, for purposes of independence we use the definition of independence applied by NASDAQ. Currently,
	we have no independent audit committee. Our full board of director’s functions as our audit committee and is comprised of
	three directors. An independent audit committee plays a crucial role in the corporate governance process, assessing our Company's
	processes relating to our risks and control environment, overseeing financial reporting, and evaluating internal and independent
	audit processes. The lack of an independent audit committee may prevent the board of directors from being independent from management
	in its judgments and decisions and its ability to pursue the responsibilities of an audit committee without undue influence. We
	may have difficulty attracting and retaining directors with the requisite qualifications. If we are unable to attract and retain
	qualified, independent directors, the management of our business could be compromised. An independent audit committee is required
	for listing on any national securities exchange, therefore until such time as we meet the audit committee independence requirements
	of a national securities exchange we will be ineligible for listing on any national securities exchange. 


	 





	9

	 





	 




	 




	Our board of directors act as our
	compensation committee, which presents the risk that compensation and benefits paid to those executive officers who are board members
	and other officers may not be commensurate with our financial performance.




	A compensation committee consisting of
	independent directors is a safeguard against self-dealing by company executives. Our board of directors acts as the compensation
	committee and determines the compensation and benefits of our executive officers, administers our employee stock and benefit plans,
	and reviews policies relating to the compensation and benefits of our employees. Our lack of an independent compensation committee
	presents the risk that our executive officer on the board may have influence over his personal compensation and benefits levels
	that may not be commensurate with our financial performance.




	 






	Limitations on director and officer
	liability and indemnification of our Company’s officers and directors by us may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit
	against an officer or director.




	Our Company’s certificate of incorporation
	and bylaws provide, with certain exceptions as permitted by governing state law, that a director or officer shall not be personally
	liable to us or our stockholders for breach of fiduciary duty as a director or officer, except for acts or omissions which involve
	intentional misconduct, fraud or knowing violation of law, or unlawful payments of dividends. These provisions may discourage stockholders
	from bringing a lawsuit against a director or officer for breach of fiduciary duty and may reduce the likelihood of derivative
	litigation brought by stockholders on our behalf against a director or officer.




	 






	We are responsible for the indemnification
	of our officers and directors.




	Should our officers and/or directors require
	us to contribute to their defense, we may be required to spend significant amounts of our capital. Our certificate of incorporation
	and bylaws also provide for the indemnification of our directors, officers, employees, and agents, under certain circumstances,
	against attorney's fees and other expenses incurred by them in any litigation to which they become a party arising from their association
	with or activities on behalf of our Company. This indemnification policy could result in substantial expenditures, which we may
	be unable to recoup. If these expenditures are significant, or involve issues which result in significant liability for our key
	personnel, we may be unable to continue operating as a going concern.




	 






	Our management has limited experience
	managing a public company.




	At the present time, none of our management
	has experience in managing a public company. This may hinder our ability to establish effective controls and systems and comply
	with all applicable requirements attendant to being a public company. If compliance problems result, these problems could have
	a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. As a public company, we will incur significant
	legal, accounting and other expenses that we did not incur as a private company. In addition, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or
	Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and the Dodd-Frank Act of 2010, as well as rules subsequently implemented by the SEC, have imposed various
	new requirements on public companies, including requiring changes in corporate governance practices. Our management and other personnel
	will need to devote a substantial amount of time to our new compliance requirements. Moreover, these requirements will increase
	our legal, accounting and financial compliance costs and will make some activities more time-consuming and costly. For example,
	we expect it will be difficult and more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance. These requirements
	could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on our board of directors, our board
	committees or as executive officers.




	 






	The new technologies of the internet
	market make it much easier for individuals to plan the details of their own trips.




	The new technologies of the Internet make
	it much easier for affluent individuals and others to plan the details of their own trips, thereby eliminating the fees we hope
	to collect. Such self-managed trips may have caused many travel operators to go out of business in recent years and may continue
	to cause travel agencies to go out of business.




	 






	Uncertainty and adverse changes in
	the general economic conditions of the markets in which we will participate may negatively affect our business.




	Current and future conditions in the economy
	have an inherent degree of uncertainty. It is even more difficult to estimate growth or contraction in various parts, sectors and
	regions of the economy, including the markets in which we will participate. As a result, it is difficult to estimate the level
	of growth or contraction for the economy as a whole. Adverse changes may occur as a result of soft global economic conditions,
	rising oil prices, wavering consumer confidence, unemployment, declines in stock markets, contraction of credit availability, or
	other factors affecting economic conditions in general. These changes may negatively affect our sales or increase our exposure
	to losses. These possible changes may also affect the ability for company like us to raise sufficient capital in the US equity
	market in the future.




	 






	As a smaller travel company with
	reporting obligations we may be at a competitive disadvantage to other travel companies. The travel industry has low barriers to
	entry.




	Because the travel market is competitive,
	is driven in part by costs, and consists mostly of private companies that do not have public reporting obligations, our reporting
	obligations may put us at a competitive disadvantage. The travel industry has low barriers to entry. In addition, we face additional
	expenses that a private travel company does not have such as PCAOB auditor fees, Edgar filing fees and legal fees related to our
	SEC reporting obligations. Other non-public travel companies do not incur these costs. We are at a competitive disadvantage to
	our competitors because of this.


	 





	10

	 





	 




	 





	Risks Related to Regulation





	 






	Litigation and regulatory investigations
	may result in significant financial losses and harm to our reputation.




	We face significant risk of litigation,
	regulatory investigations and similar actions in the ordinary course of our business, including the risk of lawsuits and other
	legal actions relating to unauthorized transactions, error transactions, breach of data privacy laws, breach of fiduciary or other
	duties. Any such action may include claims for substantial or unspecified compensatory damages, as well as civil, regulatory or
	criminal proceedings against our directors, officers or employees, and the probability and amount of liability, if any, any remain
	unknown for significant periods of time. We may be also subject to various regulatory inquiries, such as information requests and
	book and records examinations, from regulators and other authorities in the geographical markets in which we operate. A substantial
	liability arising from a lawsuit judgment or a significant regulatory action against us or a disruption in our business arising
	from adverse adjudications in proceedings against our directors, officers or employees could have a material adverse effect on
	our business, financial condition and results or operations. Moreover, even if we ultimately prevail in the litigation, regulatory
	action or investigation, we could suffer significant harm to our reputation, which could materially affect our prospects and future
	growth, including our ability to attract new agents as customers, retain current agents and their customers, and recruit and retain
	employees and agents.




	 






	As a result of our becoming a public
	company, we will become subject to additional reporting and corporate governance requirements that will require additional management
	time, resources and expense.




	In connection with this filing, we will
	become obligated to file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission annual and quarterly information and other reports that
	are specified in the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934. We will also become subject to other reporting and corporate governance
	requirements under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, all of which
	will impose significant compliance and reporting obligations upon us.




	 






	Our processing, storage, use and
	disclosure of personal data could give rise to liabilities as a result of governmental regulation, conflicting legal requirements,
	evolving security standards, differing views of personal privacy rights or security breaches.




	In the processing of our travel transactions,
	we receive and store a large volume of personally identifiable information. This information is increasingly subject to legislation
	and regulations in numerous jurisdictions around the world, typically intended to protect the privacy and security of personal
	information. It is also subject to evolving security standards for credit card information that is collected, processed and transmitted.
	We could be adversely affected if legislation or regulations are expanded to require changes in our business practices or if governing
	jurisdictions interpret or implement their legislation or regulations in ways that negatively affect our business. Travel businesses
	have also been subjected to investigations, lawsuits and adverse publicity due to allegedly improper disclosure of passenger information.
	As privacy and data protection have become more sensitive and politicized issues, we may also become exposed to potential liabilities
	in relation to our handling, use and disclosure of travel related data, as it pertains to individuals, as a result of differing
	views on the privacy of such data. Our business could be affected by public concerns in some parts of the world. Other privacy
	concerns, including security breaches, could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.




	 






	Our business is regulated, and any
	failure to comply with such regulations or any changes in such regulations could adversely affect us.




	We operate in a regulated industry. Our
	business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected by unfavorable changes in or the enactment
	of new laws, rules and/or regulations applicable to us, which could decrease demand for products and services, increase costs or
	subject us to additional liabilities. Moreover, regulatory authorities have relatively broad discretion to grant, renew and revoke
	licenses and approvals and to implement regulations. Accordingly, such regulatory authorities could prevent or temporarily suspend
	us from carrying on some or all of our activities or otherwise penalize us if our practices were found not to comply with the then
	current regulatory or licensing requirements or any interpretation of such requirements by the regulatory authority. Our failure
	to comply with any of these requirements or interpretations could have a material adverse effect on our operations.




	 






	From time to time, we may be involved
	in legal proceedings and may experience unfavorable outcomes.




	We are, and in the future, may be, subject
	to material legal proceedings in the course of our business, including, but not limited to, actions relating to contract disputes,
	business practices, intellectual property and other commercial and tax matters. Such legal proceedings may involve claims for substantial
	amounts of money or for other relief or might necessitate changes to our business or operations, and the defense of such actions
	may be both time consuming and expensive. Further, if any such proceedings were to result in an unfavorable outcome, it could have
	a material adverse effect on our business, financial position and results of operations.




	 






	A slowdown or other adverse developments
	in the Canada and France economy may materially and adversely affect our customers, demand for our products and our business.




	We are a holding company and of our operations
	are entirely conducted in the Canada and France. In addition, all of our revenues are currently generated from sales in the Canada
	and France. Although the Canada and France economy has grown at a remarkable pace in recent years, we cannot assure you that such
	growth will continue. A slowdown in overall economic growth, an economic downturn or recession or other adverse economic developments
	in the Canada and France may materially reduce the demand for our products and have a materially adverse effect on.


	 





	11

	 





	 






	 




	Risks Relating to Our Common Stock






	 






	We are an emerging growth company and, as a result of
	the reduced disclosure and governance requirements applicable to emerging growth companies, our common stock may be less attractive
	to investors.




	We are an emerging growth company, as defined
	in the JOBS Act, and we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements applicable to
	other public companies, but not to emerging growth companies, including, but not limited to, a requirement to present only two
	years of audited financial statements, an exemption from the auditor attestation requirement of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
	Act, reduced disclosure about executive compensation arrangements pursuant to the rules applicable to smaller reporting companies
	and no requirement to seek non-binding advisory votes on executive compensation or golden parachute arrangements, although some
	of these exemptions are available to us as a smaller reporting company (i.e. a company with less than $75 million of its voting
	equity held by affiliates).  We have elected to adopt these reduced disclosure requirements.  We cannot predict
	if investors will find our common stock less attractive as a result of our taking advantage of these exemptions.  If
	some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result of our choices, there may be a less active trading market for
	our common stock and our stock price may be more volatile.


	 


	Pursuant to Section 107(b) of the JOBS
	Act, we have elected to use the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards under Section
	102(b)(2) of The JOBS Act. This election allows us to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards that have different
	effective dates for public and private companies until those standards apply to private companies. As a result, our financial statements
	may not be comparable to companies that comply with public company effective dates. The decision to opt out is irrevocable.


	 


	Because the worldwide market value of our
	common stock held by non-affiliates, or public float, is below $75 million, we are also a “smaller reporting company”
	as defined under the Exchange Act. Some of the foregoing reduced disclosure and other requirements are also available to us because
	we are a smaller reporting company and may continue to be available to us even after we are no longer an emerging growth company
	under the JOBS Act but remain a smaller reporting company under the Exchange Act. As a smaller reporting company, we are not required
	to:


	 






	•


	have an auditor report on our internal control over
	financial reporting pursuant to Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act; and




	 






	•


	present more than two years of audited financial statements
	in our registration statements and annual reports on Form 10-K and present any selected financial data in such registration statements
	and annual reports filings made by the Company on the EDGAR Company Search page of the Securities and Exchange Commission's Web
	site, the address for which is www.sec.gov. The public may read and copy any materials the Company files with the SEC at the SEC's
	Public.






	 






	Because we are subject to “penny
	stock” rules, the level of trading activity in our stock may be reduced.




	Broker-dealer practices in connection with
	transactions in “penny stocks” are regulated by penny stock rules adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission.
	Penny stocks generally are equity securities with a price of less than $5.00 (other than securities registered on some national
	securities exchanges). The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer, prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt
	from the rules, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document that provides information about penny stocks and the nature
	and level of risks in the penny stock market. The broker-dealer also must provide the customer with current bid and offer quotations
	for the penny stock, the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction, and, if the broker-dealer is
	the sole market maker, the broker-dealer must disclose this fact and the broker-dealer’s presumed control over the market,
	and monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer’s account. In addition,
	broker-dealers who sell these securities to persons other than established customers and “accredited investors” must
	make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser’s
	written agreement to the transaction. Consequently, these requirements may have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity,
	if any, in the secondary market for a security subject to the penny stock rules. If a trading market does develop for our common
	stock, these regulations will likely be applicable, and investors in our common stock may find it difficult to sell their shares.


	 







	12

	 





	 




	  




	FINRA sales practice requirements may limit a stockholder’s
	ability to buy and sell our stock.




	FINRA has adopted rules that require that
	in recommending an investment to a customer, a broker-dealer must have reasonable grounds for believing that the investment is
	suitable for that customer. Prior to recommending speculative low priced securities to their non-institutional customers, broker-dealers
	must make reasonable efforts to obtain information about the customer’s financial status, tax status, investment objectives
	and other information. Under interpretations of these rules, FINRA believes that there is a high probability that speculative low
	priced securities will not be suitable for at least some customers. FINRA requirements make it more difficult for broker-dealers
	to recommend that their customers buy our common stock, which may have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity in
	our common stock. As a result, fewer broker-dealers may be willing to make a market in our common stock, reducing a stockholder’s
	ability to resell shares of our common stock.


	 




	State securities laws may limit secondary trading, which
	may restrict the states in which you can sell the shares offered by this prospectus.




	If you purchase shares of our common stock
	sold pursuant to this Offering, you may not be able to resell the shares in a certain state unless and until the shares of our
	common stock are qualified for secondary trading under the applicable securities laws of such state or there is confirmation that
	an exemption, such as listing in certain recognized securities manuals, is available for secondary trading in such state. There
	can be no assurance that we will be successful in registering or qualifying our common stock for secondary trading, or identifying
	an available exemption for secondary trading in our common stock in every state. If we fail to register or qualify, or to obtain
	or verify an exemption for the secondary trading of, our common stock in any particular state, the shares of common stock could
	not be offered or sold to, or purchased by, a resident of that state. In the event that a significant number of states refuse to
	permit secondary trading in our common stock, the market for the common stock will be limited which could drive down the market
	price of our common stock and reduce the liquidity of the shares of our common stock and a stockholder’s ability to resell
	shares of our common stock at all or at current market prices, which could increase a stockholder’s risk of losing some or
	all of his investment.






	 






	Shareholders do not have pre-emptive
	rights, which will cause them to experience dilution if we issue additional securities.




	At any time or times after this offering,
	we may issue and sell additional shares of our authorized but previously unissued shares of common stock, preferred stock, or common
	stock warrants on such terms and conditions as our Board of Directors, in its sole discretion, may determine without consent of
	our shareholders. Our shareholders do not have pre-emptive rights to acquire additional shares should we in the future issue or
	sell additional securities. Thus, we are not required to offer any existing shareholder the right to purchase his or her pro rata
	portion of any future issuance of securities and, therefore, upon the issuance of any additional securities by us hereafter, our
	shareholders will not be able to maintain their then existing pro rata ownership in our outstanding shares of common stock, preferred
	stock, or common stock warrants without additional purchases of securities at the price then set internally by us.


	 







	13

	 





	 




	  




	Because we do not intend to pay any
	dividends on our common stock, holders of our common stock must rely on stock appreciation for any return on their investment.




	There are no restrictions in our Articles
	of Incorporation or Bylaws that prevent us from declaring dividends. We do not anticipate paying any such dividends for the foreseeable
	future. Accordingly, holders of our common stock will have to rely on capital appreciation, if any, to earn a return on their investment
	in our common stock.


	 




	We may not be able to attract the
	attention of major brokerage firms, which could have a material adverse impact on the market value of our common stock.




	The trading market for our common stock
	will rely in part on the research and reports that equity research analysts publish about us and our business. We do not control
	these analysts. However, security analysts of major brokerage firms may not provide coverage of our common stock since there is
	no incentive to brokerage firms to recommend the purchase of our common stock, which may adversely affect the market price of our
	common stock. If equity research analysts do provide research coverage of our common stock, the price of our common stock could
	decline if one or more of these analysts downgrade our common stock or if they issue other unfavorable commentary about us or our
	business. If one or more of these analysts ceases coverage of our company, we could lose visibility in the market, which in turn
	could cause our stock price to decline.




	 






	Our insiders beneficially own a significant
	portion of our stock, and accordingly, may have control over stockholder matters, the Company’s business and management.




	The percentage ownership information shown
	in the table below is calculated based on 14,700,000 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding as of March 31, 2017. We
	do not have any outstanding options, warrants or other securities exercisable for or convertible into shares of our common stock.


	 






	 


	 


	 


	 




	Amount and




	Nature




	 


	 


	 


	 




	Title of


	 


	 


	 


	of Beneficial


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Class


	 


	Name of Beneficial Owner


	 


	Ownership


	 


	 


	Percentage


	 




	Common Stock


	 


	JING Wenjia


	 


	 


	8,250,000


	 


	 


	 


	56.12


	%




	 


	 


	Chief Executive Officer and Director.


	 


	 



	Direct



	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Common Stock


	 


	ZHAO Hongxi


	 


	 


	550,000


	 


	 


	 


	3.74


	%




	 


	 


	Chief Financial Officer and Director


	 


	 



	Direct



	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	All Officers and Directors as a Group


	 


	 


	8,800,000


	 


	 


	 


	59.86


	%





	 


	As a result, our executive officers, directors and affiliated
	persons will have significant influence to:


	 




	 



	·




	Elect or defeat the election of our directors;





	 




	 



	·




	Amend or prevent amendment of our articles of incorporation or bylaws;





	 




	 



	·




	Effect or prevent a merger, sale of assets or other corporate transaction; and





	 




	 



	·




	Affect the outcome of any other matter submitted to the stockholders for vote.





	 


	Moreover, because of the significant ownership
	position held by our insiders, new investors will not be able to affect a change in the Company’s business or management,
	and therefore, shareholders would be subject to decisions made by management and the majority shareholders.


	 


	In addition, sales of significant amounts
	of shares held by our directors and executive officers, or the prospect of these sales, could adversely affect the market price
	of our common stock. Management’s stock ownership may discourage a potential acquirer from making a tender offer or otherwise
	attempting to obtain control of us, which in turn could reduce our stock price or prevent our stockholders from realizing a premium
	over our stock price.


	 







	14

	 





	 




	 


	 






	The sale of securities by us in any
	equity or debt financing could result in dilution to our existing stockholders and have a material adverse effect on our earnings.




	We are authorized to issue up to 100,000,000
	shares of common stock, of which 14,700,000 shares are issued and outstanding. Our Board of Directors has the authority to cause
	us to issue additional shares of common stock, and to determine the rights, preferences and privilege of such shares, without consent
	of any of our stockholders. Any sale of common stock by us in a future private placement offering could result in dilution to the
	existing stockholders as a direct result of our issuance of additional shares of our capital stock. In addition, our business strategy
	may include expansion through internal growth by acquiring complementary businesses, acquiring or licensing additional brands,
	or establishing strategic relationships with targeted customers and suppliers. In order to do so, or to finance the cost of our
	other activities, we may issue additional equity securities that could dilute our stockholders’ stock ownership. We may also
	assume additional debt and incur impairment losses related to goodwill and other tangible assets, and this could negatively impact
	our earnings and results of operations.




	 






	If securities or industry analysts
	do not publish research or reports about our business, or if they downgrade their recommendations regarding our common stock, our
	stock price and trading volume could decline.




	The trading market for our common stock
	may be influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts publish about us or our business. If any of
	the analysts who cover us downgrade our common stock, our common stock price would likely decline. If analysts cease coverage of
	our company or fail to regularly publish reports on us, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which in turn could
	cause our common stock price or trading volume to decline.




	 






	The requirements of being a public
	company may strain our resources, divert management’s attention and affect our ability to attract and retain qualified members
	for our Board of Directors.




	As a public company, we will be subject
	to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), and the Sarbanes-Oxley
	Act. The requirements of these rules and regulations increase our legal, accounting and financial compliance costs, may make some
	activities more difficult, time-consuming and costly and may also place undue strain on our personnel, systems and resources. In
	order to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting,
	we will need to expend significant resources and provide significant management oversight. We have a substantial effort ahead of
	us to implement appropriate processes, document our system of internal control over relevant processes, assess their design, remediate
	any deficiencies identified and test their operation. As a result, management’s attention may be diverted from other business
	concerns, which could harm our business, operating results and financial condition. These efforts will also involve substantial
	accounting-related costs.


	 


	As a result of these and other factors,
	our operating results may not meet the expectations of investors or public market analysts who choose to follow our Company. Our
	failure to meet market expectations would likely result in decreases in the trading price of our common stock.




	 






	Because some of our officers and
	directors live outside of the United States, you may have no effective recourse against them for misconduct and may not be able
	to receive compensation for damages to the value of their investment caused by wrongful actions by our directors and officers.




	Some of officers and directors live outside
	the U.S. As a result, it may be difficult for investors to enforce within the U.S. any judgments obtained against those officers
	and directors, or obtain judgments against them outside of the U.S. that are predicated upon the civil liability provisions of
	the securities laws of the U.S. or any state thereof. Investors may not be able to receive compensation for damages to the value
	of their investment caused by wrongful actions by our directors and officers.


	 





	15

	 






	 




	 







	Item 2.    Properties.



	 


	In June, 2016 Vacances Sinorama leases
	office space under non-cancellable operating lease agreements. Under the terms of the lease, Vacances Sinorama paid approximately
	$61,669 in lease deposits, lease expense payments of approximately $18,120 per month. Under terms of the lease agreement, from
	June, 2017, Vacances Sinorama is committed to lease expense payments of approximately per month for120 months as following:


	 






	Period


	 


	Per month


	 




	Jun-16


	 


	May-17


	 


	rent-free


	 




	Jun-17


	 


	May-20


	 


	 


	18,120


	 




	Jun-20


	 


	May-21


	 


	 


	19,932


	 




	Jun-21


	 


	May-22


	 


	 


	21,925


	 




	Jun-22


	 


	May-23


	 


	 


	24,118


	 




	Jun-23


	 


	May-24


	 


	 


	25,324


	 




	Jun-24


	 


	May-25


	 


	 


	26,590


	 




	Jun-25


	 


	May-26


	 


	 


	27,919


	 




	Jun-26


	 


	May-27


	 


	 


	29,315


	 





	 


	 The office address is full 4

	th

	floor of the La Plaza Swatow, 998 Blvd, Saint-Laurent, Montreal, QC H2Z 9Y9.


	 


	Vacances Sinorama leases office space under
	non-cancellable operating lease agreements that expire on various dates through 2016. Under the terms of the lease, Vacances Sinorama
	paid approximately $

	22,061

	in lease deposits and is committed to
	lease and management fee payments of approximately $12,080 per month for 60 months. In March 2016, entered into renew lease agreement
	which replaced its expired operating lease agreements. Under terms of the lease, Vacances Sinorama is committed to lease and management
	fee payments of approximately $15,515 per month for 60 months. The office address is La Plaza Swatow, Office 518, P.O. Box 008,
	998 Blvd, Saint-Laurent, Montreal, QC H2Z 9Y9.


	 


	In July 2015, Vacances Sinorama entered
	into a new lease agreement for bus tour department office. Under terms of the lease, Vacances Sinorama paid approximately $15,194
	in lease deposits is committed to lease and management fee payments of approximately $5,134 per month for 60 months. The office
	address is 998 Clark Street, Montreal, QC H2Z 9Y9.


	 


	In February, 2015 Sinorama Voyages leases
	office space under non-cancellable operating lease agreements. Under the terms of the lease, Sinorama Voyages paid approximately
	$13,894 in lease deposits, lease expense payments of approximately $4,869 per month. Under terms of the lease agreement, from February,
	2016, Sinorama Voyages is committed to lease expense payments of approximately $4,857 per month for 96 months. The office address
	is 23-25 Road Berri, 75008 Paris.


	 


	The Company does not own any real
	property.



	 







	Item 3.    Legal Proceedings.



	 


	We are currently not involved in any litigation
	that we believe could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. There is no action, suit,
	proceeding, inquiry or investigation before or by any court, public board, government agency, self-regulatory organization or body
	pending or, to the knowledge of the executive officers of our company or any of our subsidiaries, threatened against or affecting
	our company, our common stock, any of our subsidiaries or of our companies or our subsidiaries’ officers or directors in
	their capacities as such, in which an adverse decision could have a material adverse effect.



	 







	Item 4.    Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders

	 


	 


	None







	 






	16

	 







	 





	 






	PART II



	 







	Item 5.    Market for Registrant’s
	Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuers Purchases of Equity Securities.




	 




	Market Information




	 



	Our shares of common stock are not currently
	listed for trading on any exchange or quotation system and there is no active trading market for our shares of common stock. While
	we are currently pursuing a quotation on the OTC Bulletin Board there can be no assurance that such a quotation will be obtained
	or that any active trading market for our shares of common stock will ever develop.


	 



	Holders of Securities



	 


	As of March 31, 2017, we had 116 recorded
	shareholders and 14,700,000 outstanding shares of common stock, par value $0.001. We have 5,900,000 shares registered pursuant
	to the S-1, which of our outstanding shares are eligible for sale pursuant to Rule 144.


	 


	In general, under Rule 144 as currently
	in effect, a person who is not one of our officers, directors, or principal shareholders, and who has owned their shares for at
	least six months, may sell their shares without limitation in the public market.


	 



	Dividends



	 


	We have not declared or paid any cash dividends
	on our common stock since our inception, and our board of directors currently intends to retain all earnings for use in the business
	for the foreseeable future. Any future payment of dividends will depend upon our results of operations, financial condition, cash
	requirements and other factors deemed relevant by our board of directors. There are currently no restrictions that limit our ability
	to declare cash dividends on its common stock and we do not believe that there are any that are likely to do so in the future.


	 



	Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities




	 



	The following sets forth information regarding
	all sales of our unregistered securities since our inception on June 30, 2016. All of these shares were exempt from registration
	under the Securities Act by reason of Section 4(2) of the Securities Act, or Regulation S promulgated thereunder, as transactions
	by an issuer not involving a public offering. The recipients of securities in each of these transactions represented their intentions
	to acquire the securities for investment only and not with a view to or for sale in connection with any distribution of the securities,
	and appropriate legends were affixed to the share certificates issued in such transactions and there were no investors who are
	citizens or residents of the United States. We relied on information from purchasers that they were accredited investors and/or
	such investors were provided adequate information and were otherwise determined to be suitable.  In all cases, there
	was no public solicitation. The issuances of the securities described below were affected without the involvement of underwriters.


	 


	On June 30, 2016, we acquired One Hundred
	Percent (100%) of the issued and outstanding capital stock of Sinorama Tours Co., Ltd, a privately held Limited Company registered
	in the Samoa (“Sinorama Tours”) for Eleven Million (11,000,000) shares of our common stock paid to the eleven shareholders
	of Sinorama Tours. Only two of the eleven shareholders of Sinorama Tours are also our officers and directors and the shares were
	issued as follows:


	 





	17

	 





	 




	 









	JING Wenjia

	*




	 


	 



	8,250,000 shares



	 




	XING Yanhua


	 


	 



	330,000 shares



	 





	ZHAO Hongxi

	**




	 


	 



	550,000 shares



	 




	YANG Ming


	 


	 



	330,000 shares



	 




	WANG Bo


	 


	 



	220,000 shares



	 




	WANG Xiwang


	 


	 



	110,000 shares



	 




	WEI He


	 


	 



	110,000 shares



	 




	ZHANG Guohua


	 


	 



	385,000 shares



	 




	ZOU Gongping


	 


	 



	275,000 shares



	 




	CHEUNG Wai Kee


	 


	 



	110,000 shares



	 




	8941408 Canada Inc.


	 


	 



	330,000 shares



	 




	Total


	 


	 



	11,000,000 shares



	 





	 



	*

	JING Wenjia is the Chief Executive
	Officer and Director of the company.



	**

	ZHAO Hongxi is the Chief Financial
	Officer and Director of the company.


	 


	As of March 31, 2017, we issued the following
	shares of unregistered securities in transactions not involving a private offering to the following 114 foreign investors pursuant
	to an exemption from registration under Section 4(2) of the Securities Act, or Regulation S promulgated thereunder.


	 






	Shareholder


	 


	Shares 

	Purchased


	 


	 


	Consideration

	 Paid


	 


	 


	Date of 

	Purchase


	 




	XING Yanhua


	 


	 


	330,000


	 


	 


	 



	Share Exchange



	 


	 


	 



	30/06/2016



	 




	YANG Ming


	 


	 


	330,000


	 


	 


	 



	Share Exchange



	 


	 


	 



	30/06/2016



	 




	WANG Bo


	 


	 


	220,000


	 


	 


	 



	Share Exchange



	 


	 


	 



	30/06/2016



	 




	WANG Xiwang


	 


	 


	110,000


	 


	 


	 



	Share Exchange



	 


	 


	 



	30/06/2016



	 




	WEI He


	 


	 


	110,000


	 


	 


	 



	Share Exchange



	 


	 


	 



	30/06/2016



	 




	ZHANG Guohua


	 


	 


	385,000


	 


	 


	 



	Share Exchange



	 


	 


	 



	30/06/2016



	 




	ZOU Gongping


	 


	 


	275,000


	 


	 


	 



	Share Exchange



	 


	 


	 



	30/06/2016



	 




	CHEUNG Wai Kee


	 


	 


	110,000


	 


	 


	 



	Share Exchange



	 


	 


	 



	30/06/2016



	 




	8941408 Canada Inc.


	 


	 


	330,000


	 


	 


	 



	Share Exchange



	 


	 


	 



	30/06/2016



	 




	Yu Miao


	 


	 


	20,000


	 


	 


	 


	20,000


	 


	 


	 



	05/10/2016



	 




	Wang Wen


	 


	 


	40,000


	 


	 


	 


	40,000


	 


	 


	 



	11/10/2016



	 




	Gao Yuan


	 


	 


	40,000


	 


	 


	 


	40,000


	 


	 


	 



	05/10/2016



	 




	Xiao Ting


	 


	 


	40,000


	 


	 


	 


	40,000


	 


	 


	 



	11/10/2016



	 




	Yang Man


	 


	 


	20,000


	 


	 


	 


	20,000


	 


	 


	 



	11/10/2016



	 




	Charest Dave


	 


	 


	40,000


	 


	 


	 


	40,000


	 


	 


	 



	11/10/2016



	 




	Zheng Donghui


	 


	 


	20,000


	 


	 


	 


	20,000


	 


	 


	 



	09/10/2016



	 




	Li Huichun


	 


	 


	20,000


	 


	 


	 


	20,000


	 


	 


	 



	09/10/2016



	 




	CHANG,CHING-YUN


	 


	 


	20,000


	 


	 


	 


	20,000


	 


	 


	 



	14/10/2016



	 




	Sun Peng


	 


	 


	20,000


	 


	 


	 


	20,000


	 


	 


	 



	11/10/2016



	 




	Zhang Jing


	 


	 


	20,000


	 


	 


	 


	20,000


	 


	 


	 



	16/10/2016



	 




	Zou Wuchang


	 


	 


	40,000


	 


	 


	 


	40,000


	 


	 


	 



	12/10/2016



	 




	Deng Min


	 


	 


	20,000


	 


	 


	 


	20,000


	 


	 


	 



	11/10/2016



	 




	Zou You


	 


	 


	40,000


	 


	 


	 


	40,000


	 


	 


	 



	12/10/2016



	 




	Guo Shu


	 


	 


	40,000


	 


	 


	 


	40,000


	 


	 


	 



	12/10/2016



	 




	Lu Chang


	 


	 


	20,000


	 


	 


	 


	20,000


	 


	 


	 



	12/10/2016



	 




	Chen Xiaoming


	 


	 


	20,000


	 


	 


	 


	20,000


	 


	 


	 



	17/10/2016



	 




	Gong Jiangang


	 


	 


	20,000


	 


	 


	 


	20,000


	 


	 


	 



	14/10/2016



	 




	Lai Xiao


	 


	 


	40,000


	 


	 


	 


	40,000


	 


	 


	 



	12/10/2016



	 




	Cheng Gang


	 


	 


	20,000


	 


	 


	 


	20,000


	 


	 


	 



	16/10/2016



	 




	Wang Mingjun


	 


	 


	20,000


	 


	 


	 


	20,000


	 


	 


	 



	14/10/2016



	 




	Jiang Huihui


	 


	 


	20,000


	 


	 


	 


	20,000


	 


	 


	 



	17/10/2016



	 




	Li Yuanying


	 


	 


	20,000


	 


	 


	 


	20,000


	 


	 


	 



	14/10/2016



	 




	Li Li


	 


	 


	20,000


	 


	 


	 


	20,000


	 


	 


	 



	12/10/2016



	 




	Li Ping


	 


	 


	40,000


	 


	 


	 


	40,000


	 


	 


	 



	14/10/2016



	 




	Li Shani


	 


	 


	40,000


	 


	 


	 


	40,000


	 


	 


	 



	12/10/2016



	 




	Liu Lin


	 


	 


	40,000


	 


	 


	 


	40,000


	 


	 


	 



	12/10/2016



	 




	Zhou Li


	 


	 


	20,000


	 


	 


	 


	20,000


	 


	 


	 



	14/10/2016



	 




	Zhu Chunying


	 


	 


	20,000


	 


	 


	 


	20,000


	 


	 


	 



	14/10/2016



	 




	Zheng Dongquan


	 


	 


	20,000


	 


	 


	 


	20,000


	 


	 


	 



	14/10/2016



	 




	Xu Min


	 


	 


	20,000


	 


	 


	 


	20,000


	 


	 


	 



	13/10/2016



	 




	Hu Bo


	 


	 


	40,000


	 


	 


	 


	40,000


	 


	 


	 



	14/10/2016



	 





	 







	18

	 





	 




	  







	Yin Ting



	 


	 



	20,000



	 


	 


	 



	20,000



	 


	 


	 



	14/10/2016



	 





	Jia Yupeng



	 


	 



	20,000



	 


	 


	 



	20,000



	 


	 


	 



	14/10/2016



	 





	Qin Jianhua



	 


	 



	20,000



	 


	 


	 



	20,000



	 


	 


	 



	14/10/2016



	 





	Fan Jiexin



	 


	 



	200,000



	 


	 


	 



	200,000



	 


	 


	 



	12/10/2016



	 





	Cai Jianping



	 


	 



	100,000



	 


	 


	 



	100,000



	 


	 


	 



	12/10/2016



	 





	Xiao Lan Hua



	 


	 



	100,000



	 


	 


	 



	100,000



	 


	 


	 



	12/10/2016



	 





	Li Jing



	 


	 



	20,000



	 


	 


	 



	20,000



	 


	 


	 



	12/10/2016



	 





	Mao Wenkai



	 


	 



	20,000



	 


	 


	 



	20,000



	 


	 


	 



	11/10/2016



	 





	Wu Baoping



	 


	 



	20,000



	 


	 


	 



	20,000



	 


	 


	 



	11/10/2016



	 





	Liu Zhi Yong



	 


	 



	20,000



	 


	 


	 



	20,000



	 


	 


	 



	13/10/2016



	 





	Lin Hailong



	 


	 



	20,000



	 


	 


	 



	20,000



	 


	 


	 



	20/10/2016



	 





	Lin Nan



	 


	 



	40,000



	 


	 


	 



	40,000



	 


	 


	 



	16/10/2016



	 





	Li Liguang



	 


	 



	100,000



	 


	 


	 



	100,000



	 


	 


	 



	16/10/2016



	 





	Lin Chen



	 


	 



	20,000



	 


	 


	 



	20,000



	 


	 


	 



	16/10/2016



	 





	Qian Fang



	 


	 



	10,000



	 


	 


	 



	10,000



	 


	 


	 



	16/10/2016



	 





	Wang Shuai



	 


	 



	40,000



	 


	 


	 



	40,000



	 


	 


	 



	16/10/2016



	 





	Hu Yajuan



	 


	 



	40,000



	 


	 


	 



	40,000



	 


	 


	 



	16/10/2016



	 





	Hu Guangxin



	 


	 



	20,000



	 


	 


	 



	20,000



	 


	 


	 



	16/10/2016



	 





	Li Jing



	 


	 



	60,000



	 


	 


	 



	60,000



	 


	 


	 



	16/10/2016



	 





	Liu Bin



	 


	 



	40,000



	 


	 


	 



	40,000



	 


	 


	 



	16/10/2016



	 





	Chen Jianzhong



	 


	 



	20,000



	 


	 


	 



	20,000



	 


	 


	 



	07/10/2016



	 





	Han Zhen



	 


	 



	40,000



	 


	 


	 



	40,000



	 


	 


	 



	16/10/2016



	 





	Wu Min



	 


	 



	20,000



	 


	 


	 



	20,000



	 


	 


	 



	16/10/2016



	 





	Wu Jiachun



	 


	 



	40,000



	 


	 


	 



	40,000



	 


	 


	 



	16/10/2016



	 





	Gao Lei



	 


	 



	60,000



	 


	 


	 



	60,000



	 


	 


	 



	16/10/2016



	 





	Shao Mingye



	 


	 



	20,000



	 


	 


	 



	20,000



	 


	 


	 



	16/10/2016



	 





	Wu Weiling



	 


	 



	20,000



	 


	 


	 



	20,000



	 


	 


	 



	12/10/2016



	 





	Gao Yu



	 


	 



	40,000



	 


	 


	 



	40,000



	 


	 


	 



	16/10/2016



	 





	Zhou Juan



	 


	 



	20,000



	 


	 


	 



	20,000



	 


	 


	 



	16/10/2016



	 





	Wu Hongxuan



	 


	 



	40,000



	 


	 


	 



	40,000



	 


	 


	 



	16/10/2016



	 





	Zhang Nai Ru



	 


	 



	100,000



	 


	 


	 



	100,000



	 


	 


	 



	12/10/2016



	 





	Cai Xiujuan



	 


	 



	100,000



	 


	 


	 



	100,000



	 


	 


	 



	12/10/2016



	 





	Zhang Jin



	 


	 



	10,000



	 


	 


	 



	10,000



	 


	 


	 



	12/10/2016



	 





	Cao Zhong



	 


	 



	10,000



	 


	 


	 



	10,000



	 


	 


	 



	12/10/2016



	 





	Laforest Daniel



	 


	 



	40,000



	 


	 


	 



	40,000



	 


	 


	 



	11/10/2016



	 





	Pan Lei



	 


	 



	20,000



	 


	 


	 



	20,000



	 


	 


	 



	31/10/2016



	 





	Liu Xiaojuan



	 


	 



	40,000



	 


	 


	 



	40,000



	 


	 


	 



	12/10/2016



	 





	Wen Gailing



	 


	 



	100,000



	 


	 


	 



	100,000



	 


	 


	 



	09/11/2016



	 





	Lei Hao



	 


	 



	150,000



	 


	 


	 



	150,000



	 


	 


	 



	12/10/2016



	 





	Su Jing



	 


	 



	100,000



	 


	 


	 



	100,000



	 


	 


	 



	14/10/2016



	 





	Cui Hang



	 


	 



	20,000



	 


	 


	 



	20,000



	 


	 


	 



	14/10/2016



	 





	Li Ang



	 


	 



	20,000



	 


	 


	 



	20,000



	 


	 


	 



	14/10/2016



	 





	Zhang Wei



	 


	 



	40,000



	 


	 


	 



	40,000



	 


	 


	 



	19/10/2016



	 





	Zhou Sufen



	 


	 



	40,000



	 


	 


	 



	40,000



	 


	 


	 



	21/10/2016



	 





	Yang Baixian



	 


	 



	40,000



	 


	 


	 



	40,000



	 


	 


	 



	21/10/2016



	 





	Li Hong



	 


	 



	40,000



	 


	 


	 



	40,000



	 


	 


	 



	28/10/2016



	 





	Zhang Ye



	 


	 



	20,000



	 


	 


	 



	20,000



	 


	 


	 



	21/10/2016



	 





	Wei Jianrong



	 


	 



	20,000



	 


	 


	 



	20,000



	 


	 


	 



	01/11/2016



	 





	Yue Yin



	 


	 



	20,000



	 


	 


	 



	20,000



	 


	 


	 



	19/10/2016



	 





	Zhang Shuxuan



	 


	 



	20,000



	 


	 


	 



	20,000



	 


	 


	 



	14/10/2016



	 





	Zhu Junqiang



	 


	 



	20,000



	 


	 


	 



	20,000



	 


	 


	 



	16/10/2016



	 





	Zhang Zhenyi



	 


	 



	40,000



	 


	 


	 



	40,000



	 


	 


	 



	15/10/2016



	 





	Yu Hai



	 


	 



	20,000



	 


	 


	 



	20,000



	 


	 


	 



	12/10/2016



	 





	Guo Hua



	 


	 



	10,000



	 


	 


	 



	10,000



	 


	 


	 



	17/10/2016



	 





	Song Xiao



	 


	 



	20,000



	 


	 


	 



	20,000



	 


	 


	 



	17/10/2016



	 





	Zhang Hui



	 


	 



	20,000



	 


	 


	 



	20,000



	 


	 


	 



	07/11/2016



	 





	Li Jing



	 


	 



	40,000



	 


	 


	 



	40,000



	 


	 


	 



	12/10/2016



	 





	Li Gang



	 


	 



	20,000



	 


	 


	 



	20,000



	 


	 


	 



	5/10/2016



	 





	Wang Lu



	 


	 



	20,000



	 


	 


	 



	20,000



	 


	 


	 



	12/10/2016



	 





	Wang Cailing



	 


	 



	10,000



	 


	 


	 



	10,000



	 


	 


	 



	14/10/2016



	 





	Xue Junlian



	 


	 



	20,000



	 


	 


	 



	20,000



	 


	 


	 



	12/10/2016



	 





	Xu Geng



	 


	 



	50,000



	 


	 


	 



	50,000



	 


	 


	 



	12/10/2016



	 





	Gao Jie



	 


	 



	40,000



	 


	 


	 



	40,000



	 


	 


	 



	18/10/2016



	 





	Huang Lan



	 


	 



	20,000



	 


	 


	 



	20,000



	 


	 


	 



	15/10/2016



	 





	Yang Yang



	 


	 



	20,000



	 


	 


	 



	20,000



	 


	 


	 



	13/10/2016



	 





	Yan Guang Ping



	 


	 



	100,000



	 


	 


	 



	100,000



	 


	 


	 



	08/11/2016



	 





	Wang Yingwei



	 


	 



	10,000



	 


	 


	 



	10,000



	 


	 


	 



	12/10/2016



	 





	Gao Long



	 


	 



	20,000



	 


	 


	 



	20,000



	 


	 


	 



	12/10/2016



	 





	Chu Chenhui



	 


	 



	20,000



	 


	 


	 



	20,000



	 


	 


	 



	12/10/2016



	 





	Li Linhong



	 


	 



	10,000



	 


	 


	 



	10,000



	 


	 


	 



	12/10/2016



	 





	Zheng An



	 


	 



	30,000



	 


	 


	 



	30,000



	 


	 


	 



	12/10/2016



	 





	Zhang Xiaoqi



	 


	 



	30,000



	 


	 


	 



	30,000



	 


	 


	 



	12/10/2016



	 





	Gao Yuan



	 


	 



	30,000



	 


	 


	 



	30,000



	 


	 


	 



	21/10/2016



	 





	Total



	 


	 




	5,900,000




	 


	 


	 




	3,700,000




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 






	 










	19

	 





	 





	  



	Except as set forth below, the selling
	stockholder has not held any position or office with us or any of our affiliates, nor has had any other material relationship (other
	than as a purchaser of securities) with us or any of our affiliates or predecessors within the past three years. Furthermore, none
	of the selling stockholders are a registered broker-dealer or an affiliate of a registered broker-dealer.


	  


	Material relationship which the selling
	security holder


	 




	 



	(1)




	Yu Miao is an employee of Vacances Sinorama Inc.





	 




	 



	(2)




	Wang Wen is an employee of Vacances Sinorama Inc.





	 




	 



	(3)




	Gao Yuan is an employee of Vacances Sinorama Inc.





	 




	 



	(4)




	Xiao Ting is an employee of Vacances Sinorama Inc.





	 




	 



	(5)




	Yang Man is an employee of Vacances Sinorama Inc.





	 




	 



	(6)




	CHANG, CHING-YUN is an employee of Sinorama Voyages





	 




	 



	(7)




	Sun Peng is an employee of Vacances Sinorama Inc.





	 




	 



	(8)




	Zheng Dongquan is an employee of Vacances Sinorama Inc.





	 




	 



	(9)




	Xu Min is an employee of Vacances Sinorama Inc.





	 




	 



	(10)




	Mao Wenkai is an employee of Vacances Sinorama Inc.





	 




	 



	(11)




	Liu Zhi Yong is an employee of Vacances Sinorama Inc.





	 




	 



	(12)




	Cui Hang is an employee of Vacances Sinorama Inc.





	 




	 



	(13)




	Li Ang is an employee of Sinorama Voyages.






	 







	Item 6.    Selected Financial Data.



	 


	Smaller reporting companies are not required to provide information
	required under this item. 


	 





	20

	 






	 




	 









	Item 7.    Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations



	 



	The following discussion and analysis
	of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto
	included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally
	accepted in the United States. The preparation of such financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect
	the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate these estimates, including
	those related to useful lives of real estate assets, bad debts, impairment, contingencies and litigation. We base our estimates
	on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results
	of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent
	from other sources. There can be no assurance that actual results will not differ from those estimates. The analysis set forth
	below is provided pursuant to applicable SEC regulations and is not intended to serve as a basis for projections of future events.
	See “Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward Looking Statements” above.



	 



	Business Description



	 


	SINORAMA CORPORATION (“Sinorama”,
	the “Company” “we” or “us”) was incorporated in the State of Florida on June 30, 2016. The
	Company principal corporate address is La Plaza Swatow, Office 518, P.O.Box 008, 998 Blvd, Saint-Laurent, Montreal, QC H2Z 9Y9.
	Our telephone number is 

	514-866-6888

	. Our website address is


	www.sinoramacorporation.com


	.


	 


	Sinorama Corporation is an integrated travel
	producer and seller which enjoys a good reputation among the tourism industry, with a team of 154 full time professionals and experienced
	employees. The Company provides Bus Tours, Asian Tours, as well as sales of the third-party products air tickets, hotels and other
	travel products. Sinorama Corporation has achieved a combination of traditional tourism industry and E-Commerce, while covering
	a wide range of business. We offer travel products and services primarily through the following distribution methods: the agency
	methods, online retail methods and offline store sales methods.


	 


	We have three sources of revenues: Bus
	Tours, Asian Tours, as well as sales of the third-party products. Bus Tour revenues are recognized when customers depart from the
	trips. Revenues from bus tour services are recognized on gross basis, which represent amounts charged to and received from customers,
	as we are the primary obligor in the arrangement and bear the risks and rewards, including the customers’ acceptance of products
	and services delivered. We assess the facts and circumstances and are the principal in bus tour arrangements. Asian tour services
	revenues and other travel-related services are recognized on the date that tours or the flights departure, provided that evidence
	of an arrangement exists, the fees are fixed and determinable, no significant obligations remain at the end of the period, and
	collection of the resulting receivable is deemed probable. The full payment needs to be paid before flights departure. The third
	party revenues are recognized at the time of the booking of the reservation. The third-party products are normally derived from
	air ticket, hotel reservation, cruise, and insurance.


	 


	We have three (3) executive officers, QIAN
	Hong, Chairman, JING Wenjia, Chief Executive Officer and ZHAO Hongxi, Chief Financial Officer.


	 


	Our subsidiaries include Sinorama Tours
	Co., Ltd., Simon Qian Voyages, Inc., Vacances Sinorama Inc., and Sinorama Voyages.


	 


	SINORAMA TOURS CO., LTD ("Sinorama
	Tours"), is a privately held Limited Liability Company registered in Samoa on June 03, 2015. SINORAMA TOURS was authorized
	to issue 1,000,000 shares of a single class each with par value of $1.00 per share to its shareholders, SINORAMA TOURS issued 10,000
	shares of a single class each with par value of $1.00 per share to its shareholders.


	 


	Simon Qian Voyages Inc. (“Simon Qian
	Voyages”) was established on October 12, 2012, under the laws of Canada. Ms. JING Wenjia owned 100% of the controlling interest
	of Simon Qian Voyages. On June 09, 2016, the sole Shareholder of Simon Qian Voyages Inc. Ms. Wenjia transferred 100% controlling
	interest to Sinorama Tours Co., Ltd


	 


	Vacances Sinorama Inc. (“Vacances
	Sinorama”), is a privately held, for-profit travel producer and seller, incorporated in Montreal, Quebec, Canada on December
	2004. Vacances Sinorama is a large integrated tour company providing Bus Tours, Asian Tours, Air Tickets, Hotel Reservations, Cruises
	and other solutions to its customers worldwide. Vacances Sinorama facilitates travel commerce with online and offline travel businesses,
	Vacances Sinorama is providing both the business to customer (“B2C”) and business to business (“B2B”) travel
	commerce marketplace. The office address is La Plaza Swatow, Office 518, P.O. Box 008, 998 Blvd, Saint-Laurent, Montreal, QC H2Z
	9Y9. Vacances Sinorama have 139 full time professional and experienced employees.


	 


	Sinorama Voyages (“Sinorama Voyages”)
	is a privately held, for-profit travel producer and seller, incorporated in Paris, France on February 2012, Mr. QIAN Hong owned
	51% of Sinorama Voyages. Sinorama Voyages is an integrated travel company providing Bus Tours, Asian Tours, Air Tickets and other
	solutions to its customers worldwide. Sinorama Voyages facilitates travel commerce with online and offline travel businesses. Sinorama
	Voyages is providing both the B2C and B2B travel commerce marketplace. The office address is 23-25 Road Berri, 75008 Paris. Sinorama
	Voyages have 15 full time professional and experienced employees

	.



	 







	21

	 





	 




	 

	 




	Reorganization



	 


	On June 30, 2016, the Company engaged in
	a corporate reorganization to roll several controlled entities (now referred to as the subsidiaries) into one legal corporation
	(the Company). The specific transactions related to this reorganization are outlined below. The control of the entities has never
	changed (always under the control of husband (Mr. QIAN Hong) and/or wife (Ms. JING Wenjia). Accordingly, the combination has been
	treated as a corporate restructuring (reorganization) of entities under common control and thus the current capital structure has
	been retroactively presented in prior periods as if such structure existed at that time and in accordance with ASC 805-50-45-5,
	the entities under common control are presented on a combined basis for all periods to which such entities were under common control.
	Since all of the subsidiaries were under common control for the entirety of the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2016, the results
	of these subsidiaries are included in the financial statements for both periods. Non-controlling interests in the subsidiaries
	are related parties and thus were not adjusted to fair value as a result of the reorganization.


	 


	The transactions leading up to and including the reorganization
	are as follows:


	 


	On December 31, 2014, Mr. QIAN Hong was
	holding 100% of the controlling interest of Vacances Sinorama. Mr. Hong transferred 66.67% of his controlling interest to Simon
	Qian Voyages. Therefore, 66.67% of Vacances Sinorama is owned by Simon Qian Voyages and 33.33% is owned by Mr. Hong.


	 


	On May 09, 2016, Mr. Hong transferred 51%
	of his controlling interest of Sinorama Voyages to Sinorama Tours Co., Ltd.


	 


	On June 09, 2016, the sole Shareholder
	of Simon Qian Voyages Inc., Ms. JING Wenjia, transferred 100% of her controlling interest to Sinorama Tours Co., Ltd.


	 


	On June 30, 2016, the Company issued a
	total of 11,000,000 shares of its common stock, par value $0.001(the Sinorama Corporation shares) to the shareholders of Sinorama
	Tours Co., Ltd (“Sinorama Tours”), a company which was incorporated in Samoa on June 03, 2015, in exchange for 100%
	of Sinorama Tours Co., Ltd shares owned by the shareholders. Upon the completion of this transaction, all the shareholders had
	exchanged 100% of their shares for the shares of Sinorama. Sinorama Tours became a 100% owned subsidiary of Sinorama.


	 


	Sinorama, Sinorama Tours, Simon Qian Voyages, Vacances Sinorama
	and Sinorama Voyages are collectively referred as the “Group”.


	 



	Seasonality




	 



	Our quarterly results are likely to fluctuate
	because of seasonality in the leisure travel industry all over the world. Our business experiences fluctuations, reflecting seasonal
	variations in demand for leisure travel services. Sales of leisure travel products and services will increase in respect of holiday
	periods and decrease in respect of off-peak times and prices of leisure travel products and services are subject to fluctuation
	between peak seasons and low seasons. For example, we have historically experienced higher revenue from Bus Tours between May to
	October of the year, and lower revenue between November to April of the following year. We also have historically experienced higher
	revenue from Asian Tours between April to June and between September to November of the year, and lower revenue for the rest of
	the year, because many of our customers tend to travel during summer holidays. Consequently, our results of operations may fluctuate
	from quarter to quarter. Our rapid growth has tended to mask the seasonality of our business.


	 







	22

	 





	 







	 




	Plan of Operation



	 


	Over
	the next twelve months, we will concentrate on the following four areas to grow our operations:


	 


	●  

	Design new products

	–
	Seek to design some more new tour products to compete with competitors.


	 


	●  

	Advertising and Marketing

	– Work with several marketing companies to develop brand identity, marketing materials, and update our web site. Utilize
	all available marketing venues and public relations opportunities to promote the Company and its tour services.


	 


	●  

	Expansion tours all
	over the world

	– (1) The Company will serve 35,000 worldwide in its Asia tours; (2) Committed to becoming the best Chinese
	tourism brand across the world; (3) in the course of U.S. – China Tourism Year, the Company expects to organize 10,000 Americans
	to visit China; (4) the Company launched its Chinese outbound tourism business in North America and Europe.


	 


	●  

	Language skills training

	-The
	Company will engage and train over 200 tour leaders in the European, American and Chinese markets, covering such languages as English,
	French, German, Spanish, Japanese and Korean.


	 



	Critical Accounting Policies and Management Estimates



	 


	Our discussion and analysis of our financial
	condition and results of operations relates to our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with
	the United States generally accepted accounting principles ("U.S. GAAP"). The consolidated financial statements include
	the accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries. All significant inter-company accounts and transactions have been eliminated
	in consolidation.


	 



	Principles of Consolidation



	 


	The consolidated financial statements include
	the accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries. All inter-company transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation.
	Non-controlling interests represent the equity interest in Sinorama that is not attributable to the Company. Non-controlling interest
	is reported in the consolidated financial position within equity, separately from the Company’s equity and that net income
	or loss and comprehensive income or loss are attributable to the Company’s and the non-controlling interest.


	 



	Use of Estimates



	 


	The preparation of audited consolidated
	financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
	amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and
	the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting periods. Management makes these estimates using the best information
	available at the time the estimates are made; however actual results could differ from those estimates. Significant items subject
	to such estimates and assumptions include valuation allowances for receivables and recoverability of carrying amount and the estimated
	useful lives of long-lived assets. These estimates are often based on complex judgments and assumptions that management believes
	to be reasonable but are inherently uncertain and unpredictable. Actual results could differ from these estimates.


	 







	23

	 





	 




	  



	Revenue Recognition



	 


	The Group’s revenues are primarily
	derived from sale of our self-developed products, including Bus Tour Products and Asian Tour Products and the group is also selling
	Third Party Products (Air tickets/hotel and etc). Revenue is recognized only when the persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists,
	the service has been performed, the price is fixed or determinable, and the collectability of the related fee is reasonably assured
	in accordance with ASC 605, Revenue Recognition, or ASC 605. Specifically, contracts are signed to establish significant terms
	such as the price and specific services to be provided. The Group assesses the creditworthiness of our customers prior to signing
	the contracts to ensure collectability is reasonably assured. Non-refundable payments received before all of the relevant criteria
	for revenue recognition are satisfied are recorded as customer advances and deposits.


	 




	Bus Tour Products Sales





	 



	Revenues from bus tours are recognized
	when customers depart from the trips. Revenues from bus tour services are recognized on gross basis, which represent amounts charged
	to and received from customers, as the Group is the primary obligor in the arrangement and bear the risks and rewards, including
	the customers’ acceptance of products and services delivered.


	 




	Asian Tour Products Sales





	 



	The Company recognize Asian tour services
	revenues and other travel-related services such as visa processing services on the date that tours or the flights departure, provided
	that evidence of an arrangement exists, the fees are fixed and determinable, no significant obligations remain at the end of the
	period, and collection of the resulting receivable is reasonably assured the full payment needs to be paid before flights departure.


	 




	Third Party Products Sales




	 


	Revenue from sales of the third party products
	reservations is recognized at the time of the booking of the reservation, the third party products sales are non-refundable. The
	third party products are normally derived from air ticket, hotel reservation, cruise, insurance and so on. The revenue from third
	party products was recognized on gross basis. The Company conducts a rigorous process in selecting travel products and services
	before selling these products to customers and independently determine the prices charged to customers for Third Party Products
	Sales. The Company is the primary obligor in the arrangement and is responsible for the ultimate customer acceptance for all products
	and services rendered. Such commitment is also made in the contracts entered into with customers. The Company is the party retained
	and paid by customers. In situations of customer disputes, where the customer files a complaint or demands a refund, the Company
	assumes risks and responsibilities for the delivery of products and is responsible for refunding the customers their payments.


	 



	Income taxes and Uncertain Tax Positions



	 


	The Company adopts FASB ASC Topic 740,
	“Income Taxes,” which requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences
	of events that have been included in the financial statements or tax returns. Under this method, deferred income taxes are recognized
	for the tax consequences in future years of differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their financial reporting
	amounts at each period end based on enacted tax laws and statutory tax rates applicable to the periods in which the differences
	are expected to affect taxable income. Valuation allowances are established, when necessary, to reduce deferred tax assets to the
	amount expected to be realized.


	 


	In July 2006, the FASB issued FIN 48(ASC
	740-10), Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes-An Interpretation of FASB Statement No. 109 (ASC 740), which requires income
	tax positions to meet a more-likely-than-not recognition threshold to be recognized in the financial statements. Under FIN 48(ASC
	740-10), tax positions that previously failed to meet the more-likely-than-not threshold should be recognized in the first subsequent
	financial reporting period in which that threshold is met. Previously recognized tax positions that no longer meet the more-likely-than-not
	threshold should be derecognized in the first subsequent financial reporting period in which that threshold is no longer met.


	 


	The application of tax laws and regulations
	is subject to legal and factual interpretation, judgment and uncertainty. Tax laws and regulations themselves are subject to change
	as a result of changes in fiscal policy, changes in legislation, the evolution of regulations and court rulings. Therefore, the
	actual liability may be materially different from our estimates, which could result in the need to record additional tax liabilities
	or potentially reverse previously recorded tax liabilities or deferred tax asset valuation allowance.


	 


	As a result of the implementation of FIN
	48 (ASC 740-10), the company made a comprehensive review of its portfolio of tax positions in accordance with recognition standards
	established by FIN 48 (ASC 740-10). The Company recognized no material adjustments to liabilities or shareholder’s equity
	as a result of the implementation. The adoption of FIN 48 did not have a material impact on the Company’s audited consolidated
	financial statements.


	 


	The Company income tax expense (recovery) was $(56,954) and
	$36,625 for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.


	 







	24

	 





	 




	  



	Accounts receivable



	 


	Accounts receivable are recognized and
	carried at original invoiced amount less an allowance for any potential uncollectible amounts. An estimate for doubtful debts is
	made when the collection of the full amount is no longer probable. Bad debts are written off as incurred.


	 


	The Company maintains allowances for doubtful
	accounts for estimated losses resulting from the failure of customers to make payments on time. The Company reviews the accounts
	receivable on a periodic basis and makes allowances when there is doubt as to the collectability of individual balances. In evaluating
	the collectability of individual receivable balances, the Company considers many factors, including the age of the balance, the
	customer’s historical payment history, its current credit-worthiness and current economic trends.


	 




	Property and equipment




	 


	Property and equipment are stated at cost.
	Computer Equipment, Furniture & Fixtures and Office Equipment are depreciated using the declining balance depreciation method
	basis reflective of the useful lives of the assets. Leasehold Improvement are stated at cost and are depreciated using the straight-line
	method over the shorter of the estimated useful lives of the asset or the term of the related lease, as follows:  


	 







	Computer Equipment




	Declining Balance Method at rate 30% per year






	Furniture & Fixtures




	Declining Balance Method at rate 20% per year






	Office Equipment




	Declining Balance Method at rate 20% per year







	Leasehold Improvement




	10 years





	 


	Repair and maintenance costs are charged
	to expenses as incurred, whereas the cost of renewals and betterment that extends the useful lives of property and equipment is
	capitalized as additions to the related assets. Retirements, sales and disposals of assets are recorded by removing the cost and
	accumulated depreciation from the assets and accumulated depreciation accounts with any resulting gain or loss reflected in the
	consolidated statements of comprehensive loss.


	 



	Functional Currency and Foreign Currency
	Translations




	 



	As of December 31, 2016, all foreign subsidiaries
	use the local currency of their respective countries as their functional currency, which is the U.S. Dollars for Sinorama and Sinorama
	Tours, and the Canadian dollar (“Canada dollar”) for Simon Qian Voyages and Vacances Sinorama and the Euro (“

	€”

	)
	for Sinorama Voyages.


	 


	The Company’s reporting currency
	is U.S. dollars. Assets and liabilities of Simon Qian Voyages, Vacances Sinorama and Sinorama Voyages are translated into U.S.
	dollars at the exchange rates set forth in the Bank of Canada at the balance sheet dates, revenues and expenses are translated
	into U.S. dollars at average exchange rates set forth in the Bank of Canada for the reporting periods. Gains and losses resulting
	from translation are recorded as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss).


	 


	Realized gains and losses from foreign
	currency transactions are recognized as gain or loss on foreign currency in the consolidated statements of operations.


	 







	25

	 





	 






	 






	Results of Operations for the Years Ended December 31,
	2016 and 2015




	 


	The following table shows key components of the results of operations
	during the year ended December 31, 2016 and 2015:


	 








	 


	 


	For the Year Ended


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	December 31,


	 


	 


	Change


	 




	 


	 


	2016


	 


	 


	2015


	 


	 


	$


	 


	 


	%


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Revenue:


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Asian Tours


	 


	$


	60,562,585


	 


	 


	$


	25,965,460


	 


	 


	$


	34,597,125


	 


	 


	 


	133


	%




	Bus Tours


	 


	 


	9,611,893


	 


	 


	 


	8,065,250


	 


	 


	 


	1,546,643


	 


	 


	 


	19


	%




	Third party product sales


	 


	 


	7,481,569


	 


	 


	 


	7,026,217


	 


	 


	 


	455,352


	 


	 


	 


	6


	%




	Total revenue


	 


	 


	77,656,047


	 


	 


	 


	41,056,927


	 


	 


	 


	36,599,120


	 


	 


	 


	89


	%




	Cost of Sales


	 


	 


	70,864,211


	 


	 


	 


	35,749,576


	 


	 


	 


	35,114,635


	 


	 


	 


	98


	%




	Gross Profit


	 


	 


	6,791,836


	 


	 


	 


	5,307,351


	 


	 


	 


	1,484,485


	 


	 


	 


	28


	%




	Operating costs and expenses:


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Salaries and employee benefits


	 


	 


	3,638,470


	 


	 


	 


	2,559,362


	 


	 


	 


	1,079,108


	 


	 


	 


	42


	%




	Advertising and promotion


	 


	 


	4,767,320


	 


	 


	 


	1,449,214


	 


	 


	 


	3,318,106


	 


	 


	 


	229


	%




	Rent and occupancy charges


	 


	 


	291,409


	 


	 


	 


	236,848


	 


	 


	 


	54,561


	 


	 


	 


	23


	%




	Office and general


	 


	 


	496,179


	 


	 


	 


	210,058


	 


	 


	 


	286,121


	 


	 


	 


	136


	%




	Bank charge and interest


	 


	 


	1,406,860


	 


	 


	 


	990,026


	 


	 


	 


	416,834


	 


	 


	 


	42


	%




	Business taxes and licenses


	 


	 


	27,210


	 


	 


	 


	42,974


	 


	 


	 


	(15,764


	)


	 


	 


	(37


	)%




	Professional fees


	 


	 


	435,927


	 


	 


	 


	169,533


	 


	 


	 


	266,394


	 


	 


	 


	157


	%




	Depreciation of property and equipment


	 


	 


	37,820


	 


	 


	 


	37,171


	 


	 


	 


	649


	 


	 


	 


	2


	%




	Insurance


	 


	 


	32,920


	 


	 


	 


	7,221


	 


	 


	 


	25,699


	 


	 


	 


	356


	%




	Other expense


	 


	 


	5,497


	 


	 


	 


	6,663


	 


	 


	 


	(1,166


	)


	 


	 


	(17


	)%




	Total operating costs and expenses


	 


	 


	11,139,612


	 


	 


	 


	5,709,070


	 


	 


	 


	5,430,542


	 


	 


	 


	95


	%




	Losses from operations before other income and income taxes


	 


	 


	(4,347,776


	)


	 


	 


	(401,719


	)


	 


	 


	(3,946,057


	)


	 


	 


	982


	%




	Other income


	 


	 


	(211,349


	)


	 


	 


	66,109


	 


	 


	 


	(277,458


	)


	 


	 


	(420


	)%




	Losses from operations before income taxes


	 


	 


	(4,559,125


	)


	 


	 


	(335,610


	)


	 


	 


	(4,223,515


	)


	 


	 


	1,258


	%




	Income tax


	 


	 


	(56,954


	)


	 


	 


	36,625


	 


	 


	 


	(93,579


	)


	 


	 


	(256


	)%




	Net loss


	 


	 


	(4,502,171


	)


	 


	 


	(372,235


	)


	 


	 


	(4,129,936


	)


	 


	 


	1,109


	%




	Comprehensive loss


	 


	$


	(4,256,976


	)


	 


	$


	(267,803


	)


	 


	$


	(3,989,173


	)


	 


	 


	1,490


	%







	  


	Operating Revenue for the year ended December
	31, 2016, which resulted primarily from Asia Tours revenue, Bus Tours and Third party product sales revenue were $77,656,047, an
	increase of 89% as compared with the operating revenue of $41,056,927 for the year ended December 31, 2015. The increase was primarily
	in the Asian Tours sector, as a result of the increase in the number of customers to 28.27thousand customers, an increase of 16.29
	thousand as compared with the number of 11.98 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2015, which resulted from advertising and
	promotion increases of $

	3

	,318,106 or 229 % for the year ended December
	31, 2016 as compared to $1,449,214 for the same period of 2015.


	 


	Cost of sales and Operating expense was
	$82,003,823 for the year ended December 31, 2016, an increase of $40,545,177 or 98 % as compared to $41,458,646 for the same period
	of 2015. This increase was primarily due to significant increase in salaries and benefits of $1,079,108, which was the result of
	an employee increase of 28 , and an increase in cost of sales of approximately $35,114,635, which was primarily in the Asian Tours
	sector, as a result of the increase in the number of customers to 28.27 thousand customers, an increase of 16.29 thousand as compared
	with the number of 11.98 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2015, and an increase in advertising and promotion of $3,318,106,
	which was the result of more advertisements, and an increase in bank charge and interest of $416,834, which was the result of more
	Chase servers fee.


	 


	Loss from Operations was $4,347,776 for
	the year ended December 31, 2016 as compared with operating loss of $401,719 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015.


	 


	The Company’s net loss for the year
	ended December 31, 2016 was $4,502,171representing an increase of $4,129,936, over $372,235 for the year ended December 31, 2015.
	The increase in net loss for the year ended December 31, 2016 was the main effect of the changes in the following components:  


	 




	 




	●





	An increase in Asian tours revenue of $34,597,125;





	 




	 




	●





	An increase in cost of sales of $35,114.635;





	 




	 




	●





	An increase in expenses of salaries and employee benefits of $1,079,108;





	 




	 




	●





	An increase in expenses of advertising and promotion of $3,318,106; and





	 




	 




	●





	An increase in expenses of bank charge and interest of $416,834;






	 










	26

	 





	 





	  






	Liquidity and Capital Resources



	 


	The accompanying financial statements have
	been prepared that the Company will continue as a going concern which contemplates, among other things, the realization of assets
	and satisfaction of liabilities in the ordinary course of business.


	 


	As of December 31, 2016, the Company had
	approximately $8,552,997 of cash and cash equivalents (include restricted cash $2,371,212).


	 


	We are presently able to meet our obligations
	as they come due. At December 31, 2016, we had non-controlling interest of $(3,015,987) and shareholders’ equity of the Company
	$135,060.


	 


	We anticipate that our future liquidity
	requirements will arise from the need to fund our growth, pay current obligations and future capital expenditures. The primary
	sources of funding for such requirements are expected to be cash generated from operations and raising additional funds from the
	public offering and/or debt financing. However, we can provide no assurances that we will be able to generate sufficient cash flow
	from operations and/or obtain additional financing on terms satisfactory to us, if at all, to remain a going concern.



	 






	Cash Flows and Capital Resources




	 



	The following table sets forth a summary of our cash flows for
	the periods indicated:


	 




	 


	 




	For the Year Ended




	December 31,




	 




	 


	 


	2016


	 


	 


	2015


	 




	Net cash used (provided by) in operating activities


	 


	 


	(1,575,811


	)


	 


	 


	2,685,370


	 




	Net cash used (provided by) in investing activities


	 


	 


	596,140


	 


	 


	 


	(708,731


	)




	Net cash used (provided by) in financing activities


	 


	 


	3,700,000


	 


	 


	 


	(21,698


	)




	Effect of exchange rate fluctuation on cash and cash equivalents


	 


	 


	6,538


	 


	 


	 


	(841,546


	)




	Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents


	 


	 


	2,726,867


	 


	 


	 


	1,113,395


	 




	Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year


	 


	 


	5,826,130


	 


	 


	 


	4,712,735


	 




	Cash and cash equivalents, ending of year


	 


	$


	8,552,997


	 


	 


	$


	5,826,130


	 





	 



	Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities



	 


	For the year ended December 31, 2016, we
	had negative cash flow from operating activities of $1,575,811, a decrease of $4,261,181 from the same period of 2015, during which
	we had cash flow from operating activities of $2,685,370. The net loss for the year ended December 31, 2016 increased by $4,129,936
	as compared to year ended December 31, 2015. The decrease in net cash provided by operating activities was the result of several
	factors, mainly including: 


	 




	 



	·




	An increase in amount due from related parties of $2,937,544 resulted from increased product sales to related parties such as tour packages, air tickets, hotel reservations, cruises, and travel insurance by the end of year 2016 as compared to 2015.





	 



	Investing Activities



	 


	Net cash provided by investing activities
	for the year ended December 31, 2016 was $596,140, compared to net cash used in investing activities of $708,731 for the year ended
	December 31, 2015. The cash provided by investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2016 was mainly decreased in investments
	in financial products by banks.



	 




	Financing Activities



	 


	Net cash provided by financing activities
	for the year ended December 31, 2016 was $3,700,000, as compared to net cash used in financing activities of $21,698 for the year
	ended December 31, 2015. The cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2016 was mainly because the
	company issued 3,700,000 shares to shareholders by $1 per share.



	 




	Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements



	 


	We do not have any off-balance sheet items reasonably likely
	to have a material effect on our financial condition. 


	 



	Recent Accounting
	Pronouncements



	 


	Recent accounting pronouncements issued
	by the FASB, the AICPA and the SEC did not, or are not believed by management to, have a material effect on the Company’s
	present or future consolidated financial statements.




	 







	Item 7A.    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk.



	 


	Not applicable.



	 







	Item 8.    Financial
	Statements and Supplementary Data.




	 










	27

	 





	 




	 



	INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



	  




	 




	Page






	 


	 






	SINORAMA CORPORATION




	 




	 


	 






	Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm





	F -2





	 


	 






	Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2016, and 2015





	F -3





	 


	 






	Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015





	F -4





	 


	 






	Consolidated Statement of Changes in Shareholders’ Deficit for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015





	F -5





	 


	 






	Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015





	F- 6





	 


	 






	Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements





	F -7





	 




	 F-

	1






	 




	 







	REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
	ACCOUNTING FIRM



	 


	To: The Board of Directors and Stockholders of


	SINORAMA CORPORATION


	 


	We have audited the accompanying consolidated
	balance sheets of SINORAMA CORPORATION and subsidiaries ("the Company") as of December 31, 2016, and 2015 and the related
	consolidated statements of income and comprehensive loss, stockholders' equity and cash flows for the years then ended. These consolidated
	financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these
	consolidated financial statements based on our audit.


	 


	We conducted our audits in accordance with
	standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States).  Those standards require that we plan and perform
	the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes
	examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes
	assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial
	statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.


	 


	In our opinion, the consolidated financial
	statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company as of
	December 31, 2016, and 2015 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then ended in conformity with accounting
	principles generally accepted in the United States of America.


	 


	/s/ ANTON & CHIA, LLP


	Certified Public Accountants


	 


	Newport Beach, CA


	March 31, 2017


	 




	 F-

	2







	 




	 







	SINORAMA CORPORATION




	CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS




	AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2016 AND 2015




	(EXPRESSED IN US DOLLARS)




	 





	 


	 


	December 31,


	 


	 


	December 31,


	 




	 


	 


	2016


	 


	 


	2015


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Assets


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Current Assets:


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Cash and cash equivalents


	 


	$


	6,181,785


	 


	 


	$


	3,265,776


	 




	Restricted cash


	 


	 


	2,371,212


	 


	 


	 


	2,560,354


	 




	Short term investment


	 


	 


	210,148


	 


	 


	 


	901,663


	 




	Accounts receivable


	 


	 


	233,361


	 


	 


	 


	57,624


	 




	Amount due from related parties


	 


	 


	3,563,858


	 


	 


	 


	655,853


	 




	Prepayments & deferred expenses


	 


	 


	9,234,410


	 


	 


	 


	9,318,623


	 




	Other receivable


	 


	 


	728,887


	 


	 


	 


	162,050


	 




	Total current assets


	 


	 


	22,523,661


	 


	 


	 


	16,921,943


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Long term deposits


	 


	 


	2,065,019


	 


	 


	 


	2,079,926


	 




	Property and Equipment, net


	 


	 


	235,173


	 


	 


	 


	149,675


	 




	Total assets


	 


	$


	24,823,853


	 


	 


	$


	19,151,544


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Liabilities and shareholders’ equity


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Current Liabilities:


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Accounts payable and accrued liabilities


	 


	$


	3,373,444


	 


	 


	$


	1,225,328


	 




	Customer deposits


	 


	 


	22,772,259


	 


	 


	 


	13,353,708


	 




	Payroll payable


	 


	 


	123,644


	 


	 


	 


	120,500


	 




	Amount due to related party


	 


	 


	1,435,433


	 


	 


	 


	6,761,508


	 




	Taxes payable


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	1


	 




	Other payable


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	14,450


	 




	Total current liabilities


	 


	 


	27,704,780


	 


	 


	 


	21,475,495


	 




	Total liabilities


	 


	$


	27,704,780


	 


	 


	$


	21,475,495


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Shareholders’ deficit


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Common stock; $0.001 par value, 100,000,000 shares authorized; 14,700,000 and 11,000,000 and issued and outstanding at December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively


	 


	 


	14,700


	 


	 


	 


	11,000


	 




	Additional paid-in capital


	 


	 


	4,483,102


	 


	 


	 


	786,802


	 




	Accumulated Deficits


	 


	 


	(4,750,659


	)


	 


	 


	(2,015,994


	)




	Accumulated other comprehensive income


	 


	 


	387,917


	 


	 


	 


	254,209


	 




	Total shareholders’ deficit of the Company


	 


	 


	135,060


	 


	 


	 


	(963,983


	)




	Non-controlling interest


	 


	 


	(3,015,987


	)


	 


	 


	(1,359,968


	)




	Total shareholders’ deficit


	 


	 


	(2,880,927


	)


	 


	 


	(2,323,951


	)




	Total liabilities and shareholders’ deficit


	 


	$


	24,823,853


	 


	 


	$


	19,151,544


	 






	 




	The accompanying notes are an integral
	part of these consolidated financial statements.



	 




	 F-

	3






	 




	 







	SINORAMA CORPORATION




	CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
	AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS




	FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2016
	AND 2015




	(EXPRESSED IN US DOLLARS)



	 




	 


	 


	For The Year Ended 

	December 31,


	 




	 


	 


	2016


	 


	 


	2015


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 Revenue:


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Asian Tours


	 


	$


	60,562,585


	 


	 


	$


	25,965,460


	 




	Bus Tours


	 


	 


	9,611,893


	 


	 


	 


	8,065,250


	 




	Third party product sales


	 


	 


	7,481,569


	 


	 


	 


	7,026,217


	 




	Total revenue


	 


	 


	77,656,047


	 


	 


	 


	41,056,927


	 




	Cost of Sales


	 


	 


	70,864,211


	 


	 


	 


	35,749,576


	 




	Gross Profit


	 


	 


	6,791,836


	 


	 


	 


	5,307,351


	 




	Operating costs and expenses:


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Salaries and employee benefits


	 


	 


	3,638,470


	 


	 


	 


	2,559,362


	 




	Advertising and promotion


	 


	 


	4,767,320


	 


	 


	 


	1,449,214


	 




	Rent and occupancy charges


	 


	 


	291,409


	 


	 


	 


	236,848


	 




	Office and general


	 


	 


	496,179


	 


	 


	 


	210,058


	 




	Bank charge and interest


	 


	 


	1,406,860


	 


	 


	 


	990,026


	 




	Business taxes and licenses


	 


	 


	27,210


	 


	 


	 


	42,974


	 




	Professional fees


	 


	 


	435,927


	 


	 


	 


	169,533


	 




	Depreciation of property and equipment


	 


	 


	37,820


	 


	 


	 


	37,171


	 




	Insurance


	 


	 


	32,920


	 


	 


	 


	7,221


	 




	Other expense


	 


	 


	5,497


	 


	 


	 


	6,663


	 




	Total operating costs and expenses


	 


	 


	11,139,612


	 


	 


	 


	5,709,070


	 




	Losses from operations before other income and income taxes


	 


	 


	(4,347,776


	)


	 


	 


	(401,719


	)




	Other income(expense)


	 


	 


	(211,349


	)


	 


	 


	66,109


	 




	Losses from operations before income taxes


	 


	 


	(4,559,125


	)


	 


	 


	(355,610


	)




	Income tax


	 


	 


	(56,954


	)


	 


	 


	36,625


	 




	Net loss


	 


	 


	(4,502,171


	)


	 


	 


	(372,235


	)




	Less: net loss attributable to non-controlling interests


	 


	 


	(1,767,506


	)


	 


	 


	(406,138


	)




	Net loss attributable to the Company


	 


	$


	(2,734,665


	)


	 


	$


	33,903


	 




	Other comprehensive loss:


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Foreign currency translation adjustment


	 


	 


	(245,195


	)


	 


	 


	(104,432


	)




	Foreign currency translation adjustment attributable to non-controlling interests


	 


	 


	(111,487


	)


	 


	 


	(41,895


	)




	Foreign currency translation adjustment attributable to the Company


	 


	 


	(133,708


	)


	 


	 


	(62,537


	)




	Comprehensive loss


	 


	$


	(4,256,976


	)


	 


	$


	(267,803


	)




	Less: Comprehensive loss attributable to non-controlling interests


	 


	 


	(1,656,019


	)


	 


	 


	(364,243


	)




	Comprehensive income(loss) attributable to the Company


	 


	$


	(2,600,957


	)


	 


	$


	96,440


	 




	Basic and diluted earnings per share


	 


	$


	(0.23


	)


	 


	$


	(0.00


	)




	Weighted average number of shares outstanding


	 


	 


	11,786,889


	 


	 


	 


	9,838,889


	 





	 



	The accompanying notes are an integral
	part of these consolidated financial statements.



	 




	 F-

	4






	 




	 







	SINORAMA CORPORATION




	CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN
	SHAREHOLDERS’ DEFICIT




	FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2016
	AND 2015




	(EXPRESSED IN US DOLLARS)




	 





	 


	 


	Common Stock


	 


	 


	Additional

	paid-in


	 


	 


	Accumulated


	 


	 


	Accumulated

	Other

	comprehensive


	 


	 


	Non-

	Controlling


	 


	 


	Total

	Shareholders’


	 




	 


	 


	Shares


	 


	 


	Amount


	 


	 


	capital


	 


	 


	Deficits


	 


	 


	income


	 


	 


	Interest


	 


	 


	deficit


	 




	Balance at January 31, 2014


	 


	 


	8,250,000


	 


	 


	$


	8,250


	 


	 


	$


	789,552


	 


	 


	$


	(2,049,897


	)


	 


	$


	191,672


	 


	 


	$


	(995,725


	)


	 


	$


	(2,056,148


	)




	Net loss


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	33,903


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	(406,138


	)


	 


	 


	(372,235


	)




	June 3, 2015 Shares issued


	 


	 


	2,750,000


	 


	 


	 


	2,750


	 


	 


	 


	(2,750


	)


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Foreign currency translation adjustment


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	62,537


	 


	 


	 


	41,895


	 


	 


	 


	104,432


	 




	Balance at December 31, 2015


	 


	 


	11,000,000


	 


	 


	$


	11,000


	 


	 


	$


	786,802


	 


	 


	$


	(2,015,994


	)


	 


	$


	254,209


	 


	 


	$


	(1,359,968


	)


	 


	$


	(2,323,951


	)




	Net loss


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	(2,734,665


	)


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	(1,767,506


	)


	 


	 


	(4,502,171


	)




	Shares issued


	 


	 


	3,700,000


	 


	 


	 


	3,700


	 


	 


	 


	3,696,300


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	3,700,000


	 




	Foreign currency translation adjustment


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	133,708


	 


	 


	 


	111,487


	 


	 


	 


	245,195


	 




	Balance at December 31, 2016


	 


	 


	14,700,000


	 


	 


	$


	14,700


	 


	 


	$


	4,483,102


	 


	 


	$


	(4,750,659


	)


	 


	$


	387,917


	 


	 


	$


	(3,015,987


	)


	 


	$


	(2,880,927


	)






	 




	The accompanying notes are an integral
	part of these consolidated financial statements.



	 




	 F-

	5






	 




	 







	SINORAMA CORPORATION




	CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS




	FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2016
	AND 2015




	(EXPRESSED IN US DOLLARS)



	 




	 


	 




	For The Year Ended




	December 31,




	 




	 


	 


	2016


	 


	 


	2015


	 




	Cash Flows from Operating Activities


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Net loss


	 


	$


	(4,502,171


	)


	 


	$


	(372,235


	)




	Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by operating activities:


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Depreciation


	 


	 


	37,820


	 


	 


	 


	37,171


	 




	Changes in operating assets and liabilities:


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Accounts receivable


	 


	 


	(176,341


	)


	 


	 


	(62,377


	)




	Prepayments & deferred expenses


	 


	 


	363,971


	 


	 


	 


	(6,272,316


	)




	Other receivable


	 


	 


	(578,935


	)


	 


	 


	(275,512


	)




	Due from related parties


	 


	 


	(2,937,544


	)


	 


	 


	(247,813


	)




	Term deposits


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	(1,125,265


	)




	Accounts payable and accrued liabilities


	 


	 


	2,374,014


	 


	 


	 


	3,155,051


	 




	Customer deposits


	 


	 


	9,351,963


	 


	 


	 


	3,662,193


	 




	Payroll Payable


	 


	 


	4,471


	 


	 


	 


	59,333


	 




	Income taxes payable


	 


	 


	(2


	)


	 


	 


	(194,672


	)




	Other payable


	 


	 


	(15,100


	)


	 


	 


	(782


	)




	Due to related parties


	 


	 


	(5,497,957


	)


	 


	 


	4,322,594


	 




	Net cash used in (provided by) operating activities


	 


	 


	(1,575,811


	)


	 


	 


	2,685,370


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Cash Flows from Investing Activities


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Short term investment


	 


	 


	716,182


	 


	 


	 


	(683,929


	)




	Purchases of property and equipment


	 


	 


	(120,042


	)


	 


	 


	(24,802


	)




	Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities


	 


	 


	596,140


	 


	 


	 


	(708,731


	)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Cash Flows from Financing Activities


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Issue common stock


	 


	 


	3,700,000


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Credit card payable


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	(21,698


	)




	Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities


	 


	 


	3,700,000


	 


	 


	 


	(21,698


	)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Effect of exchange rate fluctuation on cash and cash equivalents


	 


	 


	6,358


	 


	 


	 


	(841,546


	)




	Net increase in cash and cash equivalents


	 


	 


	2,726,867


	 


	 


	 


	1,113,395


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year


	 


	 


	5,826,130


	 


	 


	 


	4,712,735


	 




	Cash and cash equivalents, ending of year


	 


	$


	8,552,997


	 


	 


	$


	5,826,130


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Cash paid for income taxes


	 


	$


	-


	 


	 


	$


	(36,625


	)




	Cash paid for interest


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 






	 




	The accompanying notes are an integral
	part of these consolidated financial statements.



	 




	 F-

	6






	 




	 







	SINORAMA CORPORATION






	NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




	FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2016
	AND 2015




	(EXPRESSED IN US DOLLARS)




	 




	NOTE 1. NATURE OF OPERATIONS AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION



	 


	SINORAMA CORPORATION (the “Company”
	or “Sinorama”) was incorporated on June 30, 2016 under the laws of the United States and the State of Florida. The
	general nature of the business shall be to engage in any and all lawful business permitted under the laws of the United States
	and the State of Florida.


	 


	The Company’s subsidiaries include
	Sinorama Tours Co., Ltd., Simon Qian Voyages, Inc., Vacances Sinorama Inc., and Sinorama Voyages.


	 


	SINORAMA TOURS CO., LTD ("Sinorama
	Tours"), which is a privately held Limited Liability Company registered in Samoa on June 03, 2015. SINORAMA TOURS was authorized
	to issue 1,000,000 shares of a single class each with par value of $1.00 per share to its shareholders, SINORAMA TOURS issued 10,000
	shares of a single class each with par value of $1.00 per share to its shareholders.


	 


	Simon Qian Voyages Inc. (“Simon Qian
	Voyages”) was established on October 12, 2012 under the laws of Canada. Ms. JING Wenjia was 100% holding controlling interest
	of Simon Qian Voyages.


	 


	Vacances Sinorama Inc. (“Vacances
	Sinorama”), which was a privately held, for-profit travel producer and seller, incorporated in Montreal, Quebec, Canada on
	December 2004. Vacances Sinorama is a large integrated tour company providing Bus Tour, Asian Tour, Air Tickets, Hotel Reservation,
	Cruise and other solutions to its customers worldwide. Vacances Sinorama facilitate travel commerce with online and offline travel
	business, Vacances Sinorama is providing both business to customer (B2C) and business to business (“B2B”) travel commerce
	marketplace.


	 


	Sinorama Voyages (“Sinorama Voyages”)
	was a privately held, for-profit travel producer and seller, incorporated in Paris, France on February 2012, Mr. QIAN Hong owned
	51% of Sinorama Voyages. Sinorama Voyages is an integrated travel company providing Bus Tour, Asian Tour, Air Tickets and other
	solutions to its customers worldwide. Sinorama Voyages facilitate travel commerce with online and offline travel business, Sinorama
	Voyages providing both business to customer (B2C) and business to business (“B2B”) travel commerce marketplace.


	 



	Reorganization




	 



	On June 30, 2016, the Company engaged in
	a corporate reorganization to roll several controlled entities (now referred to as the subsidiaries) into one legal corporation
	(the Company). The specific transactions related to this reorganization are outlined below. During the years presented in these
	financial statements, the control of the entities has never changed (always under the control of husband (Mr. QIAN Hong) and/or
	wife (Ms. JING Wenjia). Accordingly, the combination has been treated as a corporate restructuring (reorganization) of entities
	under common control and thus the current capital structure has been retroactively presented in prior periods as if such structure
	existed at that time and in accordance with ASC 805-50-45-5, the entities under common control are presented on a combined basis
	for all periods to which such entities were under common control. Since all of the subsidiaries were under common control for the
	entirety of the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2015, the results of these subsidiaries are included in the financial statements
	for both periods. Non-controlling interests in the subsidiaries are related parties and thus were not adjusted to fair value as
	a result of the reorganization.


	 






	 F-

	7






	 




	  



	SINORAMA CORPORATION




	NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




	(EXPRESSED IN US DOLLARS)



	 


	The transactions leading up to and including the reorganization
	are as follows:


	 


	On December 31, 2014, Mr. QIAN Hong was
	holding 100% of controlling interest of Vacances Sinorama. Mr. QIAN Hong transferred 66.67% of controlling interest to Simon Qian
	Voyages. Therefore, 66.67% of Vacances Sinorama is owned by Simon Qian Voyages owns and 33.33% is owned by Mr. QIAN Hong.


	 


	On May 09, 2016 QIAN Hong transferred 51% controlling interest
	of Sinorama Voyages to Sinorama Tours Co., Ltd.


	 


	On June 09, 2016, the sole Shareholder
	of Simon Qian Voyages Inc. Ms. JING Wenjia has transferred 100% controlling interest to Sinorama Tours Co., Ltd.


	 


	On June 16, 2016, Mr. QIAN Hong transferred
	all 2,400 Sinorama Tours Co., Ltd shares to Ms. JING Wenjia, subsequently making Ms. JING Wenjia holdings 7,500 Sinorama Tours
	Co., Ltd shares.


	 


	On June 30, 2016, the Company issued a
	total of 11,000,000 shares of its common stock, par value $0.001(the Sinorama Corporation shares) to the shareholders of Sinorama
	Tours Co., Ltd (“Sinorama Tours”), a company which was incorporated in Samoa on June 03, 2015, in exchange for 100%
	of Sinorama Tours Co., Ltd shares owned by the shareholders. Upon this completion of this transaction, all the shareholders had
	exchanged 100% of their shares for the shares of Sinorama, Sinorama Tours become a 100% owned subsidiary of Sinorama.


	 


	Sinorama, Sinorama Tours, Simon Qian Voyages, Vacances Sinorama
	and Sinorama Voyages are collectively referred as the “Group”.


	 




	Basis of presentation




	 


	The Company’s consolidated financial
	statements are expressed in U.S. Dollars and are presented in accordance with the United States generally accepted accounting principles
	("U.S. GAAP") and the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”).




	 






	Principles of consolidation




	 


	The consolidated financial statements include
	the accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries. All inter-company transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation.
	Non-controlling interests represent the equity interest in Vacances Sinorama and Sinorama Voyages that are not attributable to
	the Company. Non-controlling interest is reported in the consolidated financial position within equity, separately from the Company’s
	equity and that net income or loss and comprehensive income or loss are attributable to the Company’s and the non-controlling
	interest.


	 




	 F-

	8






	 




	 



	SINORAMA CORPORATION




	NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




	(EXPRESSED IN US DOLLARS)




	 




	NOTE 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES




	 





	Use of estimates




	 


	The preparation of audited consolidated
	financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
	amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements,
	and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting periods. Management makes these estimates using the best
	information available at the time the estimates are made; however actual results could differ from those estimates. Significant
	items subject to such estimates and assumptions include valuation allowances for receivables and recoverability of carrying amount
	and the estimated useful lives of long-lived assets. These estimates are often based on complex judgments and assumptions that
	management believes to be reasonable but are inherently uncertain and unpredictable. Actual results could differ from these
	estimates.




	 






	Reclassification




	 


	The comparative figures have been reclassified to conform to
	current year presentation.




	 






	Revenue recognition




	 


	The Group’s revenues are primarily
	derived from sale of our self-developed products, including Bus Tour Products and Asian Tour Products and the group is also selling
	Third Party Products (Air tickets/hotel and etc.). Revenue is recognized only when the persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists,
	the service has been performed, the price is fixed or determinable, and the collectability of the related fee is reasonably assured
	in accordance with ASC 605, Revenue Recognition, or ASC 605. Specifically, contracts are signed to establish significant terms
	such as the price and specific services to be provided. The Group assesses the creditworthiness of our customers prior to signing
	the contracts to ensure collectability is reasonably assured. Non-refundable payments received before all of the relevant criteria
	for revenue recognition are satisfied are recorded as customer advances and deposits.


	 




	Bus Tour Products Sales





	 



	Revenues from bus tours are recognized
	when customers depart from the trips. Revenues from bus tour services are recognized on gross basis, which represent amounts charged
	to and received from customers, as the Group is the primary obligor in the arrangement and bear the risks and rewards, including
	the customers’ acceptance of products and services delivered.


	 




	Asian Tour Products Sales





	 



	The Company recognize Asian tour services
	revenues and other travel-related services such as visa processing services on the date that tours or the flights departure, provided
	that evidence of an arrangement exists, the fees are fixed and determinable, no significant obligations remain at the end of the
	period, and collection of the resulting receivable is reasonably assured the full payment needs to be paid before flights departure.


	 


	 


	Third Party Products Sales




	 


	Revenue from sales of the third party products
	reservations is recognized at the time of the booking of the reservation, the third party products sales are non-refundable. The
	third party products are normally derived from air ticket, hotel reservation, cruise, insurance and so on. The revenue from third
	party products was recognized on gross basis. The Company conducts a rigorous process in selecting travel products and services
	before selling these products to customers and independently determine the prices charged to customers for Third Party Products
	Sales. The Company is the primary obligor in the arrangement and is responsible for the ultimate customer acceptance for all products
	and services rendered. Such commitment is also made in the contracts entered into with customers. The Company is the party retained
	and paid by customers. In situations of customer disputes, where the customer files a complaint or demands a refund, the Company
	assumes risks and responsibilities for the delivery of products and is responsible for refunding the customers their payments.




	 




	 F-

	9






	 




	 



	SINORAMA CORPORATION




	NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




	(EXPRESSED IN US DOLLARS)



	 



	NOTE 2. SUMMARIES OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUING)





	 






	Cash and cash equivalents




	 


	Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash
	on hand and bank deposits and other liquid investments, which are unrestricted as to withdrawal and use. All highly liquid investments
	with original stated maturity of three months or less are classified as cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents approximates
	or equals fair value due to their short term nature. The Group’s cash and cash equivalents consist of cash on hand and cash
	in bank, including bank term deposits. As of December 31, 2016 and 2015, the cash on hand and cash in bank were $5,126,409 and
	$1,844,904, respectively. As of December 31, 2016 and 2015, the term deposits for IATA were $Nil and $8,672, respectively, the
	interest rate was between 0.30%, maturity was three months or less. As of December 31, 2016 and 2015, the short term deposits were
	$1,055,376 and $1,412,200, respectively, the interest rate was 0.2% to 0.50%, maturity was three months or less. Therefore, the
	total cash and cash equivalents, as of December 31, 2016 and 2015, were $6,181,785 and $3,265,776, respectively.


	 




	Restricted cash






	 




	In accordance with the Quebec Consumer
	Protection Act and the Travel Agents Act, the Company is required to deposit into trust certain customer deposits until suppliers
	are paid for their services. The company can access the trust account only to administer it as trustee, cannot use funds from this
	account for personal or corporate purposes until the supplier is paid. As of December 31, 2016 and 2015, the restricted cash in
	the trust account was $2,371,212 and $2,560,354, respectively.


	 




	Short term investments






	 




	Short-term investments are comprised of
	investments in financial products issued by banks or other financial institutions, which contain a fixed or variable interest rate
	and a term to maturity of greater than 3 months but less than 12 months. Such investments are generally not permitted to be redeemed
	early or are subject to non interest for redemption prior to maturity. The Company classifies these investments as held-to-maturity
	as it has both the positive intent and ability to hold them until maturity. These investments are classified as short-term investments
	based on the maturity date. The short term investments maturities are exceeding three months. As of December 31, 2016 and 2015,
	the short term investments were $210,148 and $901,663, respectively, the interest rate were between 0.65% to1.5%, the maturity
	was exceeding three months but less than twelve months.


	 




	Fair Value Measurement





	 



	The Company applies the provisions of ASC
	Subtopic 820-10, Fair Value Measurements, for fair value measurements of financial assets and financial liabilities and for fair
	value measurements of nonfinancial items that are recognized or disclosed at fair value in the financial statements. ASC 820 also
	establishes a framework for measuring fair value and expands disclosures about fair value measurements.


	 


	Fair value is defined as the price that
	would be received when selling an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at
	the measurement date. In determining the fair value for the assets and liabilities required or permitted to be recorded, the Company
	considers the principal or most advantageous market in which it would transact and it considers assumptions that market participants
	would use when pricing the asset or liability.


	 


	ASC 820 establishes a fair value hierarchy
	that requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair
	value. ASC 820 establishes three levels of inputs that may be used to measure fair value. The hierarchy gives the highest priority
	to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1 measurements) and the lowest priority
	to measurements involving significant unobservable inputs (Level 3 measurements). The three levels of the fair value hierarchy
	are as follows:


	 


	Level 1: Unadjusted quoted prices
	in active markets that are accessible at the measurement date for identical, unrestricted assets or liabilities;


	 


	Level 2: Quoted prices in markets
	that are not active, or inputs that is observable, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the asset
	or liability;


	 


	Level 3: Prices or valuation
	techniques that require inputs that are both significant to the fair value measurement and unobservable (supported by little or
	no market activity).


	 




	 F-

	10






	 




	 



	SINORAMA CORPORATION




	NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




	(EXPRESSED IN US DOLLARS)



	 


	There were no transfers between level 1,
	level 2 or level 3 measurements for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015.


	 


	Financial assets and liabilities of the
	Company primarily comprise of cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, accounts receivable, amount due from related parties,
	other receivable, accounts payable, payroll payable, amount due to related party and other payable. As at December 31, 2016 and
	2015, the carrying values of these financial instruments approximated to their fair values due to the short-term maturity of these
	instruments.




	 






	Accounts receivable




	 


	Accounts receivable are recognized and
	carried at original invoiced amount less an allowance for any potential uncollectible amounts. An estimate for doubtful debts is
	made when the collection of the full amount is no longer probable. Bad debts are written off as incurred.


	 


	The Company maintains allowances for doubtful
	accounts for estimated losses resulting from the failure of customers to make payments on time. The Company reviews the accounts
	receivable on a periodic basis and makes allowances when there is doubt as to the collectability of individual balances. In evaluating
	the collectability of individual receivable balances, the Company considers many factors, including the age of the balance, the
	customer’s historical payment history, its current credit-worthiness and current economic trends.


	 


	The Company experienced nil and nil bad debts during the year
	ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.




	 






	Property and equipment




	 


	Property and equipment are stated at cost.
	Computer Equipment, Furniture & Fixtures and Office Equipment are depreciated using the declining balance depreciation method
	basis reflective of the useful lives of the assets. Leasehold Improvement are stated at cost and are depreciated using the straight-line
	method over the shorter of the estimated useful lives of the asset or the term of the related lease, as follows:


	 







	Computer Equipment




	Declining Balance Method at rate 30% per year






	Furniture & Fixtures




	Declining Balance Method at rate 20% per year






	Office Equipment




	Declining Balance Method at rate 20% per year







	Leasehold Improvement




	10 years





	 


	Repair and maintenance costs are charged
	to expenses as incurred, whereas the cost of renewals and betterment that extends the useful lives of property and equipment is
	capitalized as additions to the related assets. Retirements, sales and disposals of assets are recorded by removing the cost and
	accumulated depreciation from the assets and accumulated depreciation accounts with any resulting gain or loss reflected in the
	consolidated statements of comprehensive loss.


	 




	Functional currency and foreign currency translation




	 


	As of and for the years ended December
	31, 2016 and 2015, all foreign subsidiaries use the local currency of their respective countries as their functional currency,
	which is the U.S. Dollars for Sinorama and Sinorama Tours, and the Canadian dollar (“Canada dollar”) for Simon Qian
	Voyages and Vacances Sinorama and the Euro (“€”) for Sinorama Voyages.


	 


	The Company’s reporting currency
	is U.S. dollars. Assets and liabilities of Simon Qian Voyages, Vacances Sinorama and Sinorama Voyages are translated into U.S.
	dollars at the exchange rates set forth in the Bank of Canada at the balance sheet dates, revenues and expenses are translated
	into U.S. dollars at average exchange rates set forth in the Bank of Canada for the reporting periods, and shareholders' equity
	is translated at historical exchange rates. Gains and losses resulting from translation are recorded as a component of accumulated
	other comprehensive income (loss).


	 


	Realized gains and losses from foreign
	currency transactions are recognized as gain or loss on foreign currency in the consolidated statements of operations, unrealized
	gains and losses from foreign currency transactions are recognized as other income (expense) in the consolidated statements of
	operations.


	 


	The exchange rates used for foreign currency translation are
	as follows:


	 






	 


	 


	 


	 



	2016



	 



	2015





	 


	 


	 


	 



	(CAD to USD/EUR to USD)



	 



	(CAD to USD/EUR to USD)






	Assets and liabilities



	 



	period end exchange rate



	 



	0.7448/1.0553



	 



	0.7225/1.0858






	Revenue and expenses



	 



	period weighted average



	 



	0.7550/1.1068



	 



	0.7821/1.1092






	 




	 F-

	11






	 




	 



	SINORAMA CORPORATION




	NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




	(EXPRESSED IN US DOLLARS)




	 




	NOTE 2. SUMMARIES OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUING)





	 






	Income taxes




	 


	The Company adopts FASB ASC Topic 740,
	“Income Taxes,” which requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences
	of events that have been included in the financial statements or tax returns. Under this method, deferred income taxes are recognized
	for the tax consequences in future years of differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their financial reporting
	amounts at each period end based on enacted tax laws and statutory tax rates applicable to the periods in which the differences
	are expected to affect taxable income. Valuation allowances are established, when necessary, to reduce deferred tax assets to the
	amount expected to be realized.


	 


	In July 2006, the FASB issued FIN 48(ASC
	740-10), Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes-An Interpretation of FASB Statement No. 109 (ASC 740), which requires income
	tax positions to meet a more-likely-than-not recognition threshold to be recognized in the financial statements. Under FIN 48(ASC
	740-10), tax positions that previously failed to meet the more-likely-than-not threshold should be recognized in the first subsequent
	financial reporting period in which that threshold is met. Previously recognized tax positions that no longer meet the more-likely-than-not
	threshold should be derecognized in the first subsequent financial reporting period in which that threshold is no longer met.


	 


	The application of tax laws and regulations
	is subject to legal and factual interpretation, judgment and uncertainty. Tax laws and regulations themselves are subject to change
	as a result of changes in fiscal policy, changes in legislation, the evolution of regulations and court rulings. Therefore, the
	actual liability may be materially different from our estimates, which could result in the need to record additional tax liabilities
	or potentially reverse previously recorded tax liabilities or deferred tax asset valuation allowance.


	 


	As a result of the implementation of FIN
	48 (ASC 740-10), the company made a comprehensive review of its portfolio of tax positions in accordance with recognition standards
	established by FIN 48 (ASC 740-10). The Company recognized no material adjustments to liabilities or shareholder’s equity
	as a result of the implementation. The adoption of FIN 48 did not have a material impact on the Company’s audited consolidated
	financial statements.


	 


	The Company income tax expenses (recovery) was $(56,954) and
	$36,625 for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.


	 




	Earnings per share




	 


	The Company computes earnings per share
	(“EPS”) in accordance with ASC 260, Earnings Per Share. ASC 260 requires companies with complex capital structures
	to present basic and diluted EPS. Basic EPS is measured as net income divided by the weighted average common shares outstanding
	during the period.


	 


	Diluted EPS is similar to basic EPS but
	presents the dilutive effect on a per share basis of contracts to issue ordinary common shares (e.g., convertible securities, options
	and warrants) as if they had been converted at the beginning of the periods presented, or issuance date, if later. The computation
	of diluted EPS includes the estimated impact of the exercise of contracts to purchase common stocks using the treasury stock method
	and the potential shares of converted common stock associated with the convertible debt using the if-converted method. Potential
	common shares that have an anti-dilutive effect (i.e., those that increase earnings per share or decrease loss per share) are excluded
	from the calculation of diluted EPS.


	 




	Comprehensive Income (Loss)






	 




	Comprehensive income (loss) is comprised
	of net income (loss) and other comprehensive income (loss). Other comprehensive income (loss) includes unrealized gains or losses
	resulting from translating Simon Qian Voyages, Vacances Sinorama and Sinorama Voyages’ functional currency, the Canadian
	dollar and Euro dollar to its reporting currency, U.S. dollar.


	 




	Segment Information and Geographic Data






	 




	The Company reports segment information
	based on the “management” approach. The management approach designates the internal reporting used by management for
	making decisions and assessing performance as the source of the Company’s reportable operating segments.


	 


	The Company manages its business primarily
	on a geographic basis. The Company’s reportable operating segments consist of the Vacances Sinorama (Canada) and Sinorama
	Voyages (France). Although each reportable operating segment provides similar travel products and similar services, they are managed
	separately to better align with the location of the Company’s customers and distribution partners and the unique market dynamics
	of each geographic region. The accounting policies of the various segments are the same as those described in Note 2, “Summary
	of Significant Accounting Policies” of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this report.


	 


	The Company evaluates the performance of
	its reportable operating segments based on net sales and operating income. Net sales for geographic segments are generally based
	on the location of customers and sales through the Company’s office located in those geographic locations. Operating income
	for each segment includes net sales to third parties, related cost of sales and operating expenses directly attributable to the
	segment. Advertising expenses and salaries and employee benefits are generally included in the geographic segment in which the
	expenditures are incurred. Operating income for each segment excludes other income and expense and certain expenses managed outside
	the reportable operating segments. Costs excluded from segment operating income include income taxes and foreign currency translation
	adjustment. The Company does not include intercompany transfers between segments for management reporting purposes.


	 




	 F-

	12






	 




	 





	SINORAMA CORPORATION




	NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




	(EXPRESSED IN US DOLLARS)



	 


	Summarized financial information by segment
	is as follows:


	 




	 


	 


	Vacances Sinorama (Canada)


	 


	 


	Sinorama Voyages (France)


	 


	 


	Sinorama Corporation (USA)


	 


	 


	Total


	 




	December 31, 2016


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Net sales


	 


	 


	63,326,273


	 


	 


	 


	14,329,774


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	77,656,047


	 




	Operating income


	 


	 


	(1,910,999


	)


	 


	 


	(2,341,294


	)


	 


	 


	(306,832


	)


	 


	 


	(4,559,125


	)




	Total assets


	 


	 


	17,716,759


	 


	 


	 


	3,646,925


	 


	 


	 


	3,460,169


	 


	 


	 


	24,823,853


	 




	December 31, 2015


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Net sales


	 


	 


	30,019,167


	 


	 


	 


	11,37,760


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	41,056,927


	 




	Operating income


	 


	 


	1,443,974


	 


	 


	 


	(1,779,584


	)


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	(335,610


	)




	Total assets


	 


	 


	13,140,291


	 


	 


	 


	6,011,252


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	19,151,544


	 





	 



	 



	A reconciliation of the Company’s
	segment operating income to the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015:


	 






	 


	 


	The Year Ended December 31,


	 




	 


	 


	2016


	 


	 


	2015


	 




	Segment operating loss


	 


	$


	(4,559,125


	)


	 


	$


	(335,610


	)




	Income tax expense


	 


	 


	(56,954


	)


	 


	 


	36,625


	 




	Foreign currency translation adjustment


	 


	 


	245,195


	 


	 


	 


	104,432


	 




	Total operating income


	 


	$


	(4,256,976


	)


	 


	$


	(267,803


	)





	 




	Concentration of Credit Risk




	 


	Financial instruments that potentially
	subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk are cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, accounts receivable, prepayments
	and other receivables arising from its normal business activities. The carrying amounts of these financial instruments represent
	the maximum amount of loss due to credit risk. The deposits placed with financial institutions are not protected by statutory or
	commercial insurance. In the event of bankruptcy of one of these financial institutions, the Company may be unlikely to claim its
	deposits back in full. Management believes that these financial institutions are of high credit quality and continually monitors
	the credit worthiness of these financial institutions. The Company places its cash in what it believes to be credit-worthy financial
	institutions. The Company has a diversified customer base. The majority of sales are cash receipt in advance. For those credit
	sales, the Company routinely assesses the financial strength of its customers and, based upon factors surrounding the credit risk,
	establishes an allowance, if required, for uncollectible accounts and, as a consequence, believes that its accounts receivable
	credit risk exposure beyond such allowance is limited.




	 






	Recently accounting pronouncements




	 


	In August 2014, the FASB issued an accounting
	standard update that requires management to perform interim and annual assessments of an entity’s ability to continue as
	a going concern within one year of the date the financial statements are issued and provides guidance on determining when and how
	to disclose going concern uncertainties in the financial statements. Certain disclosures will be required if conditions give rise
	to substantial doubt about an entity’s ability to continue as a going concern. This accounting standard update applies to
	all entities and is effective for the annual period ending after December 15, 2016, and for annual periods and interim periods
	thereafter, with early adoption permitted. This accounting standard update will be effective for the Company on January 1, 2017.
	The adoption of this accounting standard update is not expected to have a material impact on the Company’s consolidated results
	of operations, financial position or cash flows.


	 


	In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-03,
	Interest- Imputation of Interest, which requires that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in
	the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability. The new standard is effective for fiscal
	years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2015. Early adoption is permitted. This accounting
	standard update will be effective for the Company on January 1, 2017. The adoption of this standard is not expected to have a material
	impact on the Company’s consolidated statement of financial position.


	 




	 F-

	13






	 




	 



	SINORAMA CORPORATION




	NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




	(EXPRESSED IN US DOLLARS)



	 


	In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-01
	Financial Instruments Overall (Subtopic 825-10) Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Liabilities. ASU 2016-01 amends
	the guidance in US GAAP on classification, measurement and disclosure of financial instruments. It revises an entity’s accounting
	related to: 1) classification and measurement of investments in equity securities; 2) presentation of certain fair value changes
	for financial liabilities measured at fair value; and, 3) amends disclosure requirements associated with the fair value of financial
	instruments. ASU 2016-01 is effective for years beginning after December 15, 2017 and early adoption is permitted. The adoption
	of ASU 2016-01 is not expected to have a material effect on the Company's consolidated financial statements.


	 


	In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02
	Leases (Topic 842). ASU 2016-02 establishes new guidance for the recording and disclosure of assets and liabilities that arise
	from leasing activity. ASU 2016-02 will require most lessees to record lease assets and lease liabilities that arise from leases
	on the statement of financial condition and disclose qualitative and quantitative information related to lease transactions such
	as variable lease payments and options to renew and terminate leases. ASU 2016-02 is effective for years beginning after December
	18, 2018 and early adoption is permitted. The Company is evaluating ASU 2016-02 to determine its impact, if any, on the consolidated
	financial statements.


	 


	In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No.
	2016-08, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting Revenue Gross versus
	Net). The amendment in this update affect entities with transactions included within the scope of Topic 606, The scope of that
	Topic includes entities that enter into contracts with customers to transfer goods or services (that are an output of the entity’s
	ordinary activities) in exchange for consideration. The amendments are intended to improve the operability and understandability
	of the implementation guidance on principal versus agent considerations. In April 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-10, the amendments
	in ASU 2016-10 provide more detailed guidance, including additional implementation guidance and examples in the following key areas:
	1) identifying performance obligations and 2) licenses of intellectual property. In May 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-12 a
	proposed Update, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients, on September
	30, 2015. The amendments do not change the core principles of the standard, but clarify the guidance on assessing collectability,
	presenting sales taxes, measuring noncash consideration and certain transition matters. This update becomes effective concurrently
	with ASU No. 2014-09. The Company is currently evaluating the effect of this new standard, including the transition method, to
	determine the impact on the Company's consolidated financial position, results of operations, cash flows, or related disclosures.


	 


	In October 2016, the FASB issued Accounting
	Standards Update No. 2016-16, Income Taxes – Intra-Entity Transfers of Assets Other Than Inventory (ASU 2016-16). The standard
	is intended to address diversity in practice and complexity in financial reporting, particularly for intra-entity transfers of
	intellectual property. ASU 2016-16 will be effective for the Company beginning with the interim periods of fiscal 2018 and requires
	the modified retrospective method of adoption. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is in the process of determining timing
	of adoption and assessing the impact of ASU 2016-16 on its consolidated financial statements.


	 


	In November 2016, the FASB issued ASU No.
	2016-18, Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Restricted Cash (“ASU No. 2016-18”). ASU No. 2016-18 requires that a
	statement of cash flows explain the change during the period in the total of cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and restricted
	cash equivalents. Therefore, amounts generally described as restricted cash should be included with cash and cash equivalents when
	reconciling the beginning of period and end of period total amounts shown on the statement of cash flows. ASU No. 2016-18 is effective
	for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company elected
	to early adopt ASU No. 2016-18 for the reporting period ending December 31, 2016 and was applied retrospectively. As a result of
	adoption of ASU No. 2016-18, the Company no longer presents the changes within restricted cash in the consolidated statements of
	cash flows.


	 


	In January 2017, the FASB issued Accounting
	Standards Board Update No. 2017-01: Business Combinations (Topic 805) - Clarifying the Definition of a Business (“ASU
	2017-01”). The ASU clarifies the definition of business with the objective of adding guidance to assist entities with evaluating
	whether transactions should be accounted for as acquisitions (or disposals) of assets or businesses. ASU 2017-01 will be effective
	for the Company’s fiscal year beginning January 1, 2018 and subsequent interim periods with prospective application with
	impacts on the Company’s consolidated financial statements that may vary depending on each specific acquisition. Early adoption
	is conditionally permitted.


	 


	As of March 31, 2017, except for the above,
	there are no recently issued accounting standards not yet adopted that would have a material effect on the Company’s financial
	statements.


	 




	 F-

	14






	 




	 



	SINORAMA CORPORATION




	NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




	(EXPRESSED IN US DOLLARS)



	 



	NOTE 3. PREPAYMENTS & DEFERRED EXPENSES



	 


	Our travel suppliers require prepayments
	for reserving tour availabilities. The prepayment is record in prepayments and deferred expenses on the consolidated balance sheets.
	Deferred expenses include prepaid insurance, advertising fee. The Company prepayments and deferred expenses for reserving tour
	availabilities were $9,234,410 and $9,318,623 for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.



	 






	NOTE 4. OTHER RECEIVABLE




	 



	At December 31, 2016 and 2015, other receivable consists of
	the following:



	 





	 


	 


	December 31,


	 




	 


	 


	2016


	 


	 


	2015


	 




	Tax on Value Added (TVA)


	 


	$


	245,621


	 


	 


	$


	162,050


	 




	Income tax receivable


	 


	 


	376,611


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Others


	 


	 


	106,655


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Total other receivable


	 


	$


	728,887


	 


	 


	$


	162,050


	 






	 




	NOTE 5. LONG TERM DEPOSITS




	 




	Long term
	deposits are the deposits made by the Company held at third institutions for operation purposes. As of December 2016, the Company
	has $1,055,307 air ticket security deposit with CAGEP SARL, who is a member of the International Air Transport Association (IATA),
	CAGEP has the license to sale the air ticket to Sinorama Voyages. As of December 31, 2016 and 2015, the Company has $738,555 and
	$626,129 security deposits with JP Morgan Chase, which is the security deposit for credit card usage without any interest. As of
	December 31, 2016 and 2015, the Company has $Nil and $272,113 bank deposit with Bank of China Paris Branch as travel company bankruptcy
	guarantee, without any interest. As of December 31, 2016 and 2015, the Company has $167,580 and $54,188 deposit with OPC

	(

	Office
	of Consumer Protection) as travel company bankruptcy guarantee, without any interest.



	 





	NOTE 6. PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT



	 


	At December 31, 2016 and 2015, property and equipment, at cost,
	consist of:


	 




	 


	 


	December 31,


	 




	 


	 


	2016


	 


	 


	2015


	 




	Computer equipment


	 


	$


	19,419


	 


	 


	$


	16,391


	 




	Furniture & Fixture


	 


	 


	5,688


	 


	 


	 


	5,518


	 




	Office equipment


	 


	 


	80,059


	 


	 


	 


	77,662


	 




	Leasehold Improvement


	 


	 


	362,880


	 


	 


	 


	240,026


	 




	Total property and equipment at cost


	 


	 


	468,046


	 


	 


	 


	339,597


	 




	Accumulated depreciation


	 


	 


	232,873


	 


	 


	 


	189,922


	 




	Total property and equipment, net


	 


	$


	235,173


	 


	 


	$


	149,675


	 





	 


	Depreciation expense was $37,820 and $37,171 for the years ended
	December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.


	 



	NOTE 7. CUSTOMER DEPOSITS



	 


	Customer deposits are the deposits made
	by all customers for reservation or the full payment must be paid by either check, debit card, credit card or cash before it can
	be confirmed. Customers must settle the total of all sums (due three months before departure). Otherwise, The Company reserves
	the right to cancel the reservation and retain the full amount of the initial deposit. Cancellation of a reservation can only be
	made through the Company as the following conditions will apply: more than 90 days prior to the departure date: 50% refund of the
	balance per-person, including taxes and service charge. If its marked “Final Sale”, which is non-refundable, nor changeable,
	nor transferable, whenever the purchase is made. Customer deposits are recognized as revenue on departure date, when services are
	provided to the customers. Customer deposits from all customers were $22,772,259 and $13,353,708 at December 31, 2016 and 2015,
	respectively, and were recorded as a current liability in the consolidated balance sheets.


	 




	 F-

	15






	 




	 



	SINORAMA CORPORATION




	NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




	(EXPRESSED IN US DOLLARS)



	 



	NOTE 8. NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS



	 


	Vacances Sinorama Inc. and Sinorama Voyages
	are the Company’s majority-owned subsidiary which is consolidated in the Company’s financial statements with a non-controlling
	interest recognized.


	 


	33.33% of Vacances Sinorama interest held
	by QIAN Hong is subjecting to non-controlling interest (“NCIs”), which was stated under ASC810-10-45, the ownership
	interest in the subsidiary that are held by owners other than the parent is a non-controlling interest. 66.67% of Vacances Sinorama
	interest held by Simon Qian Voyages Inc.


	 


	39% of Sinorama Voyages interest held by
	YANG Ming, 10% of Sinorama Voyages interest held by ZHAO Hongxi is subjecting to non-controlling interest, which was stated under
	ASC810-10-45, the ownership interest in the subsidiary that are held by owners other than the parent is a non-controlling interest.
	51% of Sinorama Voyages interest held by Sinorama Tours.


	 


	According to ASC 810-10-50 requirements,
	the group have separately disclosed amounts attributable to shareholders’ equity and NCIs in the financial statements. As
	of December 31, 2016, the comprehensive income attributable to shareholders’ equity and NCIs is $(2,600,957) and $ (1,656,019),
	respectively. As of December 31, 2015, the comprehensive income attributable to shareholders’ equity and NCIs is $96,440
	and $(364,243), respectively.


	 



	NOTE 9. INCOME TAX



	 


	The Company accounts for income taxes in
	accordance with ASC 740, Income Taxes, which requires that the Company recognize deferred tax liabilities and assets based on the
	differences between the financial statement carrying amounts and the tax basis of assets and liabilities, using enacted tax rates
	in effect in the years the differences are expected to reverse. Deferred income tax benefit (expense) results from the change in
	net deferred tax assets or deferred tax liabilities. A valuation allowance is recorded when, in the opinion of management, it is
	more likely than not that some or all of any deferred tax assets will not be realized.


	 



	United States



	 


	Sinorama Corporation is subject to the
	United States of America Tax law at tax rate of 34%. No provision for the US federal income taxes has been made as the Company
	had no US taxable income for the periods presented, and its earnings are permanently invested in Canada and Paris.


	 



	Samoa



	 


	Sinorama Tours Co., Ltd was incorporated
	in the Samoa and, under the current laws of the Samoa, it is not subject to income tax.


	 


	Canada


	 


	Simon Qian Voyages Inc. and Vacances Sinorama
	Inc. were incorporated in Canada and is subject to Canada income tax. Simon Qian Voyages Inc. and Vacances Sinorama Inc. are
	subject to Canada taxation on its activities conducted in Canada and income arising in or derived from Canada. The applicable
	statutory tax rate is from 18.5% to 49.8%.


	 



	France



	 


	Sinorama Voyages was incorporated in France
	and is subject to France profit tax. Sinorama Voyages are subject to France taxation on its activities conducted in France and
	income arising in or derived from France. The applicable statutory tax is 33.33 %.


	 






	 F-

	16






	 




	  



	SINORAMA CORPORATION




	NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




	(EXPRESSED IN US DOLLARS)



	 


	The provision (benefit) for income taxes
	consists of the following for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015:


	 






	Current:


	 


	2016


	 


	 


	2015


	 




	United States


	 


	$


	-


	 


	 


	$


	-


	 




	Canada


	 


	 


	(71,744


	)


	 


	 


	16,132


	 




	France


	 


	 


	14,790


	 


	 


	 


	20,493


	 




	Total current provision


	 


	 


	(56,954


	)


	 


	 


	36,625


	 




	 




	Deferred:


	 


	2016


	 


	 


	2015


	 




	United States


	 


	$


	-


	 


	 


	$


	-


	 




	Canada


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	123,313


	 




	France


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	(116,178


	)




	Total deferred provision


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	7,135


	 





	 


	The reconciliation of the income tax provision
	(benefit) to the amount computed by applying the statutory income tax rates to income before income taxes is as follows: 


	 






	 


	 


	2016


	 


	 


	2015


	 




	Income tax provision (benefit) at the statutory tax rates


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	United States


	 


	$


	(104,323


	)


	 


	$


	-


	 




	Canada


	 


	 


	(450,122


	)


	 


	 


	16,132


	 




	France


	 


	 


	(744,615


	)


	 


	 


	20,493


	 




	 


	 


	 


	(1,299,060


	)


	 


	 


	36,625


	 




	Valuation allowance on U.S. net operating loss carryforwards


	 


	 


	1,242,106


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Total income tax provision (benefit)


	 


	$


	(56,954


	)


	 


	$


	36,625


	 





	 


	Based upon an assessment of the level of
	taxable income and projections for future taxable income over the periods in which the deferred tax assets are deductible or can
	be utilized, the Company provided valuation allowance of $1,242,106 as of December 31, 2016.


	 


	The Company evaluates its valuation
	allowance requirements at end of each reporting period by reviewing all available evidence, both positive and negative, and considering
	whether, based on the weight of that evidence, a valuation allowance is needed. When circumstances cause a change in management’s
	judgement about the realizability of deferred tax assets, the impact of the change on the valuation allowance is generally reflected
	in income from operations. The future realization of the tax benefit of an existing deductible temporary difference ultimately
	depends on the existence of sufficient taxable income of the appropriate character within the carryforward period available under
	applicable tax law.


	 


	At December 31, 2016, the company had net
	operating loss carryforwards of approximately $4,563,396 which expires in 2036.


	 




	 F-

	17






	 




	 



	SINORAMA CORPORATION




	NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




	(EXPRESSED IN US DOLLARS)



	 



	NOTE 10. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS




	 





	Amount due from related parties




	 


	Amount due from related parties consisted of the following as
	of the periods indicated: 


	 






	 


	 


	December 31,


	 




	Name of related parties


	 


	2016


	 


	 


	2015


	 




	Sinorama Reisen GmbH


	 


	$


	1,469,472


	 


	 


	$


	600,502


	 




	Sinorama Holiday Inc.


	 


	 


	1,154,894


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Sinorama Group LLC


	 


	 


	1,453


	 


	 


	 


	807


	 




	Sinorama Holiday Limited


	 


	 


	935,418


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	ZHAO Hongxi


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	4,496


	 




	QIAN Hong & JING Wenjia


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	42,344


	 




	YANG Ming


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	6,004


	 




	Others


	 


	 


	2,621


	 


	 


	 


	1,700


	 




	Total


	 


	$


	3,563,858


	 


	 


	$


	655,853


	 





	 


	As of December 31, 2016 and 2015, the Company
	has a balance due from Sinorama Reisen GmbH, which is 65% owned by the Chief Executive Officer (JING Wenjia) of the Company, of
	$1,469,472 and $600,502, respectively. The amount is the prepayment for the supplier in China, in order to reserving tour availabilities.
	The prepayment was non-interest bearing, payable on demand.


	 


	As of December 31, 2016 and 2015, the Company
	has a balance due from Sinorama Group LLC., which is 100% owned by the Chairman (QIAN Hong) of the Company, of $1,453 and $807,
	respectively.


	 


	As of December 31, 2016 and 2015, the
	Company has a balance due from Sinorama Holiday Inc., which is 40% owned by the Chairman (QIAN Hong) of the Company, 20% owned
	by the Chief Executive Officer (JING Wenjia) of the Company, of $1,154,894 and Nil, respectively. It was for purchasing travel
	product from Sinorama Vacances, it was non-interest bearing and due on demand.


	 


	As of December 31, 2016 and 2015, the Company
	has a balance due from Sinorama Holiday Limited, which is 51% owned by the Chairman (QIAN Hong) of the Company, of $935,418 and
	Nil, respectively. It was for purchasing travel product from Sinorama Vacances, it was non-interest bearing and due on demand.


	 


	As of December 31, 2016 and 2015, the Company
	has a balance due from ZHAO Hongxi, who is the Director of the Company, of $Nil and $4,496. The amount was a temporary borrowing,
	it was non-interest bearing and due on demand.


	 


	As of December 31, 2016 and 2015, the Company
	has a balance due from QIAN Hong, who is the Chairman of the Company, and JING Wenjia, who is the Chief Executive Officer of the
	Company, of $Nil and $42,344. It was temporary borrowings between the Company to managements, it was non-interest bearing and due
	on demand.


	 


	As of December 31, 2016 and 2015, the Company
	has a balance due from YANG Ming, who is a shareholder of the Company, of $Nil and $6,004. It was temporary borrowings, without
	interest bearing and due on demand.


	 






	 F-

	18






	 




	  



	SINORAMA CORPORATION




	NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




	(EXPRESSED IN US DOLLARS)



	 




	Amount due to related parties





	 



	Amount due to related parties consisted of the following as
	of the periods indicated: 


	 






	 


	 


	December 31,


	 




	Name of related parties


	 


	2016


	 


	 


	2015


	 




	Sinorama Holiday Limited


	 


	$


	-


	 


	 


	$


	33,050


	 




	Sinorama Travel Vancouver Inc.


	 


	 


	1,423,231


	 


	 


	 


	5,993,970


	 




	Simon Qian& Jing Wenjia


	 


	 


	9,650


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Sinorama Tours Co, Ltd


	 


	 


	2,552


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Sinorama Holiday Inc.


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	734,488


	 




	 


	 


	$


	1,435,433


	 


	 


	$


	6,761,508


	 





	 


	As of December 31, 2016 and 2015, the Company
	has a balance due to Sinorama Holiday Limited, of $Nil and $33,050, respectively. The amount was prepayment for securing tour availabilities
	to the supplier in China, without interest charge and it was due on demand. 


	As of December 31, 2016 and 2015, the Company
	has a balance due to Sinorama Travel Vancouver Inc., which is 51% owned by the Chairman (QIAN Hong) of the Company, of $1,423,231
	and $5,993,970, respectively. Such payments were required by suppliers in China to be made in advance, in order to booking tour
	availabilities. The amount was non-interest bearing and was due on demand.


	 


	As of December 31, 2016 and 2015, the Company
	has a balance due to Simon Qian& Jing Wenjia, Simon Qian who is the Chairman of the Company owns 51% ownership of the Company,
	and JING Wenjia, who is the Chief Executive Officer of the Company. The Company has a balance due to Simon Qian & Jing Wenjia
	of $9,650 and $Nil, respectively. It was temporary borrowings between the Company and management. It was non-interest bearing and
	due on demand.


	 


	As of December 31, 2016 and 2015, the Company
	has a balance due to Sinorama Tours Co, Ltd., which is 100% owned by Sinorama Corporation, of $2,552 and $Nil, respectively. It
	was temporary borrowings between the Company to managements, it was non-interest bearing and due on demand.


	 


	As of December 31, 2016 and 2015, the Company
	has a balance due to Sinorama Holiday Inc., which is 40% owned by the Chairman (QIAN Hong) of the Company and 20% owned by the
	Chief Executive Officer (JING Wenjia) of the Company, of $Nil and $734,488, respectively. It was the prepayments to vendors in
	China for tour reservations. The amount was due on demand and without interest.


	 




	Related parties’ transactions




	 


	Sales of travel product to related parties
	consisted of the following for the periods indicated:  


	 






	 


	 


	For the Year ended December 31,


	 




	Name of related parties


	 


	2016


	 


	 


	2015


	 




	Sinorama Reisen GmbH


	 


	$


	378


	 


	 


	$


	-


	 




	Sinorama Holiday Limited


	 


	 


	3,767,725


	 


	 


	 


	1,004,561


	 




	Sinorama Holiday Inc.


	 


	 


	11,940,769


	 


	 


	 


	21,457


	 




	Sinorama Travel Vancouver Inc.


	 


	 


	5,573


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Total


	 


	$


	15,714,445


	 


	 


	$


	1,026,018


	 







	 




	 F-

	19






	 




	 



	SINORAMA CORPORATION




	NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




	(EXPRESSED IN US DOLLARS)



	 



	NOTE 11. CONTINGENCIES AND COMMITMENT



	 


	Certain conditions may exist as of the
	date the consolidated financial statements are issued, which may result in a loss to the Company but which will only be resolved
	when one or more future events occur or fail to occur. The Company’s management and legal counsel assess such contingent
	liabilities, and such assessment inherently involves an exercise of judgment. In assessing loss contingencies related to legal
	proceedings that are pending against the Company or unasserted claims that may result in such proceedings, the Company’s
	legal counsel evaluates the perceived merits of any legal proceedings or unasserted claims as well as the perceived merits of the
	amount of relief sought or expected to be sought. There was no contingency of this type as of December 31, 2016 and 2015.


	 


	If the assessment of a contingency indicates
	that it is probable that a material loss has been incurred and the amount of the liability can be estimated, then the estimated
	liability would be accrued in the Company’s financial statements. If the assessment indicates that a potential material loss
	contingency is not probable but is reasonably possible, or is probable but cannot be estimated, then the nature of the contingent
	liability, together with an estimate of the range of possible loss if determinable and material would be disclosed. There was no
	contingency of this type as of December 31, 2016 and 2015.


	 


	Loss contingencies considered to be remote
	by management are generally not disclosed unless they involve guarantees, in which case the guarantee would be disclosed.


	 


	In June, 2016 Vacances Sinorama leases
	office space under non-cancellable operating lease agreements. Under the terms of the lease, Vacances Sinorama paid approximately
	$61,669 in lease deposits, lease expense payments of approximately $18,120 per month. Under terms of the lease agreement, from
	June, 2017, Vacances Sinorama is committed to lease expense payments of approximately per month for120 months as following:


	 






	Period


	 


	Per month


	 




	Jun-16


	 


	May-17


	 


	rent-free


	 




	Jun-17


	 


	May-20


	 


	 


	18,120


	 




	Jun-20


	 


	May-21


	 


	 


	19,932


	 




	Jun-21


	 


	May-22


	 


	 


	21,925


	 




	Jun-22


	 


	May-23


	 


	 


	24,118


	 




	Jun-23


	 


	May-24


	 


	 


	25,324


	 




	Jun-24


	 


	May-25


	 


	 


	26,590


	 




	Jun-25


	 


	May-26


	 


	 


	27,919


	 




	Jun-26


	 


	May-27


	 


	 


	29,315


	 





	 


	This office is used for information technology
	department, Electronic Commerce department and market department etc.


	 


	Vacances Sinorama leases office space under
	non-cancellable operating lease agreements that expire on various dates through 2016. Under the terms of the lease, Vacances Sinorama
	paid approximately $22,061 in lease deposits and is committed to lease and management fee payments of approximately $12,080 per
	month for 60 months. This office is used for air ticket department, Asia tour department and others department.


	 


	 


	In March 2016, entered into renew lease
	agreement which replaced its expired operating lease agreements. Under terms of the lease, Vacances Sinorama is committed to lease
	and management fee payments of approximately $15,515 per month for 60 months.


	 


	In July 2015, Vacances Sinorama entered
	into a new lease agreement for bus tour department office. Under terms of the lease, Vacances Sinorama paid approximately $15,194
	in lease deposits is committed to lease and management fee payments of approximately $5,134 per month for 60 months. This office
	is used for Bus tour department.


	 


	In February, 2015 Sinorama Voyages leases
	office space under non-cancellable operating lease agreements. Under the terms of the lease, Sinorama Voyages paid approximately
	$13,894 in lease deposits, lease expense payments of approximately $4,869 per month. Under terms of the lease agreement, from February,
	2016, Sinorama Voyages is committed to lease expense payments of approximately $4,857 per month for 96 months.


	 






	 F-

	20






	 




	 



	SINORAMA CORPORATION




	NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




	(EXPRESSED IN US DOLLARS)



	 


	Future annual minimum lease payments, for
	non-cancellable operating leases are as follows:


	 






	Year ending December 31


	 


	 


	Amount $


	 




	 


	2017


	 


	 


	 


	405,883


	 




	 


	2018


	 


	 


	 


	496,483


	 




	 


	2019


	 


	 


	 


	496,483


	 




	 


	2020


	 


	 


	 


	496,483


	 




	 


	2021


	 


	 


	 


	505,543


	 





	 



	NOTE 12. Basic and Diluted Earnings Per Share



	 


	Basic net income per share is computed
	using the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted net income per share is computed using
	the weighted average number of common shares and, if dilutive, potential common shares outstanding during the period. Potential
	common shares comprise shares issuable upon the exercise of share based awards, using the treasury stock method. The reconciliation
	of the numerators and denominators of the basic and diluted earnings per share computations for income from continuing operations
	is shown as follows: 


	 






	 


	 


	The Year Ended December 31,


	 




	 


	 


	2016


	 


	 


	2015


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Numerator:


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Net income available to common stockholders


	 


	$


	(2,734,665


	)


	 


	$


	33,903


	 




	Denominator:


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Basic and diluted weighted-average number of shares outstanding


	 


	 


	11,786,889


	 


	 


	 


	9,838,889


	 




	Net income per share:


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Basic and diluted


	 


	$


	(0.23


	)


	 


	$


	0.00


	 






	 






	NOTE 13. SUBSEQUENT EVENT



	 


	The Management of the Company determined
	that there were no other reportable subsequent events to be disclosed.


	 




	 F-

	21









	 




	 








	Item
	9.    Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.




	 


	None.



	 








	Item
	9A.    Controls and Procedures.




	 




	Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures




	 


	Our management maintains disclosure controls
	and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange
	Act”), that are designed to provide reasonable assurance that the material information required to be disclosed by us in
	our periodic reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time
	periods specified in the SEC’s rules and forms.  Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation,
	controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit
	under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
	Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.


	 


	As of December 31, 2016, our management,
	under the supervision of and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness
	of our disclosure controls and procedures as required by Rules 13a-15(b) and 15d-15(b) under the Exchange Act.  Based
	upon this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures
	were not effective as of December 31, 2016 as a result of the material weaknesses identified in our internal control over financial
	reporting.  These material weaknesses are discussed in “Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial
	Reporting” below.  Our management considers our internal control over financial reporting to be an integral part
	of our disclosure controls and procedures.


	 




	Management’s Report on Internal
	Control over Financial Reporting




	 


	The Company’s management is responsible
	for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over our financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)
	under the Securities Exchange Act. The Company’s management is also required to assess and report on the effectiveness of
	the Company’s internal control over financial reporting in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
	(“Section 404”). Internal control over financial reporting is a process to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
	reliability of the Company’s financial reporting for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
	principles. Internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that: (i) pertain to maintaining records
	that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the Company’s transactions; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that
	transactions are recorded as necessary for preparation of the Company’s financial statements and that receipts and expenditures
	of company assets are made in accordance with management authorization; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance that unauthorized
	acquisition, use or disposition of company assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements would be prevented
	or detected on a timely basis.


	 


	The management considered that material
	weaknesses identified in our internal controls and procedures over financial reporting were: (1) lack of a functioning audit committee
	due to a lack of a majority of independent members and a lack of a majority of outside directors on our board of directors, resulting
	in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures; (2) inadequate segregation
	of duties consistent with control objectives; and (3) ineffective controls over period end financial disclosure and reporting processes.


	 






	 

	28






	 




	  


	Because of its inherent limitations, internal
	control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
	periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance
	with the policies and procedures may deteriorate.


	 


	As of December 31, 2016, our management,
	under the supervision of and with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the
	effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as required by Rules 13a-15(c) and 15d-15(c) under the Exchange
	Act.  In making this assessment, Management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
	of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in 

	Internal Control – Integrated Framework

	, including the following five framework
	components: i) control environment, ii) risk assessment, iii) control activities, iv) information and communications, and v) monitoring.


	 


	This annual report does not include an
	attestation report of the Company’s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting.
	Management's report was not subject to attestation by the Company's registered public accounting firm as we are a smaller reporting
	company and not required to provide the report.


	 


	Our management will continue to monitor
	and evaluate the effectiveness of its disclosure controls and procedures, as well as its internal control over financial reporting,
	on an ongoing basis, and is committed to taking further action and implementing additional improvements, as necessary and as funds
	allow.  However, our management cannot guarantee that the measures taken or any future measures will remediate the material
	weaknesses identified or that any additional material weaknesses or significant deficiencies will not arise in the future due to
	a failure to implement and maintain adequate internal control over financial reporting. Notwithstanding the material weaknesses
	described above, our management believes that there are no material inaccuracies or omissions of material fact and, to the best
	of its knowledge, believes that the consolidated financial statements included in this annual report present fairly, in all material
	respects, our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows for the periods presented in conformity with accounting
	principles generally accepted in the United States.


	  




	Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting




	 


	No changes in the Company's internal control
	over financial reporting has come to management's attention during the Company's last quarter that have materially affected, or
	are likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control over financial reporting.



	 



	 




	Item
	9B.    Other Information.





	 




	None.


	 






	 

	29








	 




	  





	PART III




	 









	Item
	10.    Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.




	 


	The following table sets forth certain information concerning
	our directors and executive officers:


	 








	Directors and Executive Officers*




	 




	Age




	 




	Position/Title







	QIAN Hong



	 



	45



	 



	President, Chairman of the Board and Director






	JING Wenjia



	 



	45



	 



	Chief Executive Officer and Director






	ZHAO Hongxi



	 



	51



	 



	Chief Financial Officer and Director






	 




	 



	*




	The business address for QIAN Hong and JING Wenjia are La Plaza Swatow: Office 518, P.O.Box 008, 998 Boulevard Saint-Laurent, Montreal, Quebec. H2Z 9Y9.





	 


	 


	The business address for ZHAO Hongxi is 23-25 Rue
	de Berri, 75008 Paris.






	 



	QIAN Hong, age 45, President/Director



	 


	Mr. QIAN is our founder and has served
	as our president since 2013 and director since June 2016. Mr. QIAN was one of the co-founders of Vacances Sinorama Inc., a travel
	company. From 2000 to 2005, Mr. QIAN served as Tour Leader of Huamin Company France, a travel company. Mr. QIAN served as Travel
	Managing Operator of Xi’an Holiday Travel Agency from 1994 to 1999. Mr. QIAN provides hands-on leadership, strategic direction
	and operations management with a focus on business development, exceptional quality services and fiscal accountability. The right
	candidate was display high personal integrity, positivity and the ability to operate effectively under pressure. Mr. QIAN studied
	French Language and Literature in Collège Jean Mennais, studied French Language and Literature in Xi’an International
	Studies University and obtained College Diploma of Commerce and Economics from Henan University of Finance and Economics. From
	Mr. QIAN’s experience and management skill should serve as a director and president. He can speak Mandarin, French and English.
	Mr. QIAN does not, and has never served as an officer or director of any company required to file periodic reports with the Securities
	and Exchange Commission.


	 



	Ms. JING Wenjia, age 45, Chief Executive
	Officer/Director



	Ms. JING is our Chief Executive Officer
	since 2013 and Director since June 2016. Ms. JING is one of the cofounders of Vacances Sinorama Inc. She was responsible for travel
	operations, budget development, analysis and oversight; marketing including volume growth/program development; expense control;
	policy and procedure development and implementation; and process development to facilitate regulatory compliance. She has more
	than 20 years in the travel industry. She has been the former Travel Managing Operator of Sino-France Economic and Cultural Center,
	served as a part-time Tour Guide for Travel Agency in Shaanxi, China and an employee of Shaanxi Local Product Import and Export
	Cooperation. Mr. JING studied French and English Language and Literature in Xi'an International Studies University, and attended
	Training Certificate in Consecutive and Simultaneous Conference Interpreting in European Commission Joint Interpreting and Conference
	Service. From Ms. JING’s experience and management skill should serve as a director and CEO. She can speak Mandarin, Cantonese,
	French and English. Ms. JING does not, and has never served as an officer or director of any company required to file periodic
	reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission.


	 



	Mr. ZHAO Hongxi, age-51, Chief Financial
	Officer/Director



	 


	Mr. ZHAO is our Chief Financial Officer
	since 2013 and Director since 2016. Since 2012, Mr. ZHAO served as general director of Sinorama Voyages. From 1999 to 2011, he
	served as director of Office of Consultation and management, CGSA, Paris. He served for Protac France S.A. of computer components,
	Economic Assistant and interpreter of the Economic Department of the Chinese Embassy, in Dakar, Senegal and served as an interpreter
	and translator in French for Institute of information studies and research, National Automotive Technical Research Centre in Tianjin,
	China. He earned a Master degree in Operational Marketing from Private High School of Computer Science and Management in Paris,
	France. He obtained a Master degree in French letter and civilization from Guangdong University of Foreign Studies in Guangzhou
	City, China. During his position as the chief financial officer with the Company, he has been trained by a local accounting firm
	regarding the preparation of financial statements under U.S. GAAP and is involved in its proposed U.S. initial public offering,
	including preparing U.S. GAAP financial statements and quarterly and annually fillings preparation. From 2015 to 2016, he has learned
	U.S. GAAP, Securities Exchange Act 1934, Securities Act 1933, Regulation S-K and Regulation S-X. He also serves as director, and
	serves in progressive managerial roles in accounting management, strategic planning and company control, and has knowledge about
	the travel service operation situation. From Mr. ZHAO’s international business working experience and US GAAP and SEC training
	experience, he was elected to serve as a director and CFO. He can speak Mandarin, French and English. Mr. ZHAO does not, and has
	never served as an officer or director of any company required to file periodic reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission.


	 






	 

	30






	 




	  


	Our Chief Executive Officer and Director,
	JING Wenjia is wife of QIAN Hong, our President and Director.


	 


	Our Chief Financial Officer and Director
	has no relationship to other shareholders and directors.


	 


	Our directors hold office until the next
	annual general meeting of our shareholders or until removed from office in accordance with our bylaws. Our officers are appointed
	by our board of directors and hold office until resignation or removal by the board.


	 




	Legal Proceedings Involving Officers and Directors




	 


	To our knowledge, during the last ten years,
	none of our directors and executive officers (including those of our subsidiaries) has:


	 




	 




	¨





	Had a bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time.





	 




	 




	¨





	Been convicted in a criminal proceeding or been subject to a pending criminal proceeding, excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses.





	 




	 




	¨





	Been subject to any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities.





	 




	 




	¨





	Been found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the SEC, or the Commodities Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended or vacated.





	 




	 




	¨





	Been the subject to, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reverse, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization, any registered entity, or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member.





	 


	During the fiscal year of 2016, our Board
	of Directors had four meetings, including meetings that were held by means of a conference telephone call, but excluding
	actions taken by unanimous written consent.


	 




	Board Committees




	 




	Audit Committee




	 


	We have not yet appointed an audit committee. 
	At the present time, we believe that the members of Board of Directors are collectively capable of analyzing and evaluating our
	financial statements and understanding internal controls and procedures for financial reporting.  We do, however, recognize
	the importance of good corporate governance and intend to appoint an audit committee comprised entirely of independent directors,
	including at least one financial expert, in the near future.


	 




	Compensation Committee




	 


	We do not presently have a compensation
	committee. Our board of directors currently acts as our compensation committee.


	 




	Nominating Committee




	 


	We do not presently have a nominating
	committee. Our board of directors currently acts as our nominating committee.


	 




	Code of Ethics




	 


	We do not presently have a code of ethics.
	However, we intend to adopt such a code of ethics in the future.


	 






	 

	31






	 




	  




	Board Leadership Structure and Role in Risk Oversight




	 


	QIAN Hong is our President and Chairman.
	We do not have any independent directors. The Board believes that the Company’s Chairman is best situated to serve as Chairman
	of the Board because he is the director most familiar with our business and industry and the director most capable of identifying
	strategic priorities and executing our business strategy. In addition, having a single leader eliminates the potential for confusion
	and provides clear leadership for the Company. We believe that this leadership structure has served the Company well.


	 


	Our Board of Directors is primarily responsible
	for overseeing our risk management processes.  The Board of Directors receives and reviews periodic reports from management,
	auditors, legal counsel, and others, as considered appropriate regarding the Company’s assessment of risks. The Board of
	Directors focuses on the most significant risks facing us and our general risk management strategy, and also ensures that risks
	undertaken by us are consistent with the Board of Directors’ appetite for risk. While the Board of Directors oversees the
	Company, our management is responsible for day-to-day risk management processes. We believe this division of responsibilities is
	the most effective approach for addressing the risks facing the Company and that our board leadership structure supports this approach.



	 










	Item
	11.    Executive Compensation.




	 


	The following table sets forth information with respect to compensation
	paid by us to our officers from the fiscal years ended 2015 and 2016, respectively.  


	 






	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	Non-Equity


	 


	 


	Non-qualified


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	Incentive


	 


	 


	Deferred


	 


	 


	All


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Name and


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	Stock


	 


	 


	Option


	 


	 


	Plan


	 


	 


	Comp.


	 


	 


	Other


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Principal


	 


	 


	 


	 


	Salary


	 


	 


	Bonus


	 


	 


	Awards


	 


	 


	Awards


	 


	 


	Comp.


	 


	 


	Earnings


	 


	 


	Comp.


	 


	 


	Total


	 




	Position


	 


	Year


	 


	 


	($)


	 


	 


	($)


	 


	 


	($)


	 


	 


	($)


	 


	 


	($)


	 


	 


	($)


	 


	 


	($)


	 


	 


	($)


	 




	QIAN Hong


	 


	 


	2015


	 


	 


	 


	65,383


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	65,383


	 




	Chairman


	 


	 


	2016


	 


	 


	 


	63,361


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	63,361


	 




	JING Wenjia


	 


	 


	2015


	 


	 


	 


	43,923


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	43,923


	 




	CEO/Director


	 


	 


	2016


	 


	 


	 


	60,727


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	60,727


	 




	ZHAO Hongxi


	 


	 


	2015


	 


	 


	 


	66,514


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	66,514


	 




	CFO/Director


	 


	 


	2016


	 


	 


	 


	66,288


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	66,288


	 





	 




	Amounts of compensation for 2016
	and 2015, reported in the table above, represent accrued compensation. The manner and timing of payments of the accrued compensation
	will depend on the future financial conditions of the Company.




	 




	Refer to the Notes to Financial Statements
	for more information.




	 



	Outstanding Equity Awards



	 


	No individual grants of stock options or
	other equity incentive awards have been made to any executive officer or any director since our inception.



	 




	Employment Contracts, Termination of
	Employment, Change-in-Control Arrangements



	 


	We have not entered into any employment
	or other contracts or arrangements with our executive officers. There are no compensation plans or arrangements, including payments
	to be made by us, with respect to our officers, directors or consultants that would result from the resignation, retirement or
	any other termination of such directors, officers or consultants from us. There are no arrangements for directors, officers, employees
	or consultants that would result from a change-in-control.



	 




	Compensation of Directors



	 


	We have no formal plan for compensating
	our directors for their services in their capacity as directors. Directors are entitled to reimbursement for reasonable travel
	and other out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with attendance at meetings of our Board of Directors. The Board of Directors
	may award special remuneration to any director undertaking any special services on behalf of SINORAMA CORPORATION other than services
	ordinarily required of a director.


	 






	 

	32







	 




	  








	Item
	12.    Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters.




	 


	The following table sets forth certain
	information regarding our shares of common stock beneficially owned as of the date hereof for (i) each stockholder known to be
	the beneficial owner of 5% or more of our outstanding shares of common stock, (ii) each named executive officer and director, and
	(iii) all executive officers and directors as a group. A person is considered to beneficially own any shares: (i) over which such
	person, directly or indirectly, exercises sole or shared voting or investment power, or (ii) of which such person has the right
	to acquire beneficial ownership at any time within 60 days through an exercise of stock options or warrants or otherwise. Unless
	otherwise indicated, voting and investment power relating to the shares shown in the table for our directors and executive officers
	is exercised solely by the beneficial owner or shared by the owner and the owner’s spouse or children.


	 


	For purposes of this table, a person or
	group of persons is deemed to have “beneficial ownership” of any shares of common stock that such person has the right
	to acquire within 60 days as of the date hereof. For purposes of computing the percentage of outstanding shares of our common stock
	held by each person or group of persons named above, any shares that such person or persons has the right to acquire within 60
	days of the Closing Date is deemed to be outstanding, but is not deemed to be outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage
	ownership of any other person. The inclusion herein of any shares listed as beneficially owned does not constitute an admission
	of beneficial ownership.


	 


	The percentage ownership information shown
	in the table below is calculated based on 14,700,000 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding as of March 31, 2017. We
	do not have any outstanding options, warrants or other securities exercisable for or convertible into shares of our common stock.


	 






	 


	 


	 


	 




	Amount and




	Nature




	 


	 


	 


	 




	Title of


	 


	 


	 


	of Beneficial


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Class


	 


	Name of Beneficial Owner


	 


	Ownership


	 


	 


	Percentage


	 




	Common Stock


	 


	JING Wenjia


	 


	 


	8,250,000


	 


	 


	 


	56.12


	%




	 


	 


	Chief Executive Officer and Director.


	 


	 



	Direct



	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Common Stock


	 


	ZHAO Hongxi


	 


	 


	550,000


	 


	 


	 


	3.74


	%




	 


	 


	Chief Financial Officer and Director


	 


	 



	Direct



	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	All Officers and Directors as a Group


	 


	 


	8,800,000


	 


	 


	 


	59.86


	%





	 


	As a result, our executive officers, directors and affiliated
	persons will have significant influence to:


	 




	 



	·




	Elect or defeat the election of our directors;





	 




	 



	·




	Amend or prevent amendment of our articles of incorporation or bylaws;





	 




	 



	·




	Effect or prevent a merger, sale of assets or other corporate transaction; and





	 




	 



	·




	Affect the outcome of any other matter submitted to the stockholders for vote.





	 


	Moreover, because of the significant ownership
	position held by our insiders, new investors will not be able to effect a change in the Company’s business or management,
	and therefore, shareholders would be subject to decisions made by management and the majority shareholders.


	 






	 

	33







	 




	  








	Item
	13.    Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence.




	 


	On June 30, 2016, we acquired One Hundred
	Percent (100%) of the issued and outstanding capital stock of Sinorama Tours Co., Ltd, a privately held Limited Liability Company
	registered in the Samoa (“Sinorama Tours”) for Eleven Million (11,000,000) shares of our common stock paid to the shareholders
	of Sinorama Tours. Only two of the shareholders of Sinorama Tours are also our officer and director and the shares were issued
	as follows:


	 






	Name of shareholders


	 


	Dollar value of the amount

	involved in SINORAMA*


	 


	Dollar value of the amount

	Involved in SINORAMA

	TOURS**





	JING Wenjia

	***




	 


	8,250,000 shares


	 


	$


	8,250


	 


	 


	7,500 shares


	 


	$


	7,500


	 




	XING Yanhua


	 


	330,000 shares


	 


	 


	330


	 


	 


	300 shares


	 


	 


	300


	 





	ZHAO Hongxi

	****




	 


	550,000 shares


	 


	 


	550


	 


	 


	500 shares


	 


	 


	500


	 




	YANG Ming


	 


	330,000 shares


	 


	 


	330


	 


	 


	300 shares


	 


	 


	300


	 




	WANG Bo


	 


	220,000 shares


	 


	 


	220


	 


	 


	200 shares


	 


	 


	200


	 




	WANG Xiwang


	 


	110,000 shares


	 


	 


	110


	 


	 


	100 shares


	 


	 


	100


	 




	WEI He


	 


	110,000 shares


	 


	 


	110


	 


	 


	100 shares


	 


	 


	100


	 




	ZHANG Guohua


	 


	385,000 shares


	 


	 


	385


	 


	 


	350 shares


	 


	 


	350


	 




	ZOU Gongping


	 


	275,000 shares


	 


	 


	275


	 


	 


	250 shares


	 


	 


	250


	 




	CHEUNG Wai Kee


	 


	110,000 shares


	 


	 


	110


	 


	 


	100 shares


	 


	 


	100


	 




	8941408 Canada Inc.


	 


	330,000 shares


	 


	 


	330


	 


	 


	300 shares


	 


	 


	300


	 




	Total


	 


	11,000,000 shares


	 


	$


	11,000


	 


	 


	10,000 shares


	 


	$


	10,000


	 





	 


	*$0.001 par value per share


	**$1 par value per share



	***

	JING Wenjia is the Chief Executive
	Officer and Director of the company.



	****

	ZHAO Hongxi is the Chief Financial
	Officer and Director of the company.


	 


	As of December 31, 2016 and 2015, the Company
	has a balance due to Sinorama Travel Vancouver Inc., which is 51% owned by the Chairman (QIAN Hong) of the Company, of $1,423,231
	and $5,993,970, respectively.


	 


	As of December 31, 2016 and 2015, the Company
	has a balance due to Sinorama Holiday Inc., which is 40% owned by the Chairman (QIAN Hong) of the Company, 20% owned by the Chief
	Executive Officer (JING Wenjia) of the Company, of $Nil and $734,488, respectively. It was the payment made to vendor in China,
	to reserving tour availabilities. It was due on demand and without interest.


	 


	As of December 31, 2016 and 2015, the Company
	has a balance due from Sinorama Holiday Inc., which is 40% owned by the Chairman (QIAN Hong) of the Company, 20% owned by the Chief
	Executive Officer (JING Wenjia) of the Company, of $1,154,894 and $Nil, respectively. It was for purchasing travel product from
	Sinorama Vacances, it was non-interest bearing and due on demand. During the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, Sinorama Holiday
	Inc. purchased from the Company for $11,940,769 and $21,457, respectively.


	 


	As of December 31, 2016 and 2015, the Company
	has a balance due from Sinorama Holiday Limited, which is 51% owned by the Chairman (QIAN Hong) of the Company, of $935,418 and
	Nil, respectively. It was for purchasing travel product from Sinorama Vacances, it was non-interest bearing and due on demand.
	During the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, Sinorama Holiday Limited purchased from the Company for $3,767,725 and $1,004,561,
	respectively.


	 






	 

	34






	 




	  


	As of December 31, 2016 and 2015, the Company
	has a balance due from Sinorama Reisen GmbH, which is 65% owned by the Chief Executive Officer (JING Wenjia) of the Company, of
	$1,469,472 and $600,502, respectively. The amount is the prepayment for the supplier in China, in order to reserving tour availabilities.
	The prepayment was non-interest bearing, payable on demand.


	 


	As of December 31, 2016, except as described
	above, there are no currently proposed transactions, in which is exceed $120,000 where it appears a related person had a material
	interest, including transactions with Sinorama Reisen GmbH, Sinorama Travel Vancouver Inc., Sinorama Holiday Limited, and Sinorama
	Holiday Inc. exists.



	 




	Independent Directors



	 


	None of our Board of Directors is an independent
	director, as such term is defined by the rules of the OTCBB Stock Exchange,




	 








	Item 14.    Principal Accounting Fees and Services.



	 


	We were billed by our independent public
	accounting firms, ANTON & CHIA, LLP, for the following professional services they performed for us during the years ended December
	31, 2016 and 2015 as set forth in the table below.


	 






	 


	 


	Year Ended December 31,


	 




	 


	 


	2016


	 


	 


	2015


	 




	Audit fees


	 


	$


	159,300


	 


	 


	$


	105,000


	 




	Audit-related fees


	 


	$


	-


	 


	 


	$


	-


	 




	Tax fees


	 


	$


	-


	 


	 


	$


	-


	 




	All other fees


	 


	$


	-


	 


	 


	$


	-


	 





	 


	Our Board of Directors pre-approves all
	audit and non-audit services performed by the Company's auditor and the fees to be paid in connection with such services.


	 






	 

	35








	 




	 





	PART IV








	Item 15.    Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules



	 








	Exhibit





	Number




	 




	Description






	 


	 


	 





	3.1



	 



	Articles of Incorporation of Registrant (1)






	3.2



	 



	Bylaws of the Registrant (1)






	5.1



	 



	Legal Opinion and consent of O’Neal Law Office (1)






	10.1



	 



	Share Exchange Agreement (1)






	10.2



	 



	Office leasing contracts- Montreal Main Operation Office (1)






	10.3



	 



	Office leasing contracts-Bus Tour Office (1)






	10.4



	 



	Office leasing contracts-France Office (1)






	10.5



	 



	Agreements with Sinorama Travel Vancouver Inc. (1)






	10.6



	 



	Agreements with Sinorama Holiday Inc. (1)






	21.1



	 



	List of Company Subsidiaries (1)






	23.1



	 



	Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (1) 





	31.1


	 



	Certification
	of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. *





	31.2


	 


	Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant
	to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. *




	32.1


	 


	Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant
	to U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. *




	32.2


	 


	Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant
	to U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. *





	 (1) Incorporated by reference to
	the same exhibit filed with our registration statement on Form S1, as amended (File No. 333-214546).


	*Filed herewith.




	 

	36








	 




	 







	Signatures



	 


	Pursuant to the requirements of Section
	13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
	undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.


	 




	 




	SINORAMA CORPORATION.






	 


	 


	 





	Date: March 31, 2017    




	By:




	/s/ JING Wenjia





	 


	 



	JING Wenji

	a






	 


	 



	Chief Executive Officer





	 


	 



	Principal Executive Officer





	 


	 


	 





	Date: March 31, 2017    




	By:




	/s/ ZHAO Hongxi





	 


	 



	ZHAO Hongxi





	 


	 



	Chief Financial Officer





	 


	 



	Principal Financial Officer





	 


	Pursuant to the requirements of Section
	13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
	Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.


	 







	Signature



	 



	Title



	 



	Date





	 


	 


	 


	 



	 






	/s/ QIAN Hong 



	 



	Chairman of the Board, Director



	 



	March
	31 2017






	QIAN Hong 



	 


	 


	 



	 





	 


	 


	 


	 



	 






	/s/ ZHAO Hongxi



	 



	Chief Accounting Officer and Director



	 




	March
	31, 2017







	ZHAO Hongxi



	 



	(Principal Accounting Officer)





	 






	 


	 


	 


	 



	 






	/s/ JING Wenjia



	 



	Chief Executive Officer and Director



	 



	March
	31, 2017






	JING Wenjia                                         



	 



	(Principal Executive Officer)  



	 



	  







	 




	 

	37








	 











	EXHIBIT 31.1:
	Rule 13a-14(a) Certification - CEO



	 


	I, JING Wenjia, certify that:


	 


	1. I have reviewed
	this annual report on Form 10-K of SINORAMA CORPORATION;


	 


	2. Based on my
	knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
	the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
	covered by this report;


	 


	3. Based on my
	knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
	the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;


	 


	4. The registrant's
	other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
	in Exchange Act Rules 13a–15(e) and 15d–15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
	Act Rules 13a–15(f) and 15d–15(f)) for the registrant and have:


	 


	(a) Designed such
	disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to
	ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
	within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;


	 


	(b) Designed such
	internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
	to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
	external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;


	 


	(c) Evaluated
	the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
	effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
	and


	 


	(d) Disclosed
	in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most
	recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or
	is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and


	 


	5. The registrant's
	other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
	to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
	functions):


	 


	(a) All significant
	deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
	likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and


	 


	(b) Any fraud,
	whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal
	control over financial reporting.


	 


	 






	/s/ JING Wenjia




	 



	Date: March 31, 2017  






	JING Wenjia



	 


	 





	Chief Executive Officer



	 


	 




	 






	 















	EXHIBIT 31.2:
	Rule 13a-14(a) Certification - CFO



	 


	I, ZHAO Hongxi, certify that:


	 


	1. I have reviewed
	this annual report on Form 10-K of SINORAMA CORPORATION:


	 


	2. Based on my
	knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
	the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
	covered by this report;


	 


	3. Based on my
	knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
	the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;


	 


	4. The registrant's
	other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
	in Exchange Act Rules 13a–15(e) and 15d–15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
	Act Rules 13a–15(f) and 15d–15(f)) for the registrant and have:


	 


	(a) Designed such
	disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to
	ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
	within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;


	 


	(b) Designed such
	internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
	to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
	external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;


	 


	(c) Evaluated
	the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
	effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
	and


	 


	(d) Disclosed
	in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most
	recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or
	is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and


	 


	5. The registrant's
	other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
	to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
	functions):


	 


	(a) All significant
	deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
	likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and


	 


	(b) Any fraud,
	whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal
	control over financial reporting.


	 


	 






	/s/ ZHAO Hongxi




	 



	Date: March 31, 2017  






	ZHAO Hongxi



	 


	 





	Chief Financial Officer



	 


	 




	 






	 















	Exhibit 32.1



	 





	CERTIFICATION
	PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,




	AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
	TO SECTION 906




	OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
	ACT OF 2002



	 


	In connection
	with the Annual Report of SINORAMA CORPORATION (the “Company”) on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2016,
	as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the “Report”), I, JING Wenjia, Chief Executive
	Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss.1350, as adopted pursuant to ss.906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
	that:


	 




	 



	1.




	The Report fully complies with the requirements of Sections 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and





	 




	 



	2.




	The information contained in the report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.





	 


	 






	/s/ JING Wenjia




	 



	Date: March 31, 2017 






	JING Wenjia



	 


	 





	Chief Executive Officer



	 


	 





	 






	 






	 













	Exhibit 32.2



	 





	CERTIFICATION
	PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,




	AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
	TO SECTION 906




	OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
	ACT OF 2002



	 


	In connection
	with the Annual Report of SINORAMA CORPORATION (the “Company”) on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2016,
	as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the “Report”), I, ZHAO Hongxi, Chief Financial
	Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss.1350, as adopted pursuant to ss.906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
	that:


	 




	 



	1.




	The Report fully complies with the requirements of Sections 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and





	 




	 



	2.




	The information contained in the report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.





	 


	 






	/s/ ZHAO Hongxi




	 



	Date: March 31, 2017   






	ZHAO Hongxi



	 


	 





	Chief Financial Officer



	 


	 





	 


	 




	 






	 














Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Sinorama Corp.  - Verify.Wiki, the verified encyclopedia






















Sinorama Corp. 
Follow Verify  
From Verify.Wiki


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



 


 http://www.sinoramacorporation.com/


 Sinorama Corp


 Type

 Public


 Industry

 Leisure, Travel & Tourism


 Founded

 2005


 Headquarters

 Montréal, Québec, Canada


 Key people

 Jing Wenjia (CEO)


 Number of employees

 200 - 500 [1]


Sinorama Corp. are a travel operator company who generate revenues from the sale of self-developed products, including Bus Tour Products and Asian Tour Products. They also sell Third Party Products (Air tickets, Hotel and etc.). The revenues are primarily driven by sale of our self-developed Asian Tours Products. Every year, over 10,000 tourists from North America, Europe,Australia and New Zealand traveled to Asia with Sinorama, while tens ofthousands of tourists from China and around the world traveled with Sinorama in Canada, the United States and Europe. [2]


Contents

1 Subsidiaries
2 History
3 Controversies
4 Top 5 Recent Tweets
5 Top 5 Recent News Headlines
6 Top 5 Lifetime Tweets
7 Top 5 Lifetime News Headlines


Subsidiaries
The Company’s subsidiaries include Sinorama Tours Co Ltd., Simon Qian Voyages, Vacances Sinorama Inc. and Sinorama Voyages.

 Sinorama Tours is a privately held Limited Company registered in Samoa on June 03, 2015. 
Simon Qian Voyages was established on October 12,2012, under the laws of Canada. Ms. JING Wenjia was 100% holding controlling interest of Simon Qian Voyages. On June 09, 2016, the sole Shareholder of Simon Qian Voyages Inc. Ms. JING Wenjia transferred 100% controlling interest to Sinorama Tours Co., Ltd.
Vacances Sinorama Inc. is a privately held, for-profit travel producer and seller, incorporated in Montreal, Quebec, Canada in December 2004. Vacances Sinorama is a large integrated tour company providing Bus Tour, Asian Tour, Air Tickets, Hotel Reservation, Cruise and other solutions to its customers worldwide. Vacances Sinorama facilitate travel commerce with online and offline travel business, Vacances Sinorama is providing both business to customer (B2C) and business to business (“B2B”) travel commerce marketplace.
Sinorama Voyages is a privately held, for-profit travel producer and seller, incorporated in Paris, France on February 2012. It is an integrated travel company providing Bus Tour, Asian Tour to its customers worldwide.
[3]

History
2005 - Sinorama Corp was established in Montreal
2006 - Sinorama Corp first organized foreign tourists travel


Controversies
Top 5 Recent Tweets


Top 5 Recent News Headlines
Top 5 Lifetime Tweets
Top 5 Lifetime News Headlines
↑  https://www.linkedin.com/company/sinorama 

↑  http://www.nasdaq.com/markets/ipos/company/sinorama-corp-1008103-82072#ixzz4Pn580yV0 

↑  http://www.nasdaq.com/markets/ipos/company/sinorama-corp-1008103-82072#ixzz4Pn5sJ6Kb 





Top Authors Archana SinhaView all authorsVerification history 258 days agoView all verifications 
						Retrieved from "http://verify.wiki/w/index.php?title=Sinorama_Corp.&oldid=7670"					
 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Create accountLog inCreate page 



Namespaces

Page
Discussion




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Getting startedFREE certificationsBusiness Applications 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesSpecial pagesPrintable versionPermanent linkPage information 






 This page was last modified on 12 November 2016, at 11:06.


Privacy policy
About Verify.Wiki
Contact us
Mobile view



 







  SNNN:OTC US Stock Quote - Sinorama Corp - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Sinorama Corp   SNNN:US   OTC US        USD             Volume   0    Previous Close   4.10    52Wk Range   1.80 - 4.10                  


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Volume   0    Previous Close   4.10    52Wk Range   1.80 - 4.10    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   -    Earnings per Share (-) (TTM)   -    Market Cap (USD)   -    Shares Outstanding   -    Price/Sales (TTM)   -    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -                Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases   There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   Sinorama Corporation operates as a travel management company. The Company organizes tours for its customers. Sinorama serves travelers worldwide.    Address  998, Blvd Saint-LaurentMontreal, QC H2Z 9Y9Canada   Phone  1-888-579-5519   Website   www.sinoramacorporation.com     Executives Board Members    Jing Wenjia  Chief Executive Officer    Qian Hong  President/Founder    Zhao Hongxi  Chief Financial Officer     Show More         










SINORAMA CORP IPO: Financials & Filings - NASDAQ.com

































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search






















Home > 
    Markets > 
    IPOs  > 
    Company Financials & Filings





SINORAMA CORP IPO




Overview




News Headlines




Financials & Filings




Experts















Key Data
Use of Proceeds
Competitors




Company Overview


Company Name
SINORAMA CORP


Company Address
LA PLAZA SWATOW, OFFICE 518P.O. BOX 008, 998 BLVD. SAINT-LAURENTMONTREAL H2Z 9Y9


Company Phone
8613510016379


Company Website
www.sinoramacorporation.com


CEO
Jing Wenjia


Employees 
 -- 


State of Inc
FL


Fiscal Year End
12/31


Status
Filed (11/10/2016)


Proposed Symbol
 -- 


Exchange
FINRA - BB


Share Price
$1.00


Shares Offered
5,900,000


Offer Amount
$5,900,000.00


Total Expenses
$199,983.81


Shares Over Alloted
 -- 


Shareholder Shares Offered
5,900,000


Shares Outstanding
8,800,000


Lockup Period (days)
180


Lockup Expiration
 -- 


Quiet Period Expiration
 -- 


CIK
0001687505




We will not receive any proceeds from the sales of our common stock by the
selling stockholders. All of the net proceeds from the sale of the common stock
will go to the selling stockholders. We have agreed to bear the expenses 
relating to the registration of our common stock for the selling stockholders.


The travel company industry is fragmented and highly competitive over the world.
Our competitors in the market can be grouped into several broad categories based
on size, business model, product offerings, target customers and geographic
scope of operations. These include international products suppliers and travel
companies with significant competitive services. We expect competition to
continue to remain competitive and strong for the foreseeable future.


Company Description
Sinorama Corporation (“Sinorama”) was incorporated in the State of Florida on
June 30, 2016.  

We are a travel operator company. Our revenues are generated from the sale of
self-developed products, including Bus Tour Products and Asian Tour Products. We
also sell Third Party Products (Air tickets,


 Hotel and etc.). Revenues have
grown rapidly since 2013, primarily driven by sale of our self-developed Asian
Tours Products. Every year, over 10,000 tourists from North America, Europe,
Australia and New Zealand traveled to Asia with Sinorama, while tens of
thousands of tourists from China and around the world traveled with Sinorama in
Canada, the United States and Europe. 
---
 
The Company’s subsidiaries include Sinorama Tours Co., Ltd., Simon Qian Voyages,
Inc., Vacances Sinorama Inc., and Sinorama Voyages.

SINORAMA TOURS CO., LTD ("Sinorama Tours"), is a privately held Limited Company
registered in Samoa on June 03, 2015. SINORAMA TOURS is authorized to issue
1,000,000 shares of a single class, and has issued 10,000 shares of a single
class, each with par value of $1.00 per share to its shareholders.

Simon Qian Voyages Inc. (“Simon Qian Voyages”) was established on October 12,
2012, under the laws of Canada. Ms. JING Wenjia was 100% holding controlling
interest of Simon Qian Voyages. On June 09, 2016, the sole Shareholder of Simon
Qian Voyages Inc. Ms. JING Wenjia transferred 100% controlling interest to
Sinorama Tours Co., Ltd.

Vacances Sinorama Inc. (“Vacances Sinorama”), is a privately held, for-profit
travel producer and seller, incorporated in Montreal, Quebec, Canada in December
2004. Vacances Sinorama is a large integrated tour company providing Bus Tour,
Asian Tour, Air Tickets, Hotel Reservation, Cruise and other solutions to its
customers worldwide. Vacances Sinorama facilitate travel commerce with online
and offline travel business, Vacances Sinorama is providing both business to
customer (B2C) and business to business (“B2B”) travel commerce marketplace.

Sinorama Voyages (“Sinorama Voyages”) is a privately held, for-profit travel
producer and seller, incorporated in Paris, France on February 2012, Mr. QIAN
Hong owned 51% of Sinorama Voyages. Sinorama Voyages is an integrated travel
company providing Bus Tour, Asian Tour to its customers worldwide. Sinorama
Voyages facilitate travel commerce with online and offline travel business,
Sinorama Voyages providing both business to customer (B2C) and business to
business (“B2B”) travel commerce marketplace.
---

The Company’s principal corporate address is La Plaza Swatow, Office 518, P.O.
Box 008, 998 Blvd, Saint-Laurent, Montreal, QC H2Z 9Y9. Our telephone number is
514-866-6888. Our website address is www.sinoramacorporation.com.


Full Description

The IPO profiles may contain historical records. Please visit the latest IPOs for the most recent information.




Company Financials



Revenue
$54,938,123


Net Income
-$1,660,610


Total Assets
$27,119,325






Total Liabilities
$30,557,715


Stockholders' Equity
-$1,537,436




Company Filings

                                    Viewing: 1 - 2 Total: 2
					            



Company Name
Form Type
Date Received
View



SINORAMA CORP
S-1/A
12/16/2016
Filing



SINORAMA CORP
S-1
11/10/2016
Filing







Experts


Auditor
Anton & Chia, LLP


Company Counsel
O'NEAL LAW OFFICE and William D. O’Neal, Esq.,


Transfer Agent
Island Stock Transfer


Underwriter
 -- 






                                There are no news stories for this IPO at this time.
                            












Today's Market Activity





NASDAQ

6373.90


-8.29
 ▼ 
0.13%





DJIA

21833.70


37.15
 ▲ 
0.17%





S&P 500

2472.19


-3.23
 ▼ 
0.13%










Data as of Jul 28, 2017 | 3:58PM


Try for Free: NASDAQ LiveQuotes Platform



View All















Latest News Headlines




                            FOREX-Dollar down, euro up as U.S. GDP data fails to sway market
                        



	                     3:43PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            Salisbury Bancorp, Inc. Reports Results for Second Quarter 2017; Declares 28 Cent Dividend
                        



	                     3:20PM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                




                            U.S. Republicans try to pick up the pieces after healthcare defeat
                        



	                     3:14PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            US STOCKS-S&P 500 knocked lower after earnings wave
                        



	                     3:02PM ET  - Reuters
	                





View All Latest Headlines

















Upcoming Earnings



Company
Expected Report Date




AAPL
Jul 25, 2017


ODFL
Jul 27, 2017


FB
Jul 26, 2017


TSLA
Aug 2, 2017


T
Jul 20, 2017


AMZN
Jul 27, 2017


VZ
Jul 27, 2017


GE
Jul 21, 2017





Earnings Calendar


























CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX







































Sinorama Realty Corp.                                                                                                    - Rego Park                                         , NY         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



NY



Rego Park



Real Estate Agents and Managers



Real Estate Brokers And Agents



                            Sinorama Realty Corp.
                                    



 





















S 


Sinorama Realty Corp.                                                                                                   
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



6541 WETHEROLE ST REGO PARK, NY 11374
Get Directions



(718) 897-4734
 





Business Info



 Founded 2008
 Incorporated NY
 Annual Revenue $165,004.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Real Estate Brokers And Agents
 Contacts Hsing Cheng                                                                                                             







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Sinorama Realty Corp.                                                                                                    was founded in 2008. The company is located in Rego Park and incorporated in New York. Sinorama Realty Corp.                                                                                                    specializes in Real Estate Brokers And Agents. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







S

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















Sinorama Corp: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback















sinorama corp
Public Company









Company Profile
Sector: Consumer Discretionary
Industry: Recreation Facilities & Svcs
Sub-Industry: Leisure & Travel Services
Sinorama Corporation operates as a travel management company. The Company organizes tours for its customers. Sinorama serves travelers worldwide.




Corporate Information
Address:

998, Blvd Saint-Laurent
Montreal, QC H2Z 9Y9
Canada


Phone:
1-888-579-5519


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.sinoramacorporation.com





Board Members




President/Founder
Company


Qian Hong
Sinorama Corp








Chief Executive Officer
Company


Jing Wenjia
Sinorama Corp








Chief Financial Officer
Company


Zhao Hongxi
Sinorama Corp


























From The Web











Key Executives


Jing Wenjia


Chief Executive Officer




Qian Hong


President/Founder




Zhao Hongxi


Chief Financial Officer







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data





































Please click here to continue










