










 







Workday CFO Aims to Make Hay with Financial Software













































































 





































Menu

Accounting & Tax
Banking & Capital Markets
Growth Companies
Human Capital & Careers
Risk & Compliance
Strategy
Technology
Sign InSign Up



			Search for:		









CFO








			Search for:		
























							Square-Off: What Corporate Tax Rate Is Best?						


					Many observers, as well as virtually all…				












							Why Technology Companies Should Consider Divestments						


					Divestment of non-core units is an effective way…				












							Got Extra IP Addresses? You Can Sell Them						


					A secondary market for unused addresses is…				







Accounting & Tax
Banking & Capital Markets
Risk & Compliance
Human Capital & Careers
Growth Companies
Strategy
Technology
 


 






Applications 
Workday’s New CFO Aims to Make Hay with Financial Software
Robynne Sisco opens up about her role and the enterprise software company's challenges and culture.

David McCann 

July 28, 2016 | CFO.com | US             	


share

Tweet
 


Email


Print


-
Print
+




Email this article



To*





Please enter your email address*





Subject*





Comments*











It seems like Workday has been around forever, ceaselessly nipping at the heels of Oracle and SAP. Actually, it’s been only 10 years since the company was founded, and just under four years since it went public.
Workday CFO Robynne Sisco
At its IPO Workday was valued at $9.5 billion. Today its market capitalization has reached $15.8 billion, and it recently surpassed the $1 billion annual revenue threshold.
That makes it a company with some heft, but its identity essentially remains what it’s been all along: an upstart SaaS firm seeking to pull market share from two monster-sized competitors (market caps of $169 billion and $103 billion, respectively, for Oracle and SAP, and revenue of about $37 billion and $27 billion).
Profitability is still a ways off, with the company spending heavily on R&D, marketing, and talent, although it’s nearly achieved break-even on an operating, non-GAAP basis, subtracting stock-based compensation expense. That last item is a bigger-ticket one than is true at most companies, as every Workday employee receives stock.
The big key for Workday going forward is to make significant market inroads with the suite of cloud-based financial software it’s been building since 2007 to complement its more popular human capital management (HCM) functionality, which is also in the cloud. So far, Workday has gained only a modest degree of traction on the financial side of its business.
Despite competing directly with the two dominant ERP vendors that also sell systems providing both financial management and HCM functionality, Workday doesn’t want to be thought of as an “ERP” company. One of its oft-used marketing slogans is “Alternative to ERP.”
Why? We posed that question, among others, to Workday’s new CFO, Robynne Sisco, who was promoted from chief accounting officer in May after four years with the company. She reports to former finance chief Mark Peek, who’s now co-president and who was also Sisco’s boss at their previous employer, VMware.
An edited version of CFO’s conversation with Sisco follows.
How’s the job going so far? 
It’s going well, I think because I’ve been at Workday for a few years so I know a lot about the company and the numbers. I know the leadership teams. So from an internal perspective it’s been very smooth and seamless. But I’ve been spending more time trying to get to know the press, the Wall Street analysts, and the large investors I didn’t know before.
From an internal perspective, in addition to the accounting team I now also have tax, treasury, and financial planning and analysis.
Is doing this job like you thought it would be? Any surprises?
Not yet. I’ve been watching Mark [Peek] do it for so long. But I really want to get my finger more on the pulse of what other CFOs are saying.
Are you going to play a sales role?
I’ve been engaged in the sales cycle for our financials product for the four years I’ve been here. [Potential customers] want to talk to someone who’s actually running on [the software].
Do they trust you to be objective?
Well, I think so. The most important thing isn’t inking the contract — it’s making that customer successful and happy so that we know they’re going to be a customer for a long time. How we do things is as important to us as what we do. We’re not going to lie to a customer to get a contract, because that would erode our reputation and customer satisfaction.
Workday is spending more than 30% of its revenue on R&D, and also more than 30% on sales and marketing. You’re obviously not profitable. What’s the strategy?
If you look at our sales and marketing as a percentage of revenue with a company that’s a lot more mature than us like Salesforce, we’re actually significantly lower. One reason we have an efficient sales and marketing organization is that we don’t have a lot of churn. We’re not constantly losing customers that we have to replace with new sales.
From an R&D perspective, we are consciously spending more than our peers in the SaaS space on continuing to build out the product suite. Building a financials product is really hard — more complicated than HCM. There are a lot more industry-specific requirements, while an HCM product can work across the various industries.
Does anybody ever utter the word “profit” at Workday?
Oh, yes. Last year, on a non-GAAP basis, our operating margin was about break-even. We lost $2.7 million on $1.1 billion of revenue. We’ve said publicly that we’ll be about break-even again this year, but with substantially higher revenue. We’re reinvesting all of our incremental revenue back into the business for both product and international expansion purposes.
But we are at the point in the life-cycle of our company where we need to start showing profitability. That will be one of our focus areas. At the same time, we want to make sure we balance that with the growth that we believe we can continue to achieve and with our company culture, which is very important to us.
R&D spending will trail down, and it already has. That is, we’ll spend more dollars each year, but it will be a lower percentage of revenue as we start focusing on profitability.
How about your share price? Do you look at that? Some CFOs claim that they don’t — that if they do the right things, share price will follow.
Oh, yeah, we look. We’ve got a big stock-based component to our compensation plan. Every single one of our more than 5,500 employees gets stock. Having employee ownership really drives a lot of the great cultural aspects that we have. It ties them to customer success and company success. But what comes with that is that as stock prices move, every employee feels it. So we do watch it.
Was passing the billion-dollar revenue threshold a meaningful hurdle, or is it just a number?
I think it’s a psychologically meaningful hurdle. How many publicly held software companies have made it to $1 billion? I think around 200. And when you get to $4 billion, it’s something like 19.
CFOs are under a lot of pressure these days — demands for more transparent financials, mounting regulatory requirements, changing accounting standards, internal and external demand for better data analytics, accelerating M&A, and greater economic instability. How do you cope with all of that?
You have to have systems that support those things. Otherwise you end up with a massive finance organization full of spreadsheet junkies, who can’t actually stay [on top of] all the regulations and business changes.
We bought a company about a year ago called GridCraft that has spreadsheet technology, and we’ve embedded it into our financials product. You can pull in actuals when doing a forecast or budget. That addresses the issue of moving spreadsheets around through emails, which is very insecure and creates version-control issues.
To what degree is that program like Excel? 
It’s very like Excel. It’s got all the functions and formulas that you would expect.
Is it against the law for your accountants to use Excel?
No, it’s not against the law. Someday it might be. But we do use it less because so much more can be done in the system.
Back to the pressures. Is there anything you’re responsible for that might keep you awake at night?
It’s what I touched on earlier — balancing between profitability, growth, and culture. If you go back a couple of years we were trying to balance growth with the culture. Now there’s this third component that we know it’s time to worry about, so how do we introduce that into the mix without jeopardizing the other two?
Is getting to the right mix a matter of trial and error? You move a little bit in one direction, see how things work out, then maybe move further?
I hope not! But I do think it’s about being willing to make tough decisions, because we’re going to have to prioritize. If we’re not going to have the same percentage spend on R&D, what does that mean for the products that our customers want us to build? Should we have better profitability and not build this product? [Should we] build it and let profits be a little lower?
In making decisions like that, how much is based on science and how much on going with your gut?
There’s some of both. You have data and numbers, and in the end you have to do what you think is the right thing.
Right, because things might be happening or starting to evolve out in the world that aren’t yet reflected in any data you have access to.
That’s right. You have to be flexible, because who knows what’s going to happen next with the economy or with currencies. The days when you’d set a budget and stick to it for a year are gone. It’s about continually refining it and adjusting to external forces.
Tell us about your competitors. Are there any, besides Oracle and SAP?
On the large enterprise side, that’s generally it. In the medium enterprise practice, there are other players, like NetSuite.
What’s the smallest company you’ll go after?
We generally don’t do deals with customers under 500 employees.
I assume that’s an apt metric for the human capital management side of your business but not as relevant for your financials product.
It’s the metric for the financials as well. That’s how we price it. We believe that it’s not about how many finance people are in there using the system. It’s about the value that everybody in the company gets out of it, whether it be expense reports or procurement or dashboards that allows managers to manage to their budget and see their real-time actuals.
It’s unlike the old world where the financial systems were accessed only by finance people because they were too complicated and difficult for anyone else to actually get in there and dig around. You really had to be an expert on the system. Now it’s open to everybody. That’s one of our value propositions.
How many customers do you have for your financials product?
About 220. Most of them run the HCM product as well. They generally buy that first, and then we go back and sell them the financials. And in a lot of cases we sell both at once. We do have a couple of customers that bought financials and may someday buy HCM.
I’m sure those systems are integrated, but “integration” could mean a lot of different things. What does integration mean to you?
We wouldn’t actually say they’re integrated, because it’s all one product. Customers buy the right to use certain pieces of it. If you buy all of it, you can look at particular employees and see what security access they have, how much money they make, their home address, what expense reports they’ve filed, what purchase requisitions they’ve done, who works for them. Its HCM and financial data, all connected.
Sounds something like an ERP. So why does Workday refer to its product as the “Alternative to ERP”?
“ERP” tends to be associated with the older, legacy technologies.
But aren’t people who buy those capabilities used to thinking of them as ERP stuff? If you’re not using that term, does it impede you from resonating with customers?
No, I don’t think so. People are starting to feel more comfortable with the cloud.
These days Workday is referring to itself as a provider of “financial management and human capital management” software. Why do you give top billing to the financial side when only a fraction of your customers are using the financial suite?
Because we believe the financials are our biggest opportunity and are the more complex part of the product.
Speaking of human capital management, what’s your view of the shortage of top finance and accounting talent that everybody is talking about?
It’s interesting, because the profile of people we hire is very different from whom I would have hired at previous companies, given that we’re on our own software.
What difference does that make?
It’s less about inputting data and spreadsheet jockeying, because you can get what you need out of the system without having to download everything. It’s more about continuous change in business support and analytics. You still have to do the transactions, but when they’re automated in a better way you can spend less time on them.
The user experience is just like a consumer website. You can go to Amazon and figure out how to buy stuff. Workday is similar in that it’s intuitive. You can go in there and figure out how to get the data you need. So the type of people we hire are more analytical, and they’re people who really like change and will drive change.














Leave a Reply Cancel reply 
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Comment Name * 
Email * 
Website 
 

 



















 
Advertisement



Popular Articles







Disruption Hits the Professional Services SectorFire Auditors Early, CFOs Are AdvisedWhat to Do When Your Boss Sells the CompanyDelayed DepartureNew Lease Accounting Rules Pose Challenges, Study Says 





 
Advertisement













































Workday Names Robynne Sisco Chief Financial Officer 























Press Release

Workday Names Robynne Sisco Chief Financial Officer 





























Continues to Strengthen Leadership Team to Drive Next Wave of Growth

PLEASANTON, CA--(Marketwired - Apr 12, 2016) -  Workday, Inc. (NYSE: WDAY), a leader in enterprise cloud applications for finance and human resources, today announced Robynne Sisco has been named chief financial officer, responsible for all aspects of the company's finance organization. She will continue reporting to Co-President Mark Peek.
"In her nearly four years at Workday, Robynne has exemplified the core values, innovation, and culture that have fueled our success, affirming why she's the ideal leader to take our finance organization through our next wave of growth," said Mark Peek, co-president, Workday. "Robynne has a clear understanding of the changing nature of finance, and the transformative impact of the cloud on the finance function. I look forward to continuing to work closely with Robynne as Workday's leadership position in finance and HR cloud applications and our focus on customer satisfaction move us closer to achieving our profitability goals of $3 billion in revenue and beyond."
"It's an exciting time to step into this role as finance teams are tasked to be even more strategic partners in progressing business and customer initiatives," said Robynne Sisco, chief financial officer, Workday. "I'm honored to lead our finance organization and further demonstrate how finance teams and technology enable our people and customers to meet their strategic business goals." 
Robynne joined Workday in 2012 as chief accounting officer, bringing more than 25 years of corporate finance and accounting experience to the role. Prior to joining Workday, Robynne was chief accounting officer and corporate controller at VMware, where she was responsible for accounting operations, real estate, and facilities. Before VMware, Robynne served as senior vice president and chief accounting officer at VeriSign and assistant controller at Oracle. She also held senior finance roles at Visa, General Electric, and Ford.
Robynne holds a Master of Business Administration degree in finance from Golden Gate University and a bachelor's degree in economics and accounting from Claremont McKenna College.
About Workday
Workday is a leading provider of enterprise cloud applications for finance and human resources. Founded in 2005, Workday delivers financial management, human capital management, and analytics applications designed for the world's largest companies, educational institutions, and government agencies. Hundreds of organizations, ranging from medium-sized businesses to Fortune 50 enterprises, have selected Workday.
© 2016. Workday, Inc. All rights reserved. Workday and the Workday logo are registered trademarks of Workday, Inc. All other brand and product names are trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective holders.
Media ContactsJeff Shadid
Workday
+1 (405) 834-7777Jeff.Shadid@Workday.com
Lisa Stassoulli
Workday
+44 (0)7568 377476Lisa.Stassoulli@Workday.com


Media








	                	Back to Press Listing
									















​Robynne Sisco, CFO of Workday, on R&D returns, culture, sales, profits | ZDNet




		This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please
		view our cookie policy.
	





                            Edition: 



            Asia
        



            Australia
        



            Europe
        



            India
        



            United Kingdom
        



            United States
        

ZDNet around the globe:


            ZDNet Belgium
        



            ZDNet China
        



            ZDNet France
        



            ZDNet Germany
        



            ZDNet Korea
        



            ZDNet Japan
        























Go









 














​Robynne Sisco, CFO of Workday, on R&D returns, culture, sales, profits
One key takeaway from Workday CFO Robynne Sisco: If a potential hire is going to manage people make sure you personally do the interview.







                                   By Larry Dignan
            
                    
                    for Between the Lines
        
                                        |            July 18, 2016 -- 11:00 GMT (04:00 PDT)
        
                                                        
                    | Topic: Cloud


































0



 


 


 

















Robynne Sisco, CFO of Workday, has a background at large companies such as VMware, VeriSign and GE that know how to scale. Now Sisco is involved with scaling profits, culture, revenue and being the front woman as Workday develops its financial software, which is aimed at other CFOs.Workday CFO Robynne SiscoWe caught up with Sisco to talk shop as well as how finance views the returns on research and development, sales people and Workday's somewhat quirky reporting structure. Here's a look at the highlights:Balance. Sisco said one of her biggest challenges--along with Workday's management team overall--is balancing growth, profits and investment. "How do you continue to grow, keep your culture and strengths in customer satisfaction?" said Sisco. "Now we need to think about profitability. And it's time to do that in a methodical way. If we wanted to be profitable we could simply do it by not hiring, but we don't believe that's in our long-term interest." Culture. Of those balancing act items, Sisco said scaling up and keeping Workday's culture is what worries her the most. "The significant part of our employees have been here less than a year. More are two years," said Sisco. "How do you perpetuate culture. Every company faces that challenge as they cross the 5,000 person mark." Sisco said she will also interview anyone who is going to be a people manager. "It's important to not hire the wrong person. We want people who love a job that changes," said Sisco. 


special feature








                        How UX is Transforming Enterprise Software
                    

Today's smartest businesses get serious about how to design user interfaces that drive efficiency, increase user adoption, and impact customer satisfaction.
Read More
 

Return on research and development. "Our R&D time is spent on product, innovation and moving forward," she said. "We're focused on building out our suite and targeting industries. We're not dialing it back, but we're determining how much revenue we allow to fall to the bottom line. We have robust processes for prioritizing the product roadmap and have an advisory board." Sisco added that R&D will change over time as a percentage of revenue as Workday's suite is built out. The view of R&D is different at a company that specializes in multi-tenant SaaS infrastructure since there is continuous features being rolled out. Reporting structure. Sisco reports to co-president Mark Peek, who used to be CFO. Peek has the business operations functions at Workday with Phil Wilmington, the other co-president, handling sales and customer operations. CEO Aneel Bhusri is focused on product development. The structure is a quirky one relative to other companies, but Sisco said decisions about forecasts and planning have the four of them at the table. "It's somewhat of an interesting structure, but it works well," she said. Contracts with customers. The length of contracts with customers remains about three years, but there are a lot of variables. "We are seeing longer contracts from large customers, but they vary," said Sisco, who noted that how much cash comes from the customer upfront is a variable. "We're looking at the long term," said Sisco, referring to contract negotiations. She added that there are specific requests; for instance, one customer wanted to pay 2.5 years upfront because they had the cash flow at the time. The dream contract is a three-year deal with a balanced mix of cash and subscription. One thing that doesn't change with cloud companies is the traditional enterprise software seasonality. "We still have seasonality and the end of quarter push. I guess that's the way enterprise buying has always been done," said Sisco. 


special feature








                        Enterprise Apps: The Next Generation
                    

Enterprise applications power the heart of business productivity, but they are traditionally difficult to implement, upgrade, and innovate. We look at how the next generation of enterprise apps could change the game.
Read More



Acquisitions. "We operate on a single technology platform and don't buy companies and bolt them on," she said. "It's the best answer for our customers." Sisco said Workday has traditionally focused on acquisitions that are technology tuck-in deals where it's a straight build vs. buy decision. ROI on a sales team. Workday is a bit different than other enterprise software vendors in that it is nearly 100 percent direct sales to customers. Sisco said "if customer satisfaction is important we don't want people in between." As for the sales return on investment, Workday looks at the cost to acquire a customer and the marketing and commissions associated with it. "If revenue is 2x cost you're in great shape. We're now 3x," she said. One big reason Workday is getting ROI on adding sales people is that it doesn't have churn. Losing customers and then replacing them complicates matters, she added. IT spend. Peek is in charge of IT, but Sisco noted that most internal systems revolve around Workday's product. "We typically only want to use SaaS and products that are philosophically aligned," she said. "We also like doing business with our customers. Running Workday is one of the most important things we do." Indeed, Workday recently hired Diana McKenzie as CIO to grow the company's internal IT services team. McKenzie knows a bit about scaling up since she spent 12 years at Amgen and was an IT leader at Eli Lilly, another large company. The CFO role. Sisco's role revolves around internal planning and forecasting as well as being front facing with other CFOs. Sisco's talks with other CFOs hit some product and also general issues in the field. After all, Workday Financials was influenced by the internal financial group. "We're the first to try something and show what's possible," she said.




0



 


 


 





















LOG IN TO COMMENT



My Profile
Log Out


            | Community Guidelines





Join Discussion





Add Your Comment


Add Your Comment











Related Stories









Artificial Intelligence
How Microsoft plans to turn Azure into an 'AI cloud'









Digital Transformation
Starbucks to step up rollout of "digital flywheel" strategy









Cloud
Amazon misses Q2 earnings estimates but revenue climbs thanks to AWS









Cloud
Amazon may be going head-to-head with Microsoft in healthcare





×
Thank You



Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription

I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy.
                     I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time).

ACCEPT & CLOSE





Newsletters

You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center.










See
                    All
                  





See
                    All
                  



































      Workday Names Robynne Sisco New CFO - WSJ
    







































































































 




Dow Jones, a News Corp companyNews Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information servicesDow JonesBarron'sBigChartsDJXDow Jones NewswiresFactivaFinancial NewsMansion GlobalMarketWatchNewsPlusPrivate MarketsRisk & ComplianceWSJ ConferenceWSJ ProWSJ VideoWSJ.comNews CorpBig DecisionsBusiness SpectatorCheckout51Harper CollinsNew York PostPropTigerREArealtor.comStoryfulThe AustralianThe SunThe TimesSubscribe NowSign InThe Wall Street JournalSearchSearch→
 

 

















                      Amazon’s Expansion Costs Take a Toll
                    











                      Trump Comments on U.S. Factories Make It Awkward for Apple
                    











                      An Electric Maserati? Fiat Chrysler CEO Says It’s on the Way
                    











                        Globalization in Retreat
                      

                      China’s Next Target: U.S. Microchip Hegemony
                    











                      Shell Prepares for ‘Lower Forever’ Oil Prices
                    











                      Uber Approaches GE CEO Jeff Immelt About Top Role
                    











                      Glencore Under Probe Over Congo Payments
                    











                      Chinese Billionaire Scales Down His Hollywood Dreams
                    











                      Intel Finds Room to Boost Revenue
                    











                      United Therapeutics in Settlement Talks With Justice Department
                    











                      Procter &amp; Gamble, Activist Spar Over Latest Results
                    









 



 






 

































        Small
      




        Medium
      




        Large
      








Save Article
Sign In to Save
Subscribe to WSJ









 










Business




Workday Names Robynne Sisco New CFO
The provider of human-resource and finance software has been posting losses in recent quarters as it invests in global expansion

 






By

Joshua Jamerson


Joshua Jamerson
The Wall Street Journal
BiographyJoshua Jamerson
@joshjame
joshua.jamerson@wsj.com




  April 12, 2016 9:34 a.m. ET





Cloud-based service provider Workday Inc. named Robynne Sisco as its chief financial officer, elevating a corporate finance and accounting veteran as the firm expands. Ms. Sisco will report to co-president Mark Peek, who had served concurrently as finance chief until Ms. Sisco’s appointment.  “Robynne has a clear understanding of the...
  


    To Read the Full Story
  


      Subscribe
    

      Sign In
    



 












 






Most Popular Videos









John McCain Casts Deciding Vote to Defeat Health Bill









Sen. Graham: The 'Skinny' Bill Is a Disaster









Dan Neil Drives VW's Atlas









Who and What Is Covered by Medicaid?









How Luxury Home Builders Build for Themselves






Most Popular Articles








Bad News If You Make $150,000 to $300,000: Higher Taxes for Many








Opinion: Trump Is Woody Allen Without the Humor








Scaramucci Erupts Over Priebus and Leakers








Japan Slaps 50% Tariff on Some U.S. Beef








Stop Saying Tom Brady Is Old!





 





 







              Popular on WSJ
            








Most Popular Videos









John McCain Casts Deciding Vote to Defeat Health Bill









Sen. Graham: The 'Skinny' Bill Is a Disaster









Dan Neil Drives VW's Atlas









Who and What Is Covered by Medicaid?









How Luxury Home Builders Build for Themselves






Most Popular Articles








Bad News If You Make $150,000 to $300,000: Higher Taxes for Many








Opinion: Trump Is Woody Allen Without the Humor








Scaramucci Erupts Over Priebus and Leakers








Japan Slaps 50% Tariff on Some U.S. Beef








Stop Saying Tom Brady Is Old!





 








 
















   
     
       
     
   

  
    
      
    
  

  
    
      
    
  

  
    
      
    
  


  
    
    
      
    
    
      Save Article
      Sign In to Save
      Subscribe to WSJ
    
  

   
     
       
     
   
   
     
       
     
   




  
  
    
      
  
    
      Text Size
  
      
      
        

        Small
      
  
      
      
        

        Medium
      
  
      
      
        

        Large
      
    
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
    
      
        
          
            
              
          
            Print
          
        
      
          
            
              
          
            Facebook
          
        
        
          
            
              
          
            Twitter
          
        
        
          
            
              
          
            WhatsApp
          
        
  
        
          
            
              
          
            SMS
          
        
  
  
        
          
            
              
          
            Copy Link
          
        
  
      
  
      
        
    
  
    
  
  
  


 













Workday's CFO Robynne Sisco Says About the Quest for Profitability | Fortune.comTechSearchSearchkapersky labsCongress Asks U.S. Agencies For Documents About This Cybersecurity FirmAdvertisingWhy Google and Facebook Prove the Digital Ad Market Is a DuopolyCOMPARECARDSSPONSOREDUggsUgg Is Trying to Make a Comeback With Something Other Than BootsRobynne Sisco, chief financial officer, Workday Courtesy of WorkdayPoint CloudWhat Workday’s New CFO Says About the Quest for ProfitabilityHeather ClancyAug 24, 2016A common refrain during business software company Workday's past two quarterly financial updates has been the growth for its cloud financial management software. That product's performance will be in the spotlight again after the market close on Wednesday when Workday issues its second-quarter financial results.Based on an average of Wall Street estimates, Workday (wday) is expected to post a 32% revenue increase for the quarter to around $373 million. They're expected a loss of two cents per share, compared with a profit of two cents for the same quarter one year ago.Workday is expanding beyond its stronghold in cloud human resources systems into management software, delivered via cloud services, for finance teams. Last year, it restructured its sales team to accelerate adoption, winning over big accounts such as insurance giant Aon and commercial real estate powerhouse Cushman & Wakefield. But these are long sales cycles, and at least one analyst, Needham's Scott Berg, isn't expecting much progress in this latest quarter, based on a research note he published earlier this week.He wrote:We like Workday's long-term strategy and believe its significant push into financials is the right strategic move, but our checks continue to suggest the high end of the human resource management software market remains slow and competitive, along with financials sales remaining difficult as customers don't seem ready for a cloud solution, and functionality not quite complete yet.One of the more innovative features of the Workday financial management solution, a model that helps with business planning, is due before the end of 2016. Its acquisition of startup Platfora in July points to ongoing investments in the software's predictive analytics features.Although Workday's stock took a hit early this week based on the Needham commentary, its shares have already recovered most of that ground. The company was trading at $80.40 around midday Wednesday.Get Data Sheet, Fortune’s daily technology newsletter.RelatedPointCloudMicrosoft and Airbus Just Got Drone FeverPointCloudMicrosoft and Airbus Just Got Drone FeverAnother theme likely to be sounded during Workday's conference call: its quest to improve profitability, a big strategic priority for its new CFO Robynne Sisco, who has been in her position for about four months. Sisco was previously Workday's chief accounting officer. Prior to that, she held positions at companies including VMware (vmw), VeriSign (vrsn), and Oracle (orcl).How hard will that be? Workday was "break even" for its last fiscal year and is hoping for the same during its current one. Fortune caught up with Sisco in mid-July to discuss her evolving agenda. Here are excerpts from that interview, edited for clarity and length.Fortune: What is your primary focus?Sisco: Really three key areas. Growth, which has been a focus area for us, obviously, for quite some time and how do we continue to grow at a fast clip, because that’s what everybody wants of us. Culture, which is another important element to us. How do we maintain the culture? Not just over time but as we expand internationally, as we grow and get bigger, over 5,500 employees. How do you make sure the culture can continue to live on as you grow and expand and change as a company? And we’ve added a third. Profitability has been a core value of ours since Day One, but we have not had it as a focus area because we’ve been really focused on the growth story. Now that we’re over $1 billion in revenue, it’s really time for us to start focusing on profitability. Our challenge will be how we balance the three.What is it about the profitability metric that seems so difficult for cloud software companies?I don’t know that it’s difficult. It’s about prioritization. We were break-even last year. We have publicly said we expect to be about break-even this year. It’s all about us wanting to invest in our product. We have a huge market opportunity. We have huge technological advantages over our competitors. A lot of our value proposition is our continuous innovation of our product, that we deliver to our customers at no extra cost. And wanting to build Planning, build Learning, build Student as well as continue to enhance the products we already have. How do we balance that investment with profitability?In the early days, it’s about building the product and really taking what you’ve earned and—in the early days more than what you’ve earned—and reinvesting it back into the product. If you look at our R&D compared to a more mature cloud company like a Salesforce (crm), you’ll see that it’s significantly higher because we’re trying to invest in the product, and we’ve got a lot we want to do on that front. But you do reach a point, where we’re at now, where you realize it’s time for us to turn the corner. We can’t keep reinvesting every incremental dollar we make back into the product. We have to find a balance that allows us to move toward profitability.What does that mean about your R&D investment?We will be extremely thoughtful and deliberate about what that looks like. We will still spend more on R&D every year, going forward into the future. It just means that there will be some incremental revenue we let fall to the bottom line. The other thing that we’re doing: we need to really take advantage of the scale that we have as a company when it comes to the suppliers that we use, whether it be travel suppliers or other types of vendors that we use. We are now a large enough company that we’ve got buying power.One promise of cloud financial management systems is the notion that companies can move away from an annual budget cycle and do this more on an ongoing basis. Is this realistic?We are continually forecasting. When Workday Planning comes out later this year, when we go on that, then we will be on a more continuous budgeting mode. I think there will always be an annual cycle around board approvals and those sorts of things. We still need to look it in one-year terms for things like guidance, but we will start to plan further out and hope to get to a point in the near future where we are doing continuous—like 18 months or 24 months—longer continuous cycles.It is a very acquisitive time in the software industry right now. What is Workday’s acquisition strategy?You’ve seen us buy smaller technology "tuck-ins," and that’s what you’re like to continue to see. We feel like part of the big story or value proposition is having a single technology, a single platform. We don’t have these "bolt-ons," like our competitors do. We don’t expect to buy products that have significant revenue streams and bolt them on, because that goes against our core philosophy. What we do do is go out and try to identify cool technologies that we can embed in our product, that are invisible to the customer.Are you seeing increased pressure from big legacy business software companies?We actually haven’t seen the tactics change much in the last several years. They are using pricing to lure customers onto their cloud products, depending on how you define cloud. That pressure is being offset by the fact that they can’t show live happy customers at scale.Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers© 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved.All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed SolutionsSubscribeSearchHomeFortune 500All RankingsTechLeadershipVentureFortune InsidersMost Powerful WomenAutomotiveCareersEnergy & EnvironmentExecutive TravelFinanceHealthTIME HealthInternationalLooking ForwardRetailMarketsMagazineNewslettersVideosFortune ConferencesFollow FORTUNEShareShare on FacebookPost on TwitterEmail this storyShare on RedditShare on PinterestShare on LinkedIn

Robynne Sisco, Workday



 
















  
































X












&times















&times















&times















&times















CNBC Global CFO Council



Start Over| 



‹
 



  


		    	                 
            Brian Yoor, Abbott
			                 
 



 


		    	                 
            Hans Ploos Van Amstel, Adecco
			                 
 



  


		    	                 
            Mark Garrett, Adobe
			                 
 



  


		    	                 
            Jan Siegmund, ADP
			                 
 



 


		    	                 
            Ana de Pro, Amadeus IT Group
			                 
 



 


		    	                 
            Grace Lee, Astro Malaysia Holdings
			                 
 



 


		    	                 
            Ramy Aziz, ASX Group
			                 
 



 


		    	                 
            John Stephens, AT&T
			                 
 



 


		    	                 
            Thomas Stoddard, Aviva
			                 
 



 


		    	                 
            Vera Eve Lim, Bank Danamon Indonesia
			                 
 



 


		    	                 
            Lars Machenil, BNP Paribas
			                 
 



  


		    	                 
            Andrew Lim, CapitaLand Limited
			                 
 



  


		    	                 
            Kelly Kramer, Cisco
			                 
 



  


		    	                 
            Stephen M. Robb, The Clorox Company
			                 
 



 


		    	                 
            Geert Peeters, CLP Holdings Limited
			                 
 



  


		    	                 
            David Klein, Constellation Brands
			                 
 



 


		    	                 
            Wolfgang Schäfer, Continental
			                 
 



 


		    	                 
            Sok Hui Chng, DBS Bank
			                 
 



  


		    	                 
            Paul Jacobson, Delta Air Lines
			                 
 



  


		    	                 
            Kathryn Mikells, Diageo
			                 
 



 


		    	                 
            Richard Coney, Domino's Pizza Enterprises Ltd
			                 
 



  


		    	                 
            Howard Ungerleider, The Dow Chemical Company
			                 
 



 


		    	                 
            Geraldine Matchett, DSM
			                 
 



  


		    	                 
            Nicholas Fanandakis, DuPont
			                 
 



  


		    	                 
            Tracey Travis, The Estée Lauder Companies
			                 
 



  


		    	                 
            Nikolay Ivanov, EVRAZ
			                 
 



  


		    	                 
            Mark Okerstrom, Expedia
			                 
 



  


		    	                 
            David Wehner, Facebook
			                 
 



 


		    	                 
            Christopher Collier, Flex
			                 
 



  


		    	                 
            Bob Shanks, Ford Motor Company
			                 
 



 


		    	                 
            Robert Drake, Galaxy Entertainment Group
			                 
 



  


		    	                 
            Robert Lloyd, GameStop
			                 
 



  


		    	                 
            Donal Mulligan, General Mills, Inc.
			                 
 



 


		    	                 
            Heather Xie, Global Logistic Properties
			                 
 



  


		    	                 
            Brian McGee, GoPro
			                 
 



 


		    	                 
            François Gauthey, Groupe Eurotunnel
			                 
 



 


		    	                 
            Keki Mistry, HDFC
			                 
 



  


		    	                 
            Rod Little, HSN, Inc.
			                 
 



 


		    	                 
            Nick Hawkins, Insurance Australia Group
			                 
 



 


		    	                 
            M.D. Ranganath, Infosys
			                 
 



 


		    	                 
            Norikazu Saito, Japan Airlines
			                 
 



  


		    	                 
            Dominic Caruso, Johnson & Johnson
			                 
 



 


		    	                 
            Marcus A. Ketter, Klöckner
			                 
 



  


		    	                 
            Mike Schlotman, Kroger
			                 
 



 


		    	                 
            R. Shankar Raman, Larsen & Toubro Limited
			                 
 



 


		    	                 
            Katsuyuki Imada, Lawson Inc.
			                 
 



 


		    	                 
            Wong Wai Ming, Lenovo
			                 
 



  


		    	                 
            Harmit Singh, Levi Strauss & Co.
			                 
 



  


		    	                 
            Steve Sordello, LinkedIn Corporation
			                 
 



  


		    	                 
            Evgeny Fetisov, Luxoft
			                 
 



  


		    	                 
            Leeny Oberg, Marriott
			                 
 



  


		    	                 
            Martina Hund-Mejean, MasterCard
			                 
 



  


		    	                 
            Dato' Amirul Feisal Wan Zahir, Maybank
			                 
 



 


		    	                 
            Alexey Kornya, MTS
			                 
 



 


		    	                 
            James Burdett, National Bank of Abu Dhabi
			                 
 



  


		    	                 
            Joseph Siclare, National Football League
			                 
 



  


		    	                 
            Joseph Peter, Nissan
			                 
 



 


		    	                 
            Eivind Kallevik, Norsk Hydro
			                 
 



 


		    	                 
            Jesper Brandgaard, Novo Nordisk
			                 
 



 


		    	                 
            Ingrid Johnson, Old Mutual
			                 
 



  


		    	                 
            John Rainey, PayPal
			                 
 



  


		    	                 
            Hugh Johnston, PepsiCo
			                 
 



 


		    	                 
            Jon Moeller, Procter & Gamble
			                 
 



 


		    	                 
            Wirat Uanarumit, PTT Group
			                 
 



  


		    	                 
            Rod Bolger, RBC
			                 
 



 


		    	                 
            Jason Liberty, Royal Caribbean Cruises
			                 
 



 


		    	                 
            Alexandra Bouriko, Rusal
			                 
 



 


		    	                 
            Dr. Bernhard Günther, RWE AG
			                 
 



 


		    	                 
            Guy Look, Sa Sa International Holdings
			                 
 



  


		    	                 
            Bariş Oran, Sabanci
			                 
 



  


		    	                 
            Mark Hawkins, Salesforce.com
			                 
 



  


		    	                 
            David Frear, SiriusXM
			                 
 



 


		    	                 
            Marc Rolland, Sodexo
			                 
 



  


		    	                 
            Bret Johnsen, SpaceX
			                 
 



  


		    	                 
            Scott Maw, Starbucks
			                 
 



 


		    	                 
            Jon Farney, State Farm Insurance
			                 
 



 


		    	                 
            Hans Jakob Hegge, Statoil
			                 
 



 


		    	                 
            Carlo Ferro, STMicroelectronics
			                 
 



 


		    	                 
            Martin Cubbon, Swire Pacific Limited
			                 
 



  


		    	                 
            Cathy Smith, Target
			                 
 



  


		    	                 
            Carol B. Tome, The Home Depot
			                 
 



 


		    	                 
            Pakorn Peetathawatchai, The Stock Exchange of Thailand
			                 
 



 


		    	                 
            Patrick de La Chevardière, Total
			                 
 



  


		    	                 
            Michael Short, Toys “R” Us
			                 
 



 


		    	                 
            Mahendra Negi, Trend Micro Inc.
			                 
 



  


		    	                 
            Conor Chia-hung Yang, Tuniu
			                 
 



  


		    	                 
            Kirt Gardner, UBS AG
			                 
 



 


		    	                 
            Graeme Pitkethly, Unilever
			                 
 



  


		    	                 
            Andrew Levy, United
			                 
 



  


		    	                 
            Richard Peretz, UPS
			                 
 



  


		    	                 
            John Shrewsberry, Wells Fargo
			                 
 



  


		    	                 
            Mark Long, Western Digital Corporation
			                 
 



 


		    	                 
            Willy Van Riet, Wienerberger
			                 
 



 


		    	                 
            Kevin Entricken, Wolters Kluwer
			                 
 



  


		    	                 
            Robynne Sisco, Workday
			                 
 



  


		    	                 
            Ken Goldman, Yahoo
			                 
 



  


		    	                 
            David Gibbs, Yum! Brands
			                 
 



  


		    	                 
            Mustafa Tercan, Yildiz Holding
			                 
 



  


		    	                 
            Kathleen Philips, Zillow Group
			                 
 



 


		    	                 
            George Quinn, Zurich Insurance Group
			                 

›


Robynne Sisco, Workday



SHARES












  
Source: Workday
Robynne Sisco Chief Financial Officer, Workday


  Robynne Sisco is the chief financial officer at Workday and is responsible for all aspects of the company's finance organization.
Robynne joined Workday in 2012 as chief accounting officer, bringing more than 25 years of corporate finance and accounting experience to the role. Prior to joining Workday, Robynne was chief accounting officer and corporate controller at VMware, where she was responsible for accounting operations, real estate, and facilities. Before VMware, Robynne served as senior vice president and chief accounting officer at VeriSign and assistant controller at Oracle. She also held senior finance roles at Visa, General Electric, and Ford.
Robynne holds a Master of Business Administration degree in finance from Golden Gate University and a bachelor's degree in economics and accounting from Claremont McKenna College.




























		    
    		CNBC Global CFO Council
	    
    
 



 


		    	                 
            Meet the CNBC Global CFO Council
			                 
The CNBC Global CFO Council is an elite group of chief financial officers from public and private companies.
 




 


		    	                 
            UPS CFO Richard Peretz talks earnings as shares slide   
			                 
 




 


		    	                 
            Procter & Gamble CFO: Our best days are ahead of us   
			                 
 




 


		    	                 
            Wells Fargo CFO: There’s a lot to like about this past quarter   
			                 




		    
    		More From CNBC Global CFO Council
	    
    


		    	                 
            PepsiCo CFO: Our innovation is working well and driving growth   
			                 


		    	                 
            Lunch will be a big focus for us in food, Starbucks CFO Scott Maw says
			                 


		    	                 
            CFOS bullish on the market’s momentum   
			                 


		    	                 
            CNBC asked CFOs to describe Trump's management style. 'Chaotic' was most popular
			                 


		    	                 
            CFOs on biggest market growth over next 6 months   
			                 


		    	                 
            Trump's blunt language sparks fear of an imminent trade war with Germany, say global CFOs
			                 


		    	                 
            One quarter of CFO Council members say A.I. is ‘critical’ to their companies
			                 


		    	                 
            CFOs on the economy and their businesses   
			                 


		    	                 
            Aviva CFO: Sentiment in Europe is improving   
			                 


		    	                 
            Aviva CFO: Using A.I. to revolutionize our business   
			                 































































 





Robynne Sisco – CFO of Workday – Finance Monthly | Monthly Finance News Magazine





























































 





Monthly Finance News Magazine dedicated to reporting the key financial stories of the day from across the globe for an international corporate readership.













LikesFollowersFollowersSubscribersFollowers 



















 	
										Sign in / Join								











Welcome, Login to your account.








Forget password?


Remember me







No account? Sign Up




 Sign in



Recover your password.
A password will be e-mailed to you.































FinTech. Financial Services. Business News.


















 





















 



Finance News 
Robynne Sisco – CFO of Workday


Last updated Oct 24, 2016




 0 

 Share


 
 

This month Finance Monthly takes a close look at the work and accomplishments of Robynne Sisco – the chief financial officer of the Californian company Workday – a leading provider of enterprise cloud applications for finance and human resources. The company was founded in 2005, with a vision to deliver a modern, cloud-first approach to financial and human capital management applications. Today, Workday has more than 1,350 customers, ranging from medium-sized businesses to Fortune 50 enterprises. In her role Robynne oversees all aspects of the company’s finance organisation, including accounting, tax, treasury, and financial planning and analysis. 
 
You have been CFO of Workday since April. What have been/are your priorities in your new role? 
The top three priorities for me as CFO are growth, profitability, and culture, and helping to ensure we maintain the right balance across all three.
Workday continues to be in growth mode, whether it be expanding our product portfolio or growing our market footprint. But as Workday continues to grow, there is greater pressure to also become profitable, an important factor in helping our company succeed in the long term. At the same time, our great culture always remains top of mind as it impacts all areas of our business from employee recruitment and retention to innovation and customer satisfaction.
So in my role, I am focused on continuously evaluating all three and making sure we’re making progress in each area, without any compromises.
 
What education or prior experience helped you succeed at your current role? 
I knew early on that I wanted to go into finance. Math and numbers felt natural to me so I focused on making that my career from the start.
I’ve worked at a variety of companies, starting my career in public accounting and moving on to companies like GE and Visa where I learned a lot about how finance works in large, global organisations. I eventually transitioned into the tech industry where I was exposed to accounting for different business models – such as software as a service – as we well as working for companies that were the technology providers for key back office functions such as finance and HR. It was through these experiences that I not only developed my skills and took on new responsibilities but learned the importance of having the right technology systems in place to enable me and my team to be successful in our roles.
The years of knowledge combined with first-hand experience in helping build and use modern finance systems – such as Workday Financial Management – have played an important role in helping me reach this point in my career.
 
What was the most challenging period of your career and how did you overcome it? 
Early in my career I worked at a few companies that weren’t the best cultural fit, which pushed me to learn how to be effective in my role while also being careful to remain focused on who I am as a person. While these experiences were challenging, they were ultimately great learning experiences that taught me how important it is to be at a company where you share the same values as the rest of the organisation so you can be both successful and true to yourself.
 
What motivates you most about operating within the computer software industry? 
For me, it’s about the long term opportunity ahead of us. I’m passionate about what I do and about Workday because I think we’re delivering something that is not only innovative but business critical, and doing it in a way that puts customers and employees first.
The business environment in which we operate has undergone significant change in the last few decades – whether it’s new regulations, increased competition for talent, or heightened pressure to grow organisations. This new dynamic is putting pressure on business leaders to deliver insights and make decisions more quickly than ever before. What we’re finding, however, is that their ability to do this is hindered by legacy technology systems that can no longer support the way they want to work. At Workday, we’re focused on finding a better way and enabling today’s organisations to adapt more quickly to business changes, whether it’s responding in real time to employee needs or delivering richer insights around financial performance.
 
How does Workday’s business model influence how significant market and regional changes impact its business? 
 With Workday’s software as a service (SaaS) business model, revenue is recognised rateably over the contract terms. This means that any market changes, whether regional or otherwise, will take a while to impact revenue. The benefit of this is it allows us the time to make decisions about if, or how, we want and need to respond to market changes. This is different from the perpetual license model where an organisation is dependent on new sales each quarter to meet short term revenue targets, and will likely feel the impact immediately.
 
In terms of market competition, where does the company stand globally and what are Workday’s goals moving forward? 
Our business is growing at a fast clip and we’re seeing an increasing demand for our products globally. We currently have operations in the U.S., Canada, Europe, and the Asia Pacific region, with more than 6,000 employees and 1,350 customers, including such companies as ING, Unum, Hitachi, Fast Retailing, Rolls-Royce, and Unilever.
In most cases, we’re displacing legacy systems with customers wanting more modern, cloud-based finance and HR systems to move their businesses forward. Our focus is and will continue to be on partnering with our customer community to innovate and deliver a robust product offering that not only supports them today but for years to come as their needs evolve and their businesses scale.
In addition to our product innovation, the core focus areas that I mentioned earlier of growth, profitability, and culture, are not only priorities for me, but for the entire organisation as we move forward.
 






You might also like


More from author








Editor's Picks 



				Here’s Why Future Prosperity Demands Smart Immigration Policies			




Editor's Picks 



				The Top 5 Accounting Tools to Make Year-End Tax Planning Easy			




Finance News 



				Here’s a Simple Reason ‘Cash Isn’t Dead’			





 
 Prev				

					Next 













Comments


Loading...






Login / Register


Username or Email



Password


 Remember Me





Register | Lost your password?Connect with Us 
26,736Likes30,469Followers1,369Followers2,003Members 

 

 Promoted Content

 







						International SAP Conference for Professional Services					














						CEO Awards Winners Edition Now Available					














						Fintech Connect Live					














						Digital Interconnectivity: A driving force for change in the…					














						Is the ‘good old reliable cheque’ making a comeback?					






 
Finance News 




Editor's Picks 

 

				Here’s Why Future Prosperity Demands Smart Immigration…			

 




Editor's Picks 

 

				The Top 5 Accounting Tools to Make Year-End Tax Planning…			

 




Finance News 

 

				Here’s a Simple Reason ‘Cash Isn’t Dead’			

 




Featured 

 

				Intellectual Property: How to Protect Your Fintech…			

 




Finance News 

 

				Unpaid SME Staff Overtime Worth £1.6 Billion a Week			

 




Finance News 

 

				Everything You Need to Know on the Latest Energy Compliance…			

 










Follow Us @financemonthly






































 

























