    Roger Sit | Sit Investment Associates Inc | ZoomInfo.com

Roger Sit, Sit Investment Associates Inc: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  



















Feedback





Roger Sit

Chairman/President/CEO,
Sit Investment Associates Inc





Corporate Information
Address:



Phone:
-


Fax:
-











From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data








































Investment Professional Directory – Sit Investment Associates




















































 
 
 








Investment Professional Directory
Roger J. Sit — Chief Executive Officer and Global Chief Investment Officer, Sit Investment Associates

Sit Equity Portfolio Management
Sit Investment Associates’ 20 global equity investment professionals have 377 years of combined experience.  The average number of years of experience is 18.9.  Our global equity investment expertise covers domestic and international growth strategies.  We excel in managing portfolios of large, mid, and small cap growth stocks; dividend-paying growth stocks; and international and developing markets growth stocks.


David A. Brown, CFA — Vice President
Portfolio Manager, Analyst
Director of Client Services
Kent L. Johnson, CFA — Senior Vice President
Portfolio Manager, Analyst
Michael T. Manns — Vice President
Portfolio Manager, Analyst
Tasha M. Murdoff — Vice President
Portfolio Manager, Analyst
Raymond E. Sit  — Vice President
Portfolio Manager, Analyst
Robert W. Sit, CFA  — Vice President
Portfolio Manager, Analyst
Ronald D. Sit, CFA  — Vice President
Portfolio Manager, Analyst
Michael J. Stellmacher, CFA  — Vice President
Portfolio Manager, Analyst
Sit Equity Research Analysts
Denise A. Anderson, Ph.D.  — Vice President
Analyst
Stacey M. Curme
Trader, Research Analyst
Joseph R. Eshoo  — Vice President
Analyst
Lee J. Feltman, CFA
Research Associate
Sam K.V. Krawczyk
Research Assistant
Eric M. Manthe
Research Associate
Michael C. Marzolf  — Vice President
Analyst
Bradley W. Meyer
Trader, Research Associate
Mark A. Pepper  — Vice President
Analyst
Ningning Tang, CFA
Research Analyst
Nicholas D. Tich
Research Associate
Sit Fixed Income Portfolio Management
The firm’s 18 fixed income investment professionals have over 336 years of combined investment management experience.  The average number of years of experience is 18.7.    Our fixed income investment expertise is in both taxable and municipal strategies and emphasize a high level of interest income and stability of principal using investment-grade securities.  We also have expertise in alternative fixed-income strategies.


Michael C. Brilley — President, Sit Fixed Income and Senior Fixed Income Officer, Sit Investment Associates


Mark H. Book, CFA, CMA   — Vice President
Portfolio Manager, Analyst
Bryce A. Doty, CFA   — Senior Vice President
Senior Portfolio Manager, Analyst
Paul J. Jungquist, CFA, CPA  — Senior Vice President
Senior Portfolio Manager, Analyst
Christopher M. Rasmussen, CFA  — Vice President
Portfolio Manager, Analyst
Sit Fixed Income Research Analysts
Peter A. Ellingboe
Research Associate

Todd S. Emerson, CFA — Vice President
Analyst
Jessica A. Ersfeld, CFA
Research Analyst

Matthew T. Hilliard, CFA — Vice President
Analyst
Michael C. Hubbard, CFA 
Research Analyst
Jason B. Miller, CFA
Research Associate
Kevin P. O’Brien, CFA
Trader
Charles D. Officer, CFA
Research Associate
Michael J. Reich, CFA
Trader, Research Analyst
Andrew J. Tich, CFA
Research Associate

  























Scroll to top






Roger J. Sit: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 4:01 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Sit Investment Associates, Inc.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Roger J. Sit  Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Global Chief Investment Officer, Sit Investment Associates, Inc.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 3 Board Members in 3 different organizations across 14 different industries.See Board Relationships55--
Background

		Mr. Roger J. Sit serves as the Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, Co-President and Global Chief Investment Officer at Sit Investment Associates, Inc., where Mr. Sit joined in January 1998 and directs investment management activities. He serves as a Portfolio Manager of Sit Mutual Funds in its fund complex. He was an Equity Analyst of Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division. Mr. Sit served as a Vice President and Senior Equity Research Analyst at Goldman Sachs & Co. ... in New York for seven years. He was a Captain in the U.S. Air Force and served for six years in active duty with financial management responsibilities at Headquarters Space Division. He serves as Chairman of Sit Money Market Fund Inc. He has been a Director of TCF Financial Corporation since January 22, 2015. He serves on the Boards of Convergent Capital, the Minneapolis Institute of Arts and the Minneapolis Club. He graduated with Military Distinction from the U.S. Air Force Academy in 1984. He has a M.S. in Systems Technology from the University of Southern California in 1987 and an M.B.A. with honors from the Harvard Graduate School of Business in 1991.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
3300 IDS CenterMinneapolis, Minnesota 55402United StatesPhone: 612-332-3223Fax: 612-344-1210
Board Members Memberships
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Global Chief Investment OfficerSit Investment Associates, Inc.Chairman of the BoardSit Money Market Fund Inc2015-PresentDirectorTCF Financial Corporation
Education
MS 1987University of Southern CaliforniaMBA 1991Harvard Business SchoolUnknown/Other Education 1984U.S. Air Force Academy
Other Affiliations
TCF Financial CorporationUniversity of Southern CaliforniaHarvard Business SchoolU.S. Air Force AcademyGoldman Sachs Group Inc., Research DivisionSit Mid Cap Growth Fund, Inc.Sit Mutual Funds, Inc. - Sit Dividend Growth FundSit Mutual Funds, Inc. - Sit Developing Markets Growth FundSit Mutual Funds, Inc. - Sit Balanced FundSit Mutual Funds, Inc. - Sit Small Cap Growth FundSit Mutual Funds - Sit Science and Technology Growth FundSit Mutual Funds, Inc. - Sit International Growth FundSit Large Cap Growth Fund, Inc.Columbia Funds Variable Series Trust II - Variable Portfolio - MFS Blended Research Core Equity FundSit Money Market Fund IncSit Mutual Funds, Inc. - Sit Global Dividend Growth FundSit Mutual Funds, Inc. - Sit Small Cap Dividend Growth FundSit Mutual Funds, Inc. - Sit ESG Growth Fund


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Sit Investment Associates, Inc., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


























 



TCF's Board of Directors Elects Roger J. Sit to Board Membership | Business Wire
























































TCF's Board of Directors Elects Roger J. Sit to Board Membership






January 26, 2015 05:53 PM Eastern Standard Time



WAYZATA, Minn.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--The Board of Directors of TCF Financial Corporation (“TCF”) (NYSE:TCB) 
      today announced the election of Roger J. Sit to the TCF Board of 
      Directors, effective January 22, 2015.
    


      Mr. Sit is chief executive officer and global chief investment officer 
      of Sit Investment Associates, a privately owned institutional investment 
      management firm. He joined Sit Investment Associates in 1998 and has 
      served as its chief executive since 2008. Prior to joining the firm, Mr. 
      Sit was a vice president and senior equity research analyst at Goldman 
      Sachs & Co. in New York for seven years. He also served in the U.S. Air 
      Force, reaching the rank of Captain and serving six years on active 
      duty. He currently serves on the boards of Convergent Capital, the 
      Minneapolis Institute of Arts, the University of Minnesota Outreach, 
      Research and Education Development LLC, and the McKnight Foundation. Mr. 
      Sit is also a director of Sit Investment Associates.
    

      “It is a pleasure to welcome Roger Sit to TCF’s Board of Directors,” 
      said William A. Cooper, chairman and chief executive officer. “His 
      extensive experience in financial services and insights into the 
      financial markets will be particularly helpful to TCF as we continue to 
      broaden our portfolio of products and services available to both retail 
      and commercial customers. The Board and our executive management team 
      will benefit from Roger’s diverse background and perspective.”
    

About TCF Bank


      TCF Financial Corporation is a Wayzata, Minnesota-based national bank 
      holding company. As of September 30, 2014, TCF had $19.0 billion in 
      total assets and 382 branches in Minnesota, Illinois, Michigan, 
      Colorado, Wisconsin, Indiana, Arizona and South Dakota, providing retail 
      and commercial banking services. TCF, through its subsidiaries, also 
      conducts commercial leasing, equipment finance, and auto finance 
      business in all 50 states and commercial inventory finance business in 
      the U.S. and Canada. For more information about TCF, please visit http://ir.tcfbank.com.
    




Contacts

TCF Financial CorporationInvestors:Jason 
      Korstange, 952-745-2755orMedia:Mark Goldman, 
      952-475-7050news@tcfbank.com


















Contacts

TCF Financial CorporationInvestors:Jason 
      Korstange, 952-745-2755orMedia:Mark Goldman, 
      952-475-7050news@tcfbank.com







 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up























Roger Sit Biography – Sit Mutual Funds




















































 
 
 








FASTTRACK:       Daily Prices       |       Account Access        |       Mutual Fund Performance       |       Contact Us





  

Roger J. Sit
Chief Executive Officer

Global Chief Investment Officer

Sit Investment Associates, Inc.


1998 – Present    Sit Investment Associates, Inc.
1991 – 1998    Goldman Sachs & Co.
1984 – 1990    United States Air Force

Harvard Graduate School of Business, M.B.A. (1991)
University of Southern California, M.S. (1987)
United States Air Force Academy, B.S. (1984)

Roger Sit is the chief executive officer of Sit Investment Associates, Inc., which manages $13.6 billion in assets for institutional and individual clients with investments in both domestic and international markets.  As the global chief investment officer, Roger leads the firm’s Investment Policy Committee and directs investments in custom separately-managed accounts, private investment funds, and mutual funds portfolios.  He leads the firm’s team of equity and fixed-income analysts specializing in specific industry sectors.  Roger joined Sit Investment Associates in January of 1998 and focused primarily on domestic and international equity portfolios and the firm’s operations.  Roger worked closely with Sit Investment Associates’ founder Gene Sit for over ten years prior to assuming stewardship of the firm in 2008.
Prior to joining Sit Investment Associates, Roger was vice president and senior equity research analyst at Goldman Sachs & Co. in New York for seven years.  He joined Goldman Sachs & Co. after receiving an M.B.A. degree from the Harvard Graduate School of Business in 1991.
Following graduation from the U.S. Air Force Academy with military distinction in 1984, Roger was an officer in the U.S. Air Force.  He served six years of active duty with financial management responsibilities at Headquarters Space Division and rose to the rank of captain.  While serving in the military, he earned an M.S. degree in Systems Management from the University of Southern California in 1987.
Roger currently serves on the boards of Convergent Capital, TCF Financial Corporation, The Minneapolis Institute of Arts, and The McKnight Foundation.  Roger chairs the board of the Minnesotans’ Military Appreciation Fund, a nonprofit and nonpartisan organization co-founded in 2005 by Gene Sit.
Investment Professional Directory

  























Scroll to top







Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 





Roger J. Sit - The Association of Asian American Investment ManagersThe Association of Asian American Investment Managers




















































































 


















0


 









Roger J. SitBoard MemberChairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Global Chief Investment OfficerRoger J. Sit directs investment management activities for Sit Investment Associates, a diverse financial asset management firm with capabilities in both domestic and international investment products. Roger joined the organization in January 1998 and worked closely with firm founder Gene Sit for over ten years. Prior to joining the firm, Roger was a Vice President and Senior Equity Research Analyst at Goldman Sachs & Co. in New York for seven years. Additionally, he was a Captain in the U.S. Air Force, serving six years active duty with financial management responsibilities at Headquarters Space Division. Roger Gradated with Military Distinction from the U.S. Air Force Academy in 1984. He earned a M.S. in Systems Management from the University of Southern California in 1987 and an M.B.A. with honors from the Harvard Graduate School of Business in 1991. Roger serves on the boards of TCF Financial Corporation, Convergent Capital, the Minneapolis Institute of Arts, and the McKnight Foundation. 







































