










 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Sithe Global

























CONTACTS
NEWS
PROJECTS
ABOUT US


      



 MISSION


Environmental Policy


HISTORY EXECUTIVE
    MANAGEMENT


Martin B. Rosenberg
          CEO 
Brian H. Kubeck
          President 
Thomas J. DeLeo
          COO 
Harold Folsom
          CFO 
Jeremiah Sheehan
          General Counsel 
Jason Oliver
          Chief Commercial Officer


BOARD OF DIRECTORS


David I. Foley
Sean Klimczak
Bilal Khan


INVESTORS


The Blackstone Group






History
Sithe Global was initially formed in 2004 by investment
            funds managed by Reservoir Capital Group ("Reservoir"). Sithe Global's
            experienced management team and Reservoir have previously worked
            together on a number of power-related investments, including Reservoir's
            direct investment in Sithe Energies, Inc. ("Sithe"). Until the commencement
            of its divestitures, which began in 1999, Sithe was one of the world's
            leading independent power producers. In 2004, Reservoir disposed
            of its interest in Sithe Energies to focus exclusively on new energy
            project development and acquisition opportunities through Sithe Global.
In October 2005, The Blackstone Group ("Blackstone")
            joined Reservoir Capital and purchased a controlling (approximately
            80%) equity share in Sithe Global. This ownership structure strengthened
            Sithe Global's capital structure and provides Sithe Global the financial
            capability to pursue multiple large scale power generation developments.
            In December of 2010 Blackstone increased their interest in Sithe Global 
            by purchasing the remaining shares held by Reservoir Capital effectively 
            bringing their total interest in Sithe Global to 99%. Blackstone brings a 
            tremendous amount of experience, industry relationships and capital to Sithe Global.

We believe that cost-effective electricity, fuel source
      diversification and environmental
      stewardship are all key elements of a socially responsible international
      energy company.







Verify real user


























Verify real user













Verify real user


























Verify real user





























NY Supreme Court, Appellate Division Opinions and Cases | FindLaw

























Not a Legal Professional?  Visit our consumer site

Register | Login
Welcome.Edit Your Profile | Log Out
Javascript is disabled. Please enable Javascript to log in.







Search




Cases & Codes
Practice Management
Jobs & Careers
Newsletters
Blogs
Law Technology




Forms
Lawyer Marketing
Corporate Counsel
Law Students
JusticeMail
Reference





















FindLaw
Caselaw
New York
NY Supreme Court, Appellate Division


New York Supreme Court, Appellate Division Cases
Welcome to FindLaw's searchable database of New York Supreme Court, Appellate Division decisions since January 1800.  
    FindLaw offers a free 
RSS feed for this court. We also maintain an archive of 
    Opinion Summaries from September 2000 to the Present. 
    Cases are browsable by date and searchable by docket number, case title, and full text. 




Party Name Search
Free Text Search
Search by Docket Number
	        
Browse by Court







 
SEARCHING NY Supreme Court, Appellate Division




Party name: 


 


Date Range: 


                      to 
Format is YYYYMMDD


 












 
SEARCHING NY Supreme Court, Appellate Division




Text: 






Date Range: 


                      to 
Format is YYYYMMDD


 














 
SEARCHING NY Supreme Court, Appellate Division




Docket Number:






Date Range: 

                        to 
Format is YYYYMMDD


 










Federal Courts
United States Supreme Court
1st Circuit Court of Appeals
2nd Circuit Court of Appeals
3rd Circuit Court of Appeals
4th Circuit Court of Appeals
5th Circuit Court of Appeals
6th Circuit Court of Appeals
7th Circuit Court of Appeals
8th Circuit Court of Appeals
 9th Circuit Court of Appeals
10th Circuit Court of Appeals
11th Circuit Court of Appeals
D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals
D.C. Court of Appeals
Federal Circuit Court of Appeals


State Courts
California Supreme Court
Court of Appeals of New York
Supreme Court of Texas
Supreme Court of Florida
Supreme Court of Illinois
Supreme Court of Delaware
Supreme Court of New Jersey
Supreme Court of Ohio
Supreme Court of Minnesota
Supreme Court of Colorado









Browse by Recent Decisions


Description
Date
Docket #


PEOPLE v. McULLIN
July 25, 2017


PALMERI v. WILKIE FARR GALLAGHER LLP
July 25, 2017


The People of the State of New York, Respondent, v. Ramel Bethea, Defendant–Appellant.
July 18, 2017
3312

84150 09 v. Alpha Painting & Construction Co., Inc., et al., Defendants–Respondents.  Alpha Painting & Construction Co., Inc., et al., Third–Party Plaintiffs–Respondents,
July 18, 2017
3286

In the Matter of Fengling Liu, an attorney and counselor-at-law:  Attorney Grievance Committee for the First Judicial Department, Petitioner,
July 18, 2017
M–950



View more decisions »





Browse New York Supreme Court, Appellate Division Opinions

Browse opinions by calendar year:


2017

JAN


FEB


MAR


APR


MAY


JUN


JUL


AUG


SEP


OCT


NOV


DEC



2016

JAN


FEB


MAR


APR


MAY


JUN


JUL


AUG


SEP


OCT


NOV


DEC



2015

JAN


FEB


MAR


APR


MAY


JUN


JUL


AUG


SEP


OCT


NOV


DEC



2014

JAN


FEB


MAR


APR


MAY


JUN


JUL


AUG


SEP


OCT


NOV


DEC



2013

JAN


FEB


MAR


APR


MAY


JUN


JUL


AUG


SEP


OCT


NOV


DEC


View more years »


















FindLaw Career Center





Attorney
Corporate Counsel
Academic
Judicial Clerk
Summer Associate
Intern
Law Librarian
Paralegal
Legal Secretary
Law Enforcement
District Attorney
Legal Investigator
Compliance Officer
Investment Banker
Business Development



                Post a Job  |  View More Jobs 



View More

































Research the law
Manage your practice
Manage your career
News and commentary
Get Legal Forms
About us
Find Us On



Cases & Codes / Opinion Summaries / Sample Business Contracts / Research An Attorney or Law Firm
Law Technology / Law Practice Management / Law Firm Marketing Services / Corporate Counsel Center
Legal Career Job Search / Online CLE / Law Student Resources
Law Commentary / Featured Documents / Newsletters / Blogs / RSS Feeds
Legal Forms for Your Practice
Company History / Media Relations / Contact Us / Privacy / Advertising / Jobs







Copyright © Fri Jul 28 13:01:52 PDT 2017 FindLaw, a Thomson Reuters business. All rights reserved.







Verify real user


























Verify real user













Verify real user


























Verify real user













Sithe/Independence LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg










































  





















































































July 28, 2017 4:01 PM ET
Independent Power and Renewable Electricity Producers

Company Overview of Sithe/Independence LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Sithe/Independence LLC was incorporated in 1990 and is based in Houston, Texas. Sithe/Independence LLC operates as a subsidiary of Dynegy Inc.


601 TravisSuite 1400Houston, TX 77002United StatesFounded in 1990



Phone: 713-507-6400








Key Executives for Sithe/Independence LLC




Mr. Robert C. Flexon


      	President and Chief Executive Officer
      


Age: 59
        




Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 2COR9 LLC United States 8minutenergy Renewables, LLC United States 93LF 8ME LLC United States A & N Electric Cooperative, Inc. United States Abengoa US Operations, LLC United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Sithe/Independence LLC, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Sithe/Independence Equity LLC: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























sithe/independence equity llc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Investment Companies
Sithe/Independence Equity LLC holds an interest in Sithe/Independence Power Partners LP.  The subsidiary generates and sells electricity at wholesale.




Corporate Information
Address:



Phone:
-


Fax:
-























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data




































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Thompson v Sithe/Independence, LLC (2013 NY Slip Op 04134)





Thompson v Sithe/Independence, LLC


2013 NY Slip Op 04134 [107 AD3d 1385]


June 7, 2013


Appellate Division, Fourth Department


Published by New York State Law Reporting
Bureau pursuant to Judiciary Law § 431.

As corrected through Wednesday, July 31, 2013


William R. Thompson,
Respondent-Appellant,vSithe/Independence, LLC, et al.,
Appellants-Respondents.
—[*1]
Smith, Sovik, Kendrick & Sugnet, P.C., Syracuse, Mauro Lilling Naparty LLP,
Woodbury (Anthony F. Destefano of counsel), for defendants-appellants-respondents.
Lipsitz Green Scime Cambria LLP, Buffalo (John A. Collins of counsel), for
plaintiff-respondent-appellant.
Appeal and cross appeal from an order of the Supreme Court, Oswego County
(James W. McCarthy, J.), entered April 23, 2012. The order, inter alia, denied the motion
of plaintiff for partial summary judgment pursuant to Labor Law § 240 (1).
It is hereby ordered that the order so appealed from is modified on the law by
vacating the fifth ordering paragraph, reinstating the sixth and seventh affirmative
defenses, denying plaintiff's motion for leave to amend the bill of particulars to include
the violation of 12 NYCRR 23-1.16 as a basis for the Labor Law § 241 (6) claim
and granting that part of defendants' cross motion for summary judgment dismissing the
Labor Law § 241 (6) claim, and as modified the order is affirmed without costs.
Memorandum: Plaintiff commenced this Labor Law and common-law negligence
action seeking damages for injuries he sustained when he fell from an elevated work site
while working at premises owned by defendants. Defendants contracted with plaintiff's
employer to replace a diffuser in defendants' power plant. At the time of the
accident, plaintiff was attempting to attach a clamp to the diffuser. Plaintiff was provided
with a mechanical lift and a safety harness, but he did not believe that he could reach the
appropriate location with a mechanical lift. Plaintiff removed his harness and climbed out
of the lift, whereupon he fell approximately 10 to 15 feet to the ground. There typically
were drop lines above the work area to which plaintiff could attach his safety harness,
but in the area in which plaintiff was working the drop line had been removed. Plaintiff
moved for partial summary judgment on liability under Labor Law § 240 (1) and
for leave to amend his bill of particulars to assert a violation of 12 NYCRR 23-1.16 as a
basis for his Labor Law § 241 (6) claim. Defendants cross-moved for summary
judgment dismissing the complaint. Defendants appeal and plaintiff cross-appeals from
an order [*2]denying plaintiff's motion for partial
summary judgment, granting plaintiff's motion for leave to amend the bill of particulars,
granting that part of defendants' cross motion with respect to the Labor Law § 200
claim, and sua sponte dismissing defendants' affirmative defenses that plaintiff was a
recalcitrant worker and that his conduct was the sole proximate cause of his injuries.
We conclude that Supreme Court properly denied the motion and that part of the
cross motion with respect to the Labor Law § 240 (1) claim. Contrary to the
parties' contentions, "there are triable issues of fact whether plaintiff was provided with
appropriate safety devices" as contemplated by section 240 (1) (Sistrunk v County of
Onondaga, 89 AD3d 1552, 1552 [2011]; see generally Ortiz v Varsity Holdings, LLC, 18 NY3d
335, 340 [2011]; Cherry v
Time Warner, Inc., 66 AD3d 233, 235-238 [2009]). Specifically, the record
contains conflicting evidence whether plaintiff could safely perform his work with the
assistance of the mechanical lift and safety harness and whether a drop line should have
been available for plaintiff's use.
We further conclude that summary judgment to either plaintiff or defendants on the
issues of whether plaintiff was a recalcitrant worker or whether his conduct was the sole
proximate cause of the accident is inappropriate because there is conflicting evidence in
the record concerning the availability of appropriate safety equipment (see generally Miro v Plaza Constr.
Corp., 9 NY3d 948, 949 [2007]; Thome v Benchmark Main Tr. Assoc., LLC, 86 AD3d
938, 939-940 [2011]; Berrios v 735 Ave. of the Ams., LLC, 82 AD3d 552, 553
[2011]). "[T]he nondelegable duty imposed upon the owner and general contractor under
Labor Law § 240 (1) is not met merely by providing safety instructions or by
making other safety devices available, but [instead is met] by furnishing, placing and
operating such devices so as to give [a worker] proper protection" (Long v Cellino & Barnes,
P.C., 68 AD3d 1706, 1707 [2009] [internal quotation marks omitted]; see Auriemma v Biltmore Theatre,
LLC, 82 AD3d 1, 10-11 [2011]). Although plaintiff concedes that he was
instructed to use a harness, we conclude that "[d]efendants did not establish [a
recalcitrant worker] defense merely by showing that plaintiff was instructed to avoid an
unsafe practice" (Akins v Central N.Y. Regional Mkt. Auth., 275 AD2d 911, 912
[2000]; see Luna v Zoological
Socy. of Buffalo, Inc., 101 AD3d 1745, 1746 [2012]). Because plaintiff is not
entitled to summary judgment on those issues, we agree with defendants that the court
erred in sua sponte dismissing their affirmative defenses asserting that plaintiff was a
recalcitrant worker and that his conduct was the sole proximate cause of the accident. We
therefore modify the order accordingly.
Contrary to the further contentions of defendants and plaintiff, we conclude there is a
triable issue of fact whether the work in which plaintiff was engaged when he was
injured, i.e., replacement of the diffuser, came within the protection of Labor Law
§ 240 (1) (see generally
Kostyo v Schmitt & Behling, LLC, 82 AD3d 1575, 1576 [2011]; Pakenham
v Westmere Realty, LLC, 58 AD3d 986, 987-988 [2009]).
We agree with defendants, however, that the court erred in granting plaintiff's motion
for leave to amend the bill of particulars to include the violation of 12 NYCRR 23-1.16
as a basis for the Labor Law § 241 (6) claim inasmuch as that regulation is
inapplicable to the facts of this case (see generally D'Acunti v New York City School
Constr. Auth., 300 AD2d 107, 107-108 [2002]). Because there is otherwise no basis
for the alleged violation of section 241 (6), we conclude that the court erred in denying
that part of defendants' cross motion with respect to that claim. We therefore further
modify the order accordingly. Section 23-1.16, which sets forth standards for safety belts,
harnesses, tail lines and lifelines, "does not specify when such safety devices are
required" (Partridge v Waterloo
Cent. School Dist., 12 AD3d 1054, 1056 [2004] [emphasis added]; see
generally Kwang Ho Kim v D & W Shin Realty Corp., 47 AD3d 616, 619
[2008]; D'Acunti, 300 AD2d at 107-108; Avendano v Sazerac, Inc., 248
AD2d 340, 341 [1998]).
Finally, we conclude that the court properly granted that part of defendants' cross
motion [*3]for summary judgment dismissing the Labor
Law § 200 claim. Although plaintiff contends that his injury was caused by a
defective condition of the premises, "[p]laintiff's account of the accident establishes that
there was no dangerous condition on the premises which caused the accident, but rather
it was caused by the manner in which [the work] was undertaken" (Lombardi v
Stout, 80 NY2d 290, 295 [1992]; see Ortega v Puccia, 57 AD3d 54, 62-63 [2008]).
All concur except Whalen, J., who dissents in part and votes to modify in accordance
with the following memorandum.
Whalen, J. (dissenting in part). I respectfully dissent in part, because I cannot agree
with the majority's conclusion regarding plaintiff's Labor Law § 241 (6) claim. I
otherwise agree with the remainder of the majority's decision.
Defendants contend, and the majority agrees, that Supreme Court erred in granting
plaintiff's motion for leave to amend the bill of particulars to include the violation of 12
NYCRR 23-1.16 as a basis for the Labor Law § 241 (6) claim. I disagree.
Although the note of issue and certificate of readiness were filed prior to that motion,
plaintiff's reliance upon 12 NYCRR 23-1.16 "raises no new factual allegations or
theories of liability and results in no discernible prejudice to defendant[s]" (Landon v Austin, 88 AD3d
1127, 1129-1130 [2011]; see Ortega v Everest Realty LLC, 84 AD3d 542, 545
[2011]; Ellis v J.M.G., Inc., 31 AD3d 1220, 1221 [2006]). It is clear that
"12 NYCRR 23-1.16 is both applicable to the facts of this case and sufficiently specific
to support the section 241 (6) claim" (Farmer v Central Hudson Gas & Elec.
Corp., 299 AD2d 856, 857 [2002], amended on rearg 302 AD2d 1017
[2003], lv denied 100 NY2d 501 [2003]). The majority concludes that section
23-1.16 is inapplicable to the facts of this case, noting that it sets forth standards for
safety belts, harnesses, tail lines and lifelines but " 'does not specify when such
safety devices are required.' " That conclusion ignores that the record here establishes
that there was a 100% tie-off rule when a worker was working six feet or more above the
ground. Thus, the "when" is established as anytime a worker was working six feet or
more above the ground, as plaintiff was here. The majority also ignores evidence in the
record that there were safety devices in the location of plaintiff's fall at some point during
the job. While plaintiff is not thereby entitled to summary judgment on the section 241
(6) claim, I conclude that the court properly granted the motion for leave to amend the
bill of particulars to allow the issue to be presented to a jury. Present—Scudder,
P.J., Peradotto, Carni, Lindley and Whalen, JJ.



﻿

Company Profile








































 











 Add Company


Sign in with 
Sign in with 




















Add Company


Add Event


Sign in with 


Sign in with 


Android


iPhone









Companies
Events



 Company
 Events






















Message this company



Message the business




































Message this company


Message the business 













 Post your social media updates






































Network























































































Would you like BusinessVibes to send this message to similar companies in this industry?















Profile Visits

Prev. Visits :
Total :
Current :







Share and improve this company’s performance.
Boost this company’s visibility by sharing it with your contacts






About Company
Financial Details













 























































































































X

Receive updates from "Textiles" companies in "India" for free

Receive updates from "Textiles" companies in "India" for free










*



*











Already a BusinessVibes member? Login




What kind of updates will I receive?
 Latest business listings as they become available
 Current trends that are making noise in your industry
 Reports and articles about your market pushed directly to you
 You will also receive early access to the BusinessVibes mobile app


Access to full profiles can help you
 Instantly contact businesses directly
 Pursue and qualify leads for your business
 Research and find business offerings that you seek
 You will also receive early access to the BusinessVibes mobile app








X

We're glad that you're back. Simply Login and unlock full profile



Easy one click Login Don't worry, we never post without your permission.


- - - - - - - - Or - - - - - - - -
Already an active user? Login with your email



*



*
Forgot password?




New to BusinessVibes? Sign up






X


Receive updates from "Textiles" companies in "India" for free




























Already in BusinessVibes? Login




Access to open trade requests can help you
 Find products and services early
 Less Competition for trade requests
 More cost-effective than traditional trade requests







 














 





















THOMPSON v. SITHE INDEPENDENCE LLC LP | FindLaw

























Not a Legal Professional?  Visit our consumer site

Register | Login
Welcome.Edit Your Profile | Log Out
Javascript is disabled. Please enable Javascript to log in.







Search




Cases & Codes
Practice Management
Jobs & Careers
Newsletters
Blogs
Law Technology




Forms
Lawyer Marketing
Corporate Counsel
Law Students
JusticeMail
Reference




















FindLaw
Caselaw
New York
NY Supreme Court, Appellate Division
THOMPSON v. SITHE INDEPENDENCE LLC LP

THOMPSON v. SITHE INDEPENDENCE LLC LP




ResetAA
Font size:
Print








William R. THOMPSON, Plaintiff–Respondent–Appellant, v. SITHE/INDEPENDENCE, LLC, Sithe Energies, Inc., Dynegy Energy Services, Inc., Dynegy Northeast Generation, Inc., Dynegy, Inc. and Sithe/Independence Power Partners, LP, Defendants–Appellants–Respondents.

    Decided: June 07, 2013

		PRESENT: SCUDDER, P.J., PERADOTTO, CARNI, LINDLEY, AND WHALEN, JJ.Smith, Sovik, Kendrick & Sugnet, P.C., Syracuse, Mauro Lilling Naparty LLP, Woodbury (Anthony F. Destefano of Counsel), for Defendants–Appellants–Respondents. Lipsitz Green Scime Cambria LLP, Buffalo (John A. Collins of Counsel), for Plaintiff–Respondent–Appellant.
Plaintiff commenced this Labor Law and common-law negligence action seeking damages for injuries he sustained when he fell from an elevated work site while working at premises owned by defendants. Defendants contracted with plaintiff's employer to replace a diffuser in defendants' power plant. At the time of the accident, plaintiff was attempting to attach a clamp to the diffuser. Plaintiff was provided with a mechanical lift and a safety harness, but he did not believe that he could reach the appropriate location with a mechanical lift. Plaintiff removed his harness and climbed out of the lift, whereupon he fell approximately 10 to 15 feet to the ground. There typically were drop lines above the work area to which plaintiff could attach his safety harness, but in the area in which plaintiff was working the drop line had been removed. Plaintiff moved for partial summary judgment on liability under Labor Law § 240(1) and for leave to amend his bill of particulars to assert a violation of 12 NYCRR 23–1.16 as a basis for his Labor Law § 241(6) claim. Defendants cross-moved for summary judgment dismissing the complaint. Defendants appeal and plaintiff cross-appeals from an order denying plaintiff's motion for partial summary judgment, granting plaintiff's motion for leave to amend the bill of particulars, granting that part of defendants' cross motion with respect to the Labor Law § 200 claim, and sua sponte dismissing defendants' affirmative defenses that plaintiff was a recalcitrant worker and that his conduct was the sole proximate cause of his injuries.We conclude that Supreme Court properly denied the motion and that part of the cross motion with respect to the Labor Law § 240(1) claim. Contrary to the parties' contentions, “there are triable issues of fact whether plaintiff was provided with appropriate safety devices” as contemplated by section 240(1) (Sistrunk v. County of Onondaga, 89 AD3d 1552, 1552; see generally Ortiz v. Varsity Holdings, LLC, 18 NY3d 335, 340; Cherry v. Time Warner, Inc., 66 AD3d 233, 235–238). Specifically, the record contains conflicting evidence whether plaintiff could safely perform his work with the assistance of the mechanical lift and safety harness and whether a drop line should have been available for plaintiff's use.We further conclude that summary judgment to either plaintiff or defendants on the issues of whether plaintiff was a recalcitrant worker or whether his conduct was the sole proximate cause of the accident is inappropriate because there is conflicting evidence in the record concerning the availability of appropriate safety equipment (see generally Miro v. Plaza Constr. Corp., 9 NY3d 948, 949; Thome v. Benchmark Main Tr. Assoc., LLC, 86 AD3d 938, 939–940; Berrios v. 735 Ave. of the Ams., LLC, 82 AD3d 552, 553). “[T]he nondelegable duty imposed upon the owner and general contractor under Labor Law § 240(1) is not met merely by providing safety instructions or by making other safety devices available, but [instead is met] by furnishing, placing and operating such devices so as to give [a worker] proper protection” (Long v. Cellino & Barnes, P.C., 68 AD3d 1706, 1707 [internal quotation marks omitted]; see Auriemma v. Biltmore Theatre, LLC, 82 AD3d 1, 10–11). Although plaintiff concedes that he was instructed to use a harness, we conclude that “[d]efendants did not establish [a recalcitrant worker] defense merely by showing that plaintiff was instructed to avoid an unsafe practice” (Akins v. Central N.Y. Regional Mkt. Auth., 275 A.D.2d 911, 912; see Luna v. Zoological Socy. of Buffalo, Inc., 101 AD3d 1745, 1746). Because plaintiff is not entitled to summary judgment on those issues, we agree with defendants that the court erred in sua sponte dismissing their affirmative defenses asserting that plaintiff was a recalcitrant worker and that his conduct was the sole proximate cause of the accident. We therefore modify the order accordingly.Contrary to the further contentions of defendants and plaintiff, we conclude there is a triable issue of fact whether the work in which plaintiff was engaged when he was injured, i.e., replacement of the diffuser, came within the protection of Labor Law § 240(1) (see generally Kostyo v. Schmitt & Behling, LLC, 82 AD3d 1575, 1576; Pakenham v. Westmere Realty, LLC, 58 AD3d 986, 987–988).We agree with defendants, however, that the court erred in granting plaintiff's motion for leave to amend the bill of particulars to include the violation of 12 NYCRR 23–1.16 as a basis for the Labor Law § 241(6) claim inasmuch as that regulation is inapplicable to the facts of this case (see generally D'Acunti v. New York City Sch. Constr. Auth., 300 A.D.2d 107, 107–108). Because there is otherwise no basis for the alleged violation of section 241(6), we conclude that the court erred in denying that part of defendants' cross motion with respect to that claim. We therefore further modify the order accordingly. Section 23–1.16, which sets forth standards for safety belts, harnesses, tail lines and lifelines, “does not specify when such safety devices are required” (Partridge v. Waterloo Cent. Sch. Dist., 12 AD3d 1054, 1056 [emphasis added]; see generally Kwang Ho Kim v. D & W Shin Realty Corp., 47 AD3d 616, 619; D'Acunti, 300 A.D.2d at 107–108; Avendano v. Sazerac, Inc., 248 A.D.2d 340, 341).Finally, we conclude that the court properly granted that part of defendants' cross motion for summary judgment dismissing the Labor Law § 200 claim. Although plaintiff contends that his injury was caused by a defective condition of the premises, “[p]laintiff's account of the accident establishes that there was no dangerous condition on the premises which caused the accident, but rather it was caused by the manner in which [the work] was undertaken” (Lombardi v. Stout, 80 N.Y.2d 290, 295; see Ortega v. Puccia, 57 AD3d 54, 62–63).All concur except Whalen, J., who dissents in part and votes to modify in accordance with the following Memorandum: I respectfully dissent in part, because I cannot agree with the majority's conclusion regarding plaintiff's Labor Law § 241(6) claim. I otherwise agree with the remainder of the majority's decision.Defendants contend, and the majority agrees, that Supreme Court erred in granting plaintiff's motion for leave to amend the bill of particulars to include the violation of 12 NYCRR 23–1.16 as a basis for the Labor Law § 241(6) claim. I disagree. Although the note of issue and certificate of readiness were filed prior to that motion, plaintiff's reliance upon 12 NYCRR 23–1.16 “raises no new factual allegations or theories of liability and results in no discernible prejudice to defendant[s]” (Landon v. Austin, 88 AD3d 1127, 1129–1130; see Ortega v. Everest Realty LLC, 84 AD3d 542, 545; Ellis v. J.M.G., Inc., 31 AD3d 1220, 1221). It is clear that “12 NYCRR 23–1.16 is both applicable to the facts of this case and sufficiently specific to support the section 241(6) claim” (Farmer v. Central Hudson Gas & Elec. Corp., 299 A.D.2d 856, 857, amended on rearg 302 A.D.2d 1017, lv. denied 100 N.Y.2d 501). The majority concludes that section 23–1.16 is inapplicable to the facts of this case, noting that it sets forth standards for safety belts, harnesses, tail lines and lifelines but “ ‘does not specify when such safety devices are required.’ “ That conclusion ignores that the record here establishes that there was a 100% tie-off rule when a worker was working six feet or more above the ground. Thus, the “when” is established as anytime a worker was working six feet or more above the ground, as plaintiff was here. The majority also ignores evidence in the record that there were safety devices in the location of plaintiff's fall at some point during the job. While plaintiff is not thereby entitled to summary judgment on the section 241(6) claim, I conclude that the court properly granted the motion for leave to amend the bill of particulars to allow the issue to be presented to a jury.It is hereby ORDERED that the order so appealed from is modified on the law by vacating the fifth ordering paragraph, reinstating the sixth and seventh affirmative defenses, denying plaintiff's motion for leave to amend the bill of particulars to include the violation of 12 NYCRR 23–1.16 as a basis for the Labor Law § 241(6) claim and granting that part of defendants' cross motion for summary judgment dismissing the Labor Law § 241(6) claim, and as modified the order is affirmed without costs.MEMORANDUM:



















FindLaw Career Center





Attorney
Corporate Counsel
Academic
Judicial Clerk
Summer Associate
Intern
Law Librarian
Paralegal
Legal Secretary
Law Enforcement
District Attorney
Legal Investigator
Compliance Officer
Investment Banker
Business Development



                Post a Job  |  View More Jobs 



View More

































Research the law
Manage your practice
Manage your career
News and commentary
Get Legal Forms
About us
Find Us On



Cases & Codes / Opinion Summaries / Sample Business Contracts / Research An Attorney or Law Firm
Law Technology / Law Practice Management / Law Firm Marketing Services / Corporate Counsel Center
Legal Career Job Search / Online CLE / Law Student Resources
Law Commentary / Featured Documents / Newsletters / Blogs / RSS Feeds
Legal Forms for Your Practice
Company History / Media Relations / Contact Us / Privacy / Advertising / Jobs







Copyright © Fri Jul 28 13:01:53 PDT 2017 FindLaw, a Thomson Reuters business. All rights reserved.





Sithe Independence Station








Home
People

Search People


Groups

Add Your Group
Search Groups


Facilities

Add a Facility
My Community
US National Map
US Heat Map

McNeil Biomass Incinerator Map
Coal Death Map
Facility Search
Advanced Facility Search
Corporations Search


Events

Add Your Event
Calendar



Resources

Add a Resource
Browse Resources
Search Resources
Add a Category


About

Help
Instructions
Ideas for Using the Site
Project Blog
Get Involved
Links
Data



Login

Sithe Independence Station           1086.1 MWAddress76 Independence WayOswego, NY 13126United StatesOswego County	Latitude: 43.49551Longitude: -76.44975Year Opened: 1994Water Source: MunicipalityEditsLog In to edit this entrySuggest a Change to this EntryTake ActionRequest Control of this FacilityData Sources
EIA 2008
EIA 2012 Form 860
EIA 2014 Form 860Updated on  12-31-2008     CORPORATIONSNameRelationOwnershipMitex Inc.Owner10%Sithe/Independence LLCOwner1%Sithe Energies USAOwner44%Sithe Energies IncOwner5%Sithe/Independence Equity LLCOwner40%PEOPLEPerson InterestTo suggest a location change, you can drag the marker above.View Area in a Larger MapMore nearby facilities

											Reason for the location change  
										(a website link to your source is very helpful)
										

Environmental Justice AnalysisDistance (miles)0
2.5
5
10
25American Indian0.4%0.4%0.4%0.3%0.4%Asian0.8%0.8%0.8%1.3%0.7%Black1.4%1.4%0.8%1.5%1.0%Hispanic2.6%2.6%3.6%3.7%2.5%White94.6%94.6%93.3%92.3%94.5% Population7987988,51431k88kIncome$53k$47k$44k$49kVisualize demographics on Justice Map Unit InformationPowerTypeStatusFuel169 MWBurner: Internal Combustion Engine - Combined CycleOperatingNatural Gas 169 MWBurner: Internal Combustion Engine - Combined CycleOperatingNatural Gas 169 MWBurner: Internal Combustion Engine - Combined CycleOperatingNatural Gas 170 MWBurner: Internal Combustion Engine - Combined CycleOperatingNatural Gas 205 MWBurner: Internal Combustion Engine - Combined CycleOperatingNatural Gas 205 MWBurner: Internal Combustion Engine - Combined CycleOperatingNatural Gas More DetailsEstimated Electricity Production and Carbon Intensity Tons CO2MWh EnergyIntensity2000 710,8901,686,400422present  1,169,8002,902,600403future 1,169,8002,902,600403The average US citizen produces 19 tons of CO2.This power plant produces as much CO2 as 61,568 people.COMMENTSLog in to write a comment.  [Home]   [People]   [Groups]   [Facilities]   [Resources]   [Events]   [Issues]   [About]     [Sitemap]A Project of Energy Justice 