 

Private funds - Macquarie Infrastructure and Real Assets (MIRA) 





























Skip to content


macquarie.com








About Macquarie



About Macquarie Group


Investor Relations


Careers


Related Sites


Contact


Site Map





 International sites







              Select a country:
            



 Australia


 Indonesia


 South Africa




 Austria


 Ireland


 Sweden




 Brazil


 Japan


 Switzerland




 Canada


 Korea


 Taiwan




 China


 Malaysia


 Thailand




 France


 Netherlands


 United Arab Emirates




 Germany


 New Zealand


 United Kingdom




 Hong Kong


 Philippines


 United States




 India


 Singapore
























 




   




        
    



Overview

About MIRA

Our people
Investment and management
Part of the community
Awards
Contact us



Investment and capabilities

Global portfolio
Infrastructure
Real estate
Agriculture
Energy
Insurance services



Our funds

Public funds
Private funds
Previously managed funds



Contact us

Office locations









MIRA Funds»
Our funds»
Private funds






Our funds


Public funds


Private funds


Previously managed funds








Private funds


        
    


Private funds
The funds on this page are currently closed to new investors.
Further information on some of our private funds is provided via the links to their individual websites below. Please note that in some cases the fund website is only open to existing investors.
Macquarie Asia Infrastructure FundMacquarie Asia Infrastructure Fund (MAIF) is a 10-year closed end fund targeting infrastructure investments in Greater China, India, Korea, Japan, Australia, New Zealand, and investment grade South East Asia.
Macquarie Crop PartnersMacquarie Crop Partners (MCP) owns and operates large-scale grain and oilseed production assets in Australia and Brazil. The fund has developed and operates nine farms with approximately 83,000 hectares of cropping land in Australia, and three farms with approximately 37,000 hectares of cropping land in Brazil.
Macquarie European Infrastructure FundMacquarie European Infrastructure Fund (MEIF) is a wholesale investment fund that was established to invest in infrastructure and related businesses located in European OECD countries. MEIF aims to deliver sustainable cash yields and moderate capital growth from its diversified portfolio of quality infrastructure investments.
www.macquarie.co.uk/mgl/uk/meif/meif
Macquarie European Infrastructure Fund 2Macquarie European Infrastructure Fund 2 (MEIF2) is a wholesale investment vehicle with a mandate to invest in infrastructure businesses located in EU member states, Norway, Switzerland and other countries joining the EU on set dates during the commitment period. 
www.macquarie.co.uk/mgl/uk/meif/meif-2
Macquarie European Infrastructure Fund 3Macquarie European Infrastructure Fund 3 (MEIF3) was launched following the success of MEIF1 and MEIF2, to take advantage of the growing number of infrastructure investment opportunities within the expanding European Union. Like its successful predecessor funds, MEIF3 invests in businesses that provide an essential service to the community, have a strong competitive position, and generate stable cashflows over the long term.
www.macquarie.co.uk/mgl/uk/meif/meif-3
Macquarie European Infrastructure Fund 4Macquarie European Infrastructure Fund 4 (MEIF4) is a wholesale investment fund that was established to invest in infrastructure businesses located in EU member states, Norway, Switzerland and Iceland. The fund is targeting core infrastructure investments providing essential services under predictable regulatory regimes and/or subject to long-term contracts.
www.macquarie.co.uk/mgl/uk/meif/meif-4

Macquarie Global Infrastructure Fund IIMacquarie Global Infrastructure Fund II (GIF II) is a 10-year closed-end fund focusing on infrastructure investments outside of Australia.
www.macquarie.com/mgl/com/gif/gif-2
Macquarie Global Infrastructure Fund IIIMacquarie Global Infrastructure Fund III (GIF III) is a 10-year closed-end fund with a focus on infrastructure or infrastructure-like assets in the OECD.
www.macquarie.com/mgl/com/gif/gif-3

Macquarie Greater China Infrastructure FundMacquarie Greater China Infrastructure Fund (MGCIF) is a 10-year closed-end fund that focuses on investments in infrastructure assets in Greater China. MGCIF targets investments in operating infrastructure assets that provide essential services to the local community and industry.
Macquarie Infrastructure PartnersMacquarie Infrastructure Partners (MIP) is a 10-year closed-end fund that focuses on investments in infrastructure and related assets in the US and Canada.
Macquarie Infrastructure Partners IIMacquarie Infrastructure Partners II (MIP II) is a 10-year closed-end fund that focuses on investments in infrastructure and related assets in the US, Canada and Mexico.
Macquarie Infrastructure Partners IIIMacquarie Infrastructure Partners III (MIP III) is a 10-year closed-end fund that focuses on investments in infrastructure and related assets in the US and Canada.
Macquarie Russia & CIS Infrastructure FundMacquarie Russia & CIS Infrastructure Fund (MRIF) is the first major private fund dedicated to investing in infrastructure in Russia and other key Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS) countries, mandated to make equity and equity-related investments in a diversified portfolio of infrastructure assets. The fund has a number of major investors including leading international development banks.
Korea Macquarie Growth FundKorea Macquarie Growth Fund (KMGF) was established as an unlisted private equity fund mandated to invest into under Korean Financial Investment Services and Capital Markets Act (FSCMA) in November 2010 to provide Korean and non-Korean investors with opportunities to invest in infrastructure, utilities and renewable assets across Korea.
Macquarie Korea Opportunities FundMacquarie Korea Opportunities Fund (MKOF) was established under Korean Financial Investment Services and Capital Markets Act (FSCMA) in December 2005 to provide Korean and non-Korean investors with opportunities to invest in infrastructure type businesses such as energy, power, gas, water, cable, communications, broadcasting, media infrastructure, social infrastructure, transport infrastructure and general infrastructure.
Macquarie SBI Infrastructure FundMacquarie SBI Infrastructure Fund (MSIF) is an unlisted private equity style infrastructure fund with approximately $US910 million of committed capital. The fund provides its investors located outside of India opportunities to invest in infrastructure and infrastructure-like assets in India. MSIF is managed by Macquarie SBI Infrastructure Management Pte Limited (MSIMPL), a joint venture between Macquarie, the State Bank of India and the International Finance Corporation. 
SBI Macquarie Infrastructure TrustSBI Macquarie Infrastructure Trust (SMIT) is an unlisted private equity style infrastructure fund with approximately $US260 million of committed capital. The fund provides its investors located in India opportunities to invest in infrastructure and infrastructure-like assets in India.SMIT is managed by SBI Macquarie Infrastructure Management Pte Limited (SMIMPL), which is a joint venture between Macquarie, the State Bank of India and the International Finance Corporation.MSIF and SMIT may choose to co-invest into opportunities that fall within both of their investment mandates. 
Philippine Investment Alliance for InfrastructureThe Philippine Investment Alliance for Infrastructure (PINAI) is a 10-year, closed-end fund, dedicated to investment in infrastructure in the Philippines.
www.mirafunds.com/our-funds/pinai

Real Estate 
Macquarie Real Estate Equity Fund SeriesMacquarie Real Estate Equity Fund Series (MREEF) was established in 2002. This is a series of seven unlisted real estate funds with exposure to diversified property development and trading opportunities in major Australian metropolitan centres.
Macquarie China Retail Company 1 LimitedEstablished in 2011, Macquarie China Retail Company 1 Limited (MCRC) aims to build a geographically diversified portfolio of China retail property.











Important information


Privacy policy


Careers


Contact


Site map





       © Macquarie Group Limited
    




       This information is a general description of the Macquarie Infrastructure and Real Assets division (MIRA) only. Before acting on any information, you should consider the appropriateness of it having regard to your particular objectives, financial situation and needs and seek advice. No information set out above constitutes advice, an advertisement, an invitation, an offer or a solicitation, to buy or sell any financial product or security or to engage in any investment activity, or an offer of any banking or financial service. Some products and/or services mentioned on this website may not be suitable for you and may not be available in all jurisdictions.
    

       The Macquarie Group entities noted on this page are not authorized deposit-taking institutions for the purposes of the Banking Act 1959 (Commonwealth of Australia). Their obligations do not represent deposits or other liabilities of Macquarie Bank Limited (ABN 46 008 583 542) (MBL). MBL does not guarantee or otherwise provide assurance in respect of the obligations of those entities.
    

       The Fund information on this website is general in nature. All securities and financial product or instrument transactions involve risks. Past performance is not a reliable indication of future performance.
    










Sivia Opportunities Fund, LP - Series 3 - Pooled Investment Fund- Assure Fund Management Ii  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









Sivia Opportunities Fund, LP - Series 3

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    113 Cherry St #27167  
    Seattle, WA, 98104Phone: 8017133508 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-11-16


Amended


$825,675


$0


Other


06b 3C 3C.1


SEC link




	2015-12-10


New


$825,675


$825,675


Other


06b 3C 3C.1


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Llc Assure Fund Management Ii 
 Director, Executive 


 Jens Beyrich 
 Executive 


 Mateo Johnson 
 Executive 


 Ben Mahdavi 
 Executive 


 Julie Meissner 
 Executive 


 Llc Sivia Capital Investments, 
 Executive 










 

Ben Mahdavi's involvement in venture capital (via Tacit Capital Lp, Sivia Opportunities Fund Lp - Series 1, Tacit Capital Fund Lp - Series 1, Tacit Capital Fund Lp - Series 3, Sivia Opportunities Fund Lp - Series 3, Tacit Capital Fund Lp - Series 4, Tacit Capital Fund Lp - Series 5, Tacit Capital Fund Lp - Series 6)































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/people/189162-ben-mahdavisection=people&subsection=detail&id=189162




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


BenMahdaviGet alertedif Ben Mahdavi gets funded!Ben MahdaviTacit Capital Lp - Executive OfficerSivia Opportunities Fund Lp - Series 1 - Executive OfficerTacit Capital Fund Lp - Series 1 - Executive OfficerTacit Capital Fund Lp - Series 3 - Executive OfficerSivia Opportunities Fund Lp - Series 3 - Executive OfficerTacit Capital Fund Lp - Series 4 - Executive OfficerTacit Capital Fund Lp - Series 5 - Executive OfficerTacit Capital Fund Lp - Series 6 - Executive OfficerDeals involving Ben Mahdavi$6,415,738 raised with Tacit Capital Lp on April, 2015$2,565,000 raised with Tacit Capital Lp on April, 2014$2,715,000 raised with Sivia Opportunities Fund Lp - Series 1 on May, 2016$2,715,000 raised with Sivia Opportunities Fund Lp - Series 1 on May, 2015$8,689,667 raised with Tacit Capital Fund Lp - Series 1 on June, 2015$1,936,000 raised with Tacit Capital Fund Lp - Series 3 on December, 2015$825,675 raised with Sivia Opportunities Fund Lp - Series 3 on December, 2015$630,000 raised with Tacit Capital Fund Lp - Series 4 on May, 2016$630,000 raised with Tacit Capital Fund Lp - Series 4 on February, 2016$2,080,000 raised with Tacit Capital Fund Lp - Series 5 on May, 2016$2,080,000 raised with Tacit Capital Fund Lp - Series 5 on April, 2016$1,030,000 raised with Tacit Capital Fund Lp - Series 6 on May, 2016Please note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Some of the profile information was collected using the Crunchbase API. For more details on the profile, please check Ben Mahdavi on Crunchbase.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment!

Vaporizer industry takes a page from Apple's book



   
















  
































X












&times















&times















&times















&times


















Business



Business


Earnings


Transportation


Defense


Materials and Metals




Vaporizer industry takes a page from Apple's book


• Vaporizer companies are seeing huge growth as more states legalize marijuana• As the industry grows, the technology is becoming more high-tech




Chris Morris													| @MorrisatLarge

Thursday, 20 Apr 2017 |  3:07  PM ETCNBC.com



SHARES












  
Robyn Beck | AFP | Getty Images
A man calling himself Henry Hemp inhales marijuana using a vaporizer pen at HempCon medical marijuana show.


As more states legalize medical and recreational marijuana, the pot culture is spawning some big side industries.
Vaporizers, which were already seeing growth from people shifting away from traditional cigarettes, have seen a sales surge as cannabis legalization has spread. Widely used by marijuana enthusiasts, vapes have historically been low-cost, low-tech products. But many in the industry are now adopting business models that are more in line with tech giants like Apple, Samsung and Sony as a means to grow sales.
On April 20, the unofficial appreciation day for marijuana and a Black Friday-like event for vape manufacturers, it might first help to get a sense of the size of the vape market.

Exact numbers are tough to come by because manufacturers are privately held. Most vaporizers are sold either directly from company websites or in tobacco and vapor shops, where groups like Nielsen have limited tracking.
While there are some outlandish claims putting the market in the $10 billion-plus range, that seems unlikely. The Winston-Salem Journal estimated vaporizer sales (excluding e-cigarettes) would hit $2.5 billion last year. Namaste Technologies, a leading Internet marketer of vaporizers and accessories, has predicted it will generate revenue of $15.7 million Canadian ($11.7 million U.S.) this fiscal year, and $24.9 million Canadian ($18.5 million U.S.) for the fiscal year ending August 31, 2018. It expects revenues to increase 35 percent each year through 2020.
Top vape manufacturers, though, say they're seeing annual growth rates of several hundred percent year over year. A big part of that is the decision by many to aggressively market high-end, high-dollar products that feature regular upgrades.







show chapters





 



 




				    	                 
            Year of the 'vape?'   
			                        Monday,  5 Jan 2015 |  7:19  AM ET |  02:43 




"I think the reason you're seeing more premium vaporizers on the market is because it's getting more competitive," said Pantelis Ataliotis, president of Dr. Dabber. "It's getting tougher to stand out in the crowd ... with a standard vaporizer."
"There's always room for great innovation," said Tyler Goldman, CEO at leading vaporizer manufacturer PAX Labs. "Like in any typical tech business, the top companies are likely to be the few who have better offerings. Consumers migrate quickly to the best products."
It's a strategy that's luring investors. In 2015, San Francisco-based Pax announced it had closed a $46.7 million Series C funding round, with Fidelity Management & Research Company and Sivia Capital among the investors.
Pax says that it has sold more than 1 million of its Pax 1, Pax 2 and Pax 3 devices, which sell for up to $275. Last September, the company released Pax Era, a $60 product for people who prefer to consume liquids or oils. The Era already has a 20 percent share of the market in Colorado, Goldman said.
Over at KandyPens, another vape company, sales increased 350 percent last year to $6.5 million, founder and CEO Graham Gibson said. The company aims to cross $10 million this year.
Rather than relying on word of mouth for sales, as some vape companies do, KandyPens aggressively markets its products to consumers. It's run full-page ads in publications like Rolling Stone and snagged celebrity endorsements with the likes of DJ Khaled.
KandyPens follows Apple's example of offering new products each year. Some 25 to 30 percent of the company's existing customers upgrade when those roll out, even if the products aren't dramatically different, Gibson said.
"Last March, we launched the Gravity. This year, in January, we launched the Elite. It's the same pen with a different finish and a different name — and we charged $10 more per unit," Gibson said. "Once people are sold on a brand, they'll buy whatever product you have coming out. And they'll give their old product to a friend."
The growth rate at Dr. Dabber has been just as impressive. Ataliotis estimates a sales increase of 400 percent to 500 percent over the past two years. And while he won't make that same prediction for upcoming years, he's optimistic about the growth potential.
"Because this industry is so new, there are so many opportunities to make new products," he said. "It's not like everything that can be thought up has been thought up. ... What's out on the market is, for the most part, all the same. There's a lot of room for innovation."
The market territory for vape companies is also expanding rapidly as more states pass marijuana laws. That has some manufacturers considering options like an initial public offering. Ataliotis says that's an idea Dr. Dabber toys with frequently, though no plans are imminent.
"We've been approached about it," Ataliotis said. "We're very dynamic and good at adapting to what's going on. ... It would definitely be something we'd consider."
Watch: Simplifying the pot experience







show chapters





 



 




				    	                 
            O.pen Vape: Simplifying the pot experience   
			                        Wednesday, 26 Feb 2014 | 11:40  AM ET 












Chris MorrisSpecial to CNBC


Related Securities




Symbol
Price
 
Change
%Change




AAPL

---













































To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again.





Playing




Share this video...


×


Watch Next...




























































Products Archive - Page 3 of 4 - MRI
















































Skip to content












Commercial 


X



 Innovative Commercial Solutions
Property Management  Commercial Management
Corporate Real Estate
Advanced Retail
LeaseFlow

Building & Tenant Operations  Tenant Connect
Property Operations Workspeed

Financials  Accounts Payable
Enterprise & General Ledger
Corporate AR
Budgeting & Forecasting
JobCost

Empowering Flexibility  Audit Trail
MRI Application Toolkit
MRI Application Exchange (MAX)
MRI Information Exchange (MIX)
MRI SaaS
ViewPoint










Corporate 


X



 Efficient Corporate Management Solutions
Financials  Accounts Payable
Enterprise & General Ledger

Empowering Flexibility  Audit Trail
MRI Application Toolkit
MRI Application eXchange (MAX)
MRI Information eXchange (MIX)
SaaS Solutions
ViewPoint










Multifamily 


X



 Intuitive Multifamily Solutions
Property Management  Residential Management
Affordable Housing Bostonpost
CondoPlus
DHCR

Prospect & Resident Engagement  Market Connect
Prospect Connect
Resident Connect

Financials  Accounts Payable
Enterprise & General Ledger
Budgeting & Forecasting
JobCost

Empowering Flexibility  Audit Trail
MRI Application Toolkit
MRI Application Exchange (MAX)
MRI Information Exchange (MIX)
MRI SaaS
ViewPoint










Investment 


X



 Powerful Investment Solutions  Global Valuations
Asset Management
Debt Management
Fund Management﻿
Analytix Portal










Support 


X



 Global Client Support  myMRI
Concierge Support Packages
MRI Users Group
Order Supplies

Global Professional Services  Training










Partners
About MRI 


X



 Overview  Leadership Team
Contact
News
Blog
Events
Client Referrals










Careers
Training
My MRI













CondoPlus


CondoPlus
Newly Introduced Module for Condo, Co-Op, and HOA Operators
Specifically tailored for the unique requirements of the market, CondoPlus operates within MRI’s industry leading Residential Management and Accounting platforms. Whether you specialize in or have condominium, cooperatives, or homeowners associations within your portfolio, CondoPlus allows you to manage your operations according to how you want to do business.
Manage your board activity with ease! With CondoPlus, you are able to track and manage your board member information, administer and record votes and voting activity, communicate with board members, as well as manage association documents. Additionally, users have the ability to access a vote report to research and verify past results.






Affordable Housing Bostonpost


Affordable Housing Property Management
A Web-Based Affordable Housing Compliance & Administration Solution

MRI Affordable Housing Bostonpost specializes in affordable housing software. We provide web-based software and services to affordable housing managers working with subsidy programs from HUD, USDA, Tax Credits, HOME, and Public Housing. Our customers use Bostonpost Property Manager® software to reduce the administrative workload on their property managers and increase compliance with any mix of affordable housing funding programs.
The Bostonpost software was designed from the start to handle the complex mix of funding programs that is common today. Whether you are managing properties with just project based vouchers, or properties rehabilitated with tax credit funding, or newer properties with complex layered funding, or anything in between, the Bostonpost system can help you manage all of it with one system that property managers can handle with ease. In one application, you have everything needed to automate, monitor, and streamline property management operations.

 
 
 
 
 
 






Global Valuations



MRI Global Valuations
Unleash a powerful new approach to global valuations.
At MRI, we design our software to support your business. Our Global Valuations solution is a portable platform that provides an intuitive user interface designed to support your workflow. Our sophisticated calculation engine has been utilized by global companies to accurately calculate property valuations for more than five years.
Our solution enables you to:
※ Quickly, easily and accurately create and maintain the cashflows and rent roll for multiple property types in order to calculate accurate valuations using regional valuation methodologies
※ Calculate multiple valuation methodologies and compare them side-by-side
※ Quickly and easily model multiple “what if” scenarios before arriving at a final valuation conclusion

Want to learn more? Download our brochure below.






Debt Management


 
MRI Debt Management
Optimize your debt position through responsible management of debt
MRI Debt Management provides a central repository for all your debt contracts along with the industries foremost debt calculation and reporting functionality. This combined with seamless integration of asset cash-flows provides a comprehensive view of your debt position
Our solution enables you to:

Model a myriad of debt types along with the ability to model future loan payments and obligations
View levered returns and mitigate risk using  high-level and in-depth holistic analyses using source data
Perform detailed analysis and optimize your debt positions and potential refinancing opportunities


 
Want to know more?
Learn how MRI Debt Management can empower your portfolio.







Investment Management


MRI Investment Management
End-to-End Financial Modeling Solutions for Real Estate Investors
MRI’s award-winning property management and account platform now delivers comprehensive financial modeling software for real estate investors. MRI Investment Management empowers you to accurately forecast performance and create model scenarios in order to build your strategic plan, make decisions, and transact efficiently within the real estate ecosystem.
To see how MRI Investment Management provides a complete strategic modeling and risk management solution, explore our solutions:

                                      
 





Fund Management﻿


 
MRI Fund Management
Optimize portfolio performance with real financial insights
MRI Fund provides a clear and accurate picture of your fund structure and its value, risk factors and constraint parameters. This empowers you to accurately forecast performance and to test scenarios in order to build your strategic plan, make decisions, and transact efficiently within the real estate ecosystem.

Learn more:






Asset Management



MRI Asset Management
Optimize property performance using calculated insights
At MRI, we understand asset management. We’ve been building global asset management solutions for more than 20 years. Our Asset Management solution provides a powerful, collaborative SaaS-powered environment designed to enable the creation and maintenance of your property and portfolio strategy. We understand the magnitude of the task and provide tools to enable you to complete your strategy as quickly and efficiently as possible.
Our solution enables you to:
※ Integrate tightly with your property management and accounting system to ensure up-to-date physical unit inventory, contractual lease parameters, and financial actuals
※ Easily manage your global assumptions
※ Perform a myriad of “what-if” scenarios to stay on top of changing market conditions and the impact on the performance of your properties and portfolio
※ Collaborate with the appraisers, brokers, and lenders that are part of your portfolio ecosystem



Learn more about Asset Management:






Analytix Portal



MRI Analytix Portal
Unleash a powerful approach to real estate business intelligence
MRI Software’s Analytix Portal provides analysts with an out-of-the-box solution to easily garner real insights from financial and real estate data. Add the Analytix Portal to an Investment Management solution for fund, debt, and asset management capabilities.

 
Want to learn more? Download our brochure below:







ViewPoint


MRI ViewPoint
Asset and Portfolio Management From Your Point of View
Gather and analyze information and quickly apply it across their entire enterprise have a clear advantage. ViewPoint, a powerful executive browser-based information system, gives you the power to bring together all of your property management information. Analyze data from any perspective with the use of drill-down queries, alerts, user defined events, in-depth analysis, and benchmarking tools. The result is superior control over day-to-day operations and concise, accurate intelligence to support long-range strategic planning.

 





SaaS Solutions


SaaS Solutions
MRI’s award-winning SaaS environment includes flexible options to meet your business needs
Enjoy the cost savings, remote access, and overall peace of mind that SaaS will bring to your organization. MRI’s award-winning SaaS solutions allows you to focus on your business rather than IT headaches.

MRI SaaS Core: Our award-winning MRI SaaS Core environment provides real-time, reliable access to clients’ data, and includes extensive data backup and recovery services within MRI’s Tier III+ data centers
 

MRI SaaS Flex: For organizations that require a greater degree of flexibility, MRI SaaS Flex provides a private application server. Clients experience enhanced control over upgrade schedules, add-on installations, and receive MRI’s Concierge Support Package
 

MRI SaaS Prime: For organizations with the highest requirements in separated environments, MRI SaaS Prime provides a completely private experience. Along with the private application server and Concierge Support Package included with SaaS Flex, clients are provided unique SQL servers, Citrix Apps, and Disaster Recovery servers to allow for a truly prime environment.
 

 
Want to learn more? Download our product brochure and whitepaper below:


 
 
 





MRI Application eXchange (MAX)


MRI Application eXchange (MAX)
eXchange ideas with your peers and implement a variety of client-created customizations
What is MAX?
MAX, which stands for MRI Application Exchange, is a place where our clients can download and upload customizations. These customizations (we call them “apps”) range from custom reports, custom pages, custom views, custom utilities, to complete custom apps.
As an innovative products company, we have a long and successful history of delivering the right solutions at the right time. Often our clients take our innovations and further extend functionality by using our ToolKit solutions. Not only can clients download apps from MAX, they can (and are encouraged) to submit their own apps to MAX so that other clients can download them. Clients can also rate the apps and leave feedback so that others can benefit from their experience!
With MAX and the sharing and collaboration it enables, we expand our philosophy to where we are empowering an innovative products community. It is truly a community that is powered by our state-of-the-art products and our people.







MRI Application Toolkit


MRI Application Toolkit
Powering Maximum Flexibility
At MRI Software, we feel it is important to offer options and choices that best fit your property management needs. MRI Software provides the flexibility to create a complete made-to-order solution.
With other property management solutions, you are forced to adapt your business practices to fit their software. MRI Software delivers configuration without compromise, giving control back to the user.


 












x











 



Home | Opportunity Fund


































BLOG

facebook
linked
twitter
instagram
youtube






Opportunity Fund working capital for working people


MediaBlog
Press
Press Releases
Publications

Contact
AboutBoards
Management Team
Institutional Donors
Investors
History
Careers
Awards + Honors
Annual Reports + Financials





Newsletter Sign-up









$61 Million Invested in 2016
2,211 loans and 6,485 jobs created and retained
Learn more >>







Closing the Opportunity Gap
4,812 families served in 2016
Learn more >>







Building Brighter Futures
341 savings accounts opened in 2016
Learn more >>







Driving Economic Mobility in California
$516 Million invested in microfinanceLearn more >>







Join Us for an Upcoming Event
Learn more >>







3 jobs
Created and retainedper loan
Learn more >







Microsavings
5,471 accounts opened to date
Learn more >







Microloans
Median loan: $18,000
Learn more > 







20,000
People helped through microlending and microsavings
Learn more >






prev
next




Join Us!
Be a part of California's microfinance movement. Expand opportunity. Change lives. For good.

Learn More



Opportunity in Action








Thank you for joining us at  Taste of Microfinance San Francisco 
You ate, drank, and GAVE to support the Bay Area's rising chef entrepreneurs! Click here for event recap and photos

			More
		










Thank you for joining us at  Taste of Microfinance Los Angeles 
Thanks to you, we can support LA's next 10 rising chef entrepreneurs! Click here for event recap and photos

			More
		










URGENT: Immigrants enrich us. #immigrantswelcome
We at Opportunity Fund proudly stand with the thousands of immigrants we call our clients, neighbors, and friends.

			More
		










New Strategic Plan and Plans for a New CEO of Opportunity Fund
CEO Eric Weaver and Interim & Incoming Board Chair Greg Avis have exciting news about Opportunity Fund's future.

			More
		










Visionary of the Year Nominee: Opportunity Fund CEO Eric Weaver
Congratulations to Opportunity Fund CEO Eric Weaver, nominee for the SF Chronicle's Visionary of the Year award!

			More
		










Thank you for joining us at An Evening with Michael Lewis
With your help we raised almost $300K! Click here for photos and recap of the event

			More
		








Visit Our Other Sites

Opportunity Fund
Business Loans
Savings
Real Estate
























































 

Sivia Opportunities Fund Lp - Series 3 - Funding history, company info, news ...































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/companies/219778-sivia-opportunities-fund-lp-series-3section=companies&subsection=detail&id=219778  




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


Sivia Opportunities Fund Lp - Series 3Company DetailsGet alertedif Sivia Opportunities Fund Lp - Series 3 gets funded!Sivia Opportunities Fund Lp - Series 3Funding history Key peopleCountry:State:City:United StatesCaliforniaSan FranciscoIndustry:Finance Funding history DateDeal sizeInvestors December 9th, 2015$825,675-View DealCreate alertManage your alerts in accountWant to know when Sivia Opportunities Fund Lp - Series 3 gets funded?Key peopleLLC Assure Fund Management IIDirector, Executive OfficerJens BeyrichExecutive OfficerBen MahdaviExecutive OfficerJulie MeissnerExecutive OfficerLLC Sivia Capital Investments,Executive OfficerPlease note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment!