
























Sivik Global Healthcare LLC Buys New Stake in Baxter International Inc. (NYSE:BAX) - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for Baxter International Inc.
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Baxter International Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

Teacher Retirement System of Texas Acquires Shares of 41,222 Anworth Mortgage Asset Corporation (NYSE:ANH)
Northside Capital Management LLC Takes Position in Apache Corporation (NYSE:APA)
Hyman Charles D Boosts Stake in Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. (NYSE:APD)
TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC Has $12.08 Million Position in Apple Hospitality REIT, Inc. (NYSE:APLE)
Royce & Associates LP Has $1.72 Million Position in Aspen Aerogels, Inc. (NYSE:ASPN)
State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Has $438,000 Stake in Atwood Oceanics, Inc. (NYSE:ATW)
Lee Danner & Bass Inc. Reduces Stake in American Express Company (NYSE:AXP)
Amica Pension Fund Board of Trustees Continues to Hold Stake in Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:BA)
Sivik Global Healthcare LLC Buys New Stake in Baxter International Inc. (NYSE:BAX)
Bowling Portfolio Management LLC Boosts Stake in Bank of America Corporation (NYSE:BAC)
Matrix Asset Advisors Inc. NY Has $13.28 Million Position in BB&T Corporation (NYSE:BBT)
BlackRock Inc. Has $1.84 Billion Position in C.R. Bard, Inc. (NYSE:BCR)
Citadel Advisors LLC Has $650,000 Position in Archrock, Inc. (NYSE:AROC)
Schwab Charles Investment Management Inc. Has $29.02 Million Position in Brunswick Corporation (NYSE:BC)
Allied World Assurance Company Holdings, AG (NYSE:AWH) Position Increased by Schwab Charles Investment Management Inc.
Cypress Capital Group Takes Position in AutoZone, Inc. (NYSE:AZO)
Silicom (SILC) & Extreme Networks (EXTR) Head-To-Head Contrast
Zacks: China Const Bk (CICHY) Given Average Rating of “Strong Buy” by Brokerages
Unifirst Corporation (UNF) Plans Quarterly Dividend of $0.04
Computer Programs and Systems (NASDAQ:CPSI) Given Media Impact Score of -0.12


 


Sivik Global Healthcare LLC Buys New Stake in Baxter International Inc. (NYSE:BAX)

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 25th, 2017 // No Comments 

Sivik Global Healthcare LLC purchased a new position in Baxter International Inc. (NYSE:BAX) during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor purchased 110,000 shares of the medical instruments supplier’s stock, valued at approximately $5,705,000. Baxter International makes up 2.7% of Sivik Global Healthcare LLC’s investment portfolio, making the stock its 11th largest position. 
A number of other hedge funds have also modified their holdings of BAX. Pure Financial Advisors Inc. raised its stake in shares of Baxter International by 0.3% in the first quarter. Pure Financial Advisors Inc. now owns 7,459 shares of the medical instruments supplier’s stock worth $387,000 after buying an additional 22 shares during the period. Quadrant Capital Group LLC raised its stake in shares of Baxter International by 1.3% in the first quarter. Quadrant Capital Group LLC now owns 2,344 shares of the medical instruments supplier’s stock worth $113,000 after buying an additional 31 shares during the period. Dumont & Blake Investment Advisors LLC raised its stake in shares of Baxter International by 0.3% in the first quarter. Dumont & Blake Investment Advisors LLC now owns 12,786 shares of the medical instruments supplier’s stock worth $663,000 after buying an additional 40 shares during the period. Livingston Group Asset Management CO operating as Southport Capital Management raised its stake in shares of Baxter International by 0.3% in the first quarter. Livingston Group Asset Management CO operating as Southport Capital Management now owns 18,079 shares of the medical instruments supplier’s stock worth $938,000 after buying an additional 54 shares during the period. Finally, Reliance Trust Co. of Delaware raised its stake in shares of Baxter International by 1.1% in the first quarter. Reliance Trust Co. of Delaware now owns 5,743 shares of the medical instruments supplier’s stock worth $298,000 after buying an additional 63 shares during the period. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 84.13% of the company’s stock. 


 Get Baxter International Inc. alerts:



Baxter International Inc. (BAX) traded down 1.26% during trading on Tuesday, reaching $61.94. The company had a trading volume of 1,914,149 shares. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $60.40 and its 200 day moving average price is $54.13. The firm has a market capitalization of $33.67 billion, a P/E ratio of 18.33 and a beta of 0.66. Baxter International Inc. has a one year low of $43.13 and a one year high of $63.08. 




Baxter International (NYSE:BAX) last released its earnings results on Wednesday, April 26th. The medical instruments supplier reported $0.58 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.51 by $0.07. The company had revenue of $2.48 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $2.43 billion. Baxter International had a net margin of 18.09% and a return on equity of 14.03%. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 4.2% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the prior year, the business earned $0.36 EPS. Equities analysts forecast that Baxter International Inc. will post $2.27 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. 
The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, October 2nd. Shareholders of record on Friday, September 1st will be issued a dividend of $0.16 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, August 30th. This represents a $0.64 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 1.02%. Baxter International’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 19.05%. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Sivik Global Healthcare LLC Buys New Stake in Baxter International Inc. (NYSE:BAX)” was originally posted by BNB Daily and is owned by of BNB Daily. If you are accessing this piece on another domain, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of United States and international copyright and trademark laws. The legal version of this piece can be accessed at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/25/sivik-global-healthcare-llc-invests-5-71-million-in-baxter-international-inc-bax-updated-updated.html. 
A number of brokerages recently commented on BAX. Royal Bank Of Canada lifted their price target on Baxter International from $55.00 to $58.00 and gave the stock a “sector perform” rating in a report on Thursday, April 27th. BMO Capital Markets restated a “hold” rating and issued a $55.00 target price on shares of Baxter International in a research note on Thursday, April 27th. Zacks Investment Research lowered Baxter International from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research note on Wednesday, April 5th. Cantor Fitzgerald initiated coverage on Baxter International in a research note on Thursday, June 29th. They issued an “overweight” rating and a $70.00 target price on the stock. Finally, Barclays PLC boosted their target price on Baxter International from $62.00 to $64.00 and gave the company an “overweight” rating in a research note on Wednesday, June 14th. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, six have issued a hold rating, six have given a buy rating and two have issued a strong buy rating to the stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $61.54.
In other Baxter International news, Director Carole J. Shapazian sold 3,760 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, May 9th. The shares were sold at an average price of $55.89, for a total transaction of $210,146.40. Following the sale, the director now directly owns 16,226 shares in the company, valued at approximately $906,871.14. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available through this link. Also, Director Carole J. Shapazian sold 2,618 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, May 23rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $57.92, for a total transaction of $151,634.56. Following the completion of the sale, the director now owns 9,848 shares in the company, valued at $570,396.16. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last quarter, insiders have sold 137,110 shares of company stock worth $7,642,246. 0.05% of the stock is owned by company insiders. 
Baxter International Company Profile
Baxter International Inc, through its subsidiaries, provides renal and hospital products. The Company operates through two segments: Hospital Products and Renal. Its Hospital Products business manufactures sterile intravenous (IV) solutions and administration sets, premixed drugs and drug-reconstitution systems, pre-filled vials and syringes for injectable drugs, IV nutrition products, parenteral nutrition therapies, infusion pumps, inhalation anesthetics and biosurgery products. 

 
Receive News & Ratings for Baxter International Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Baxter International Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News




Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 
































Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Sivik Global Healthcare, LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 4:02 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Sivik Global Healthcare, LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Sivik Global Healthcare, LLC is an employee owned hedge fund sponsor. The firm primarily provides its services to pooled investment vehicles. It invests in the public equity markets. The firm typically invests in stocks of companies with market capitalization above $250 million. It employs a combination of in-house and external research to make its investments. The firm typically invests in companies in healthcare sector. Sivik Global Healthcare, LLC was founded in 2013 and is based in Greenwich, Connecticut.


376 Greenwich Avenue2nd FloorGreenwich, CT 06830United StatesFounded in 2013



Phone: 203-769-8600

Fax: 203-971-3720

www.sivik.com







Key Executives for Sivik Global Healthcare, LLC




Mr. Joseph Curran


      	Chief Operating Officer
      








Mr. Krishen Kumar Sud


      	Chief Compliance Officer
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Sivik Global Healthcare, LLC, please visit www.sivik.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close































Sivik Global Healthcare LLC - Relationship Science



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Sivik Global Healthcare LLC



Overview
In The News Executives & Employees Paths
Holdings & Top Positions



Sivik Global Healthcare LLC



 OVERVIEW



Date Founded


2013




Headquarters


380 Greenwich Avenue, 2nd Floor, Greenwich, Ct 06830-6523




Industries


Hedge Funds

Investment Services & Portfolio Management




Company Description


Sivik Global Healthcare manages domestic and offshore long-short equity funds in the healthcare sector. The funds invest in four major healthcare sectors globally including pharmaceuticals, devices and biotechnology. Sivik manages both client and proprietary assets. The firm''s active risk management approach focuses on diversification, market exposure and liquidity. Portfolios are generally constructed of 50-75 mid- and large-cap equities. Sivik looks for investment ideas with an investment horizon of 6-18 months.




Website


http://www.sivikhealthcare.com






 In The News
          See more






See full news coverage and complete stories with RelSci Professional.

Create Your News Feed








See  More 





 Executives & Employees



Krishen Kumar Sud

Portfolio Manager






 Paths to Sivik Global Healthcare LLC



                        Sivik Global Healthcare LLC                    




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Sivik Global Healthcare LLC






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Sivik Global Healthcare LLC.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Holdings & Top Positions






Restricted data only for RelSci Professional users.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 



You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.















Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤













﻿






























TESARO, Inc. (TSRO) Shares Sold by Prudential Financial Inc. - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for TESARO Inc.

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor TESARO Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

American International Group Inc. Increases Position in InnerWorkings, Inc. (INWK)
Neuberger Berman Group LLC Increases Stake in Duke Energy Corporation (DUK)
General Mills, Inc. (NYSE:GIS) Position Decreased by Fort Washington Investment Advisors Inc. OH
IBM Retirement Fund Cuts Stake in Southern Company (The) (SO)
JNBA Financial Advisors Boosts Stake in Medtronic PLC (NYSE:MDT)
American International Group Inc. Has $231,000 Position in PDL BioPharma, Inc. (PDLI)
American International Group Inc. Sells 318 Shares of Liberty Broadband Corporation (NASDAQ:LBRDK)
American International Group Inc. Acquires 3,256 Shares of Accuray Incorporated (NASDAQ:ARAY)
First Community Bancshares, Inc. (FCBC) Position Increased by American International Group Inc.
Sandy Spring Bank Has $2.13 Million Position in American Express Company (NYSE:AXP)
Bank of Hawaii Holds Stake in Lowe’s Companies, Inc. (NYSE:LOW)
Van Den Berg Management I Inc. Continues to Hold Stake in American Express Company (AXP)
Prudential Financial Inc. Lowers Position in Weatherford International PLC (NYSE:WFT)
Gaming and Leisure Properties, Inc. (NASDAQ:GLPI) Shares Bought by Prudential Financial Inc.
Inphi Corporation (IPHI) Shares Sold by Prudential Financial Inc.
TESARO, Inc. (TSRO) Shares Sold by Prudential Financial Inc.
E.I. du Pont de Nemours and Company (NYSE:DD) Shares Sold by Prudential Financial Inc.
E.I. du Pont de Nemours and Company (DD) Shares Bought by Ronald Blue & Co. LLC
JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reduces Stake in First Internet Bancorp (INBK)
Cimpress N.V (NASDAQ:CMPR) Position Decreased by JPMorgan Chase & Co.







TESARO, Inc. (TSRO) Shares Sold by Prudential Financial Inc.


					Posted by Charlotte Bryant on Jul 28th, 2017 // No Comments




Prudential Financial Inc. cut its stake in shares of  TESARO, Inc. (NASDAQ:TSRO) by 43.7% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor  owned 3,015 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock after selling 2,342 shares during the period. Prudential Financial Inc.’s holdings in TESARO were worth $464,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. 
A number of other institutional investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP increased its position in  TESARO by 2.0% in the fourth quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP now owns 90,321 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $12,146,000 after buying an additional 1,748 shares in the last quarter.  Teachers Advisors LLC increased its stake in shares of  TESARO by 177.0% in the fourth quarter. Teachers Advisors LLC now owns 126,357 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $16,992,000 after buying an additional 80,744 shares during the period.  Macquarie Group Ltd. increased its stake in shares of  TESARO by 4.8% in the fourth quarter. Macquarie Group Ltd. now owns 301,510 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $40,547,000 after buying an additional 13,830 shares during the period.  Peregrine Capital Management LLC increased its stake in shares of  TESARO by 4.4% in the first quarter. Peregrine Capital Management LLC now owns 117,217 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $17,803,000 after buying an additional 4,904 shares during the period.  Finally, Bank of Montreal Can increased its stake in shares of  TESARO by 649.5% in the first quarter. Bank of Montreal Can now owns 2,286 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $351,000 after buying an additional 1,981 shares during the period. 


 Get TESARO Inc. alerts:



Shares of TESARO, Inc. (NASDAQ:TSRO) opened at 126.70 on Friday. The company has a 50-day moving average of $136.85 and a 200-day moving average of $151.19. TESARO, Inc. has a 12 month low of $83.26 and a 12 month high of $192.94. The firm’s market cap is $6.82 billion. 





TESARO (NASDAQ:TSRO) last posted its earnings results on Tuesday, May 9th. The biopharmaceutical company reported ($2.55) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of ($2.26) by $0.29. The firm had revenue of $3.10 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $3.84 million. TESARO had a negative net margin of 910.35% and a negative return on equity of 96.49%. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 909.8% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the previous year, the firm earned ($2.22) earnings per share.  Equities analysts forecast that  TESARO, Inc. will post ($8.67) EPS for the current fiscal year. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This news story was  posted by Chaffey Breeze and is the property of of Chaffey Breeze. If you are accessing this news story on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright and trademark laws. The legal version of this news story can be accessed at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/28/tesaro-inc-tsro-shares-sold-by-prudential-financial-inc.html. 
Several brokerages have recently weighed in on TSRO. Janney Montgomery Scott  set a $139.00 target price on shares of TESARO and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research note on Saturday, June 10th. Cowen and Company  set a $145.00 target price on shares of TESARO and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research note on Saturday, June 10th. FBR & Co decreased their target price on shares of TESARO from $200.00 to $195.00 and set a “mkt perform” rating for the company in a research note on Monday, June 5th. Cann  reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $199.00 target price on shares of TESARO in a research note on Monday, June 5th. Finally, Robert W. Baird  reiterated a “neutral” rating on shares of TESARO in a research note on Tuesday, June 6th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have given a hold rating, fourteen have issued  a buy rating and one  has issued  a strong buy rating to the stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $173.74.
In other TESARO news, VP Edward C. English sold 8,500 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, June 6th. The shares were sold at an average price of $138.65, for a total transaction of $1,178,525.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the vice president now directly owns 5,396 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $748,155.40. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at the SEC website. Insiders own  40.50% of the company’s stock. 
About TESARO
TESARO, Inc is an oncology-focused biopharmaceutical company. The Company operates through the business of developing and commercializing of oncology-focused therapeutics segment. It is developing oncology-related product candidates, including rolapitant, niraparib and the product candidates under its immuno-oncology platform.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding TSRO? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for TESARO, Inc. (NASDAQ:TSRO).







Receive News & Ratings for TESARO Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for TESARO Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 


















































Peregrine Capital Management LLC Has $13.90 Million Stake in TESARO, Inc. (NASDAQ:TSRO) | Daily Political










































































Home
About/Contact
Columnists
Privacy Policy
























Headlines
Politics
Nation
World
Issues
Economy
Finance




















TESARO Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily

		Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for TESARO Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter:



 






Follow DailyPolitical

 
 










Latest News



Peregrine Capital Management LLC Has $16.86 Million Position in SPX Corp (SPXC)					

Peregrine Capital Management LLC Has $13.90 Million Stake in TESARO, Inc. (NASDAQ:TSRO)					

TiVo Corporation (NASDAQ:TIVO) Position Boosted by Peregrine Capital Management LLC					

Peregrine Capital Management LLC Has $15,704,000 Stake in CoStar Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:CSGP)					

Peregrine Capital Management LLC Increases Stake in G-III Apparel Group, LTD. (GIII)					

Peregrine Capital Management LLC Sells 364,898 Shares of NovoCure Limited (NVCR)					

Neuberger Berman NY Intrmdt Mncpl Fd Inc (NYSE:NBO) to Issue Monthly Dividend of $0.04 on  August 15th					

Highland Capital Management LLC Purchases Shares of 26,100 Pilgrim’s Pride Corporation (PPC)					

City of London Investment Trust plc (LON:CTY) to Issue Dividend of GBX 4.30 on  August 31st					

Highland Capital Management LLC Takes Position in Lamb Weston Holdings Inc. (NYSE:LW)					

Douglas Lane & Associates LLC Lowers Stake in Sun Communities, Inc. (NYSE:SUI)					

Cross Timbers Royalty Trust (CRT) Plans $0.08 Monthly Dividend					

Silicon Motion Technology Corporation (NASDAQ:SIMO) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Summit Redstone					

APQ Global Ltd (APQ) Declares Dividend of GBX 1.50					

Cowen and Company Reaffirms Outperform Rating for Puma Biotechnology Inc (PBYI)					

Highland Capital Management LLC Sells 2,755 Shares of CBRE Group, Inc. (NYSE:CBG)					

Highland Capital Management LLC Reduces Position in The Middleby Corporation (MIDD)					

Highland Capital Management LLC Takes Position in BPC Acquisition Corp (NYSE:BERY)					

Highland Capital Management LLC Purchases New Stake in Graco Inc. (GGG)					

Highland Capital Management LLC Acquires 4,734 Shares of Packaging Corporation of America (NYSE:PKG)					





 





						Peregrine Capital Management LLC Has $13.90 Million Stake in TESARO, Inc. (NASDAQ:TSRO)					

						 July 22nd, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Stacy Sanders 


							Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles 







Tweet










Peregrine Capital Management LLC lowered its stake in  TESARO, Inc. (NASDAQ:TSRO) by 15.2% during the second quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the SEC. The firm owned 99,347 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock after selling 17,870 shares during the period. Peregrine Capital Management LLC owned 0.18% of TESARO worth $13,895,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. 
Several other large investors have also bought and sold shares of the company. FMR LLC boosted its stake in  TESARO by 0.4% in the first quarter. FMR LLC now owns 8,043,921 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $1,237,718,000 after buying an additional 32,918 shares during the period.  BlackRock Inc. boosted its stake in  TESARO by 4,504.8% in the first quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 3,409,657 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $524,643,000 after buying an additional 3,335,611 shares during the period.  Vanguard Group Inc. boosted its stake in  TESARO by 3.7% in the first quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 2,916,132 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $448,705,000 after buying an additional 103,759 shares during the period.  State Street Corp boosted its stake in  TESARO by 0.4% in the first quarter. State Street Corp now owns 991,856 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $152,617,000 after buying an additional 3,784 shares during the period.  Finally, Bank of New York Mellon Corp boosted its stake in  TESARO by 35.0% in the first quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 675,597 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $103,954,000 after buying an additional 175,273 shares during the period. 
TESARO, Inc. (NASDAQ TSRO) traded up 2.29% on Friday, reaching $131.97. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 1,697,801 shares. TESARO, Inc. has a 1-year low of $83.26 and a 1-year high of $192.94. The company’s market capitalization is $7.11 billion. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $139.02 and a 200-day moving average price of $151.61. 




TESARO (NASDAQ:TSRO) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, May 9th. The biopharmaceutical company reported ($2.55) EPS for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of ($2.26) by $0.29. TESARO had a negative net margin of 910.35% and a negative return on equity of 96.49%. The company had revenue of $3.10 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $3.84 million. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm earned ($2.22) earnings per share. The company’s revenue was up 909.8% on a year-over-year basis.  Equities analysts predict that  TESARO, Inc. will post ($8.66) earnings per share for the current fiscal year. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Peregrine Capital Management LLC Has $13.90 Million Stake in TESARO, Inc. (NASDAQ:TSRO)” was first  reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright and trademark law. The correct version of this piece can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/07/22/peregrine-capital-management-llc-has-13-90-million-stake-in-tesaro-inc-nasdaqtsro.html. 
Several equities research analysts have recently issued reports on TSRO shares. Piper Jaffray Companies started coverage on TESARO in a report on Wednesday, April 12th. They set an “overweight” rating and a $180.00 price objective on the stock. Cowen and Company  restated a “market perform” rating and set a $145.00 price objective on shares of TESARO in a report on Tuesday, March 28th. Cann  restated a “buy” rating and set a $199.00 price objective on shares of TESARO in a report on Monday, June 5th. FBR & Co  restated a “hold” rating on shares of TESARO in a report on Monday, April 3rd. Finally, Citigroup Inc.  restated a “buy” rating and set a $216.00 price objective (down previously from $232.00) on shares of TESARO in a report on Saturday, April 22nd. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have given a hold rating, fourteen have issued  a buy rating and one  has assigned  a strong buy rating to the stock. TESARO  has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $173.74.
In other news, VP Edward C. English sold 8,500 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, June 6th. The shares were sold at an average price of $138.65, for a total transaction of $1,178,525.00. Following the transaction, the vice president now directly owns 5,396 shares in the company, valued at approximately $748,155.40. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available at this hyperlink. Insiders own  40.50% of the company’s stock. 
TESARO Company Profile
TESARO, Inc is an oncology-focused biopharmaceutical company. The Company operates through the business of developing and commercializing of oncology-focused therapeutics segment. It is developing oncology-related product candidates, including rolapitant, niraparib and the product candidates under its immuno-oncology platform.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding TSRO? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for TESARO, Inc. (NASDAQ:TSRO).






Receive News & Ratings for TESARO Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for TESARO Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 
















 Comment on this Post

Click here to cancel reply.



Name (required)

Mail (will not be published) (required)

Website






Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be placed in moderation!




Latest News




Jeff Sessions Spoke of Resigning After Tensions Increase with Trump





President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week





World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump





Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected





Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea














			© DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. 


Privacy Policy |
			About | Columnists 
			| Contact 
























































