






Business Directories by State
































Locations

            Top States:

                Florida
- (7,668,567 Businesses)
California
- (7,998,710 Businesses)
Texas
- (4,844,128 Businesses)
New York
- (4,451,438 Businesses)
Pennsylvania
- (1,273,348 Businesses)

Advertisements









States












                                                        Alabama
                                                    




                                                        424,733 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        529,179 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Alaska
                                                    




                                                        90,124 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        119,266 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Arizona
                                                    




                                                        757,577 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        800,057 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Arkansas
                                                    




                                                        263,265 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        325,844 People Found
                                                    










                                                        California
                                                    




                                                        7,998,710 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        7,373,821 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Colorado
                                                    




                                                        810,965 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        814,457 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Connecticut
                                                    




                                                        468,528 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        572,167 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Delaware
                                                    




                                                        132,203 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        114,760 People Found
                                                    










                                                        District Of Columbia
                                                    




                                                        101,098 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        225,569 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Florida
                                                    




                                                        7,668,567 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        10,379,297 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Georgia
                                                    




                                                        1,255,912 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,396,340 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Hawaii
                                                    




                                                        129,778 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        152,776 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Idaho
                                                    




                                                        172,946 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        201,511 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Illinois
                                                    




                                                        1,181,775 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,483,850 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Indiana
                                                    




                                                        578,336 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        719,895 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Iowa
                                                    




                                                        329,478 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        460,060 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Kansas
                                                    




                                                        282,167 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        348,203 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Kentucky
                                                    




                                                        405,363 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        504,609 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Louisiana
                                                    




                                                        633,706 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        615,567 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Maine
                                                    




                                                        130,772 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        174,828 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Maryland
                                                    




                                                        674,762 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        710,572 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Massachusetts
                                                    




                                                        726,390 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,027,523 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Michigan
                                                    




                                                        934,309 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,131,011 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Minnesota
                                                    




                                                        592,078 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        758,209 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Mississippi
                                                    




                                                        261,251 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        322,667 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Missouri
                                                    




                                                        597,997 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        706,322 People Found
                                                    














                                                        Montana
                                                    




                                                        130,347 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        158,428 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Nebraska
                                                    




                                                        191,594 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        279,673 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Nevada
                                                    




                                                        1,037,013 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,194,142 People Found
                                                    










                                                        New Hampshire
                                                    




                                                        154,616 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        193,717 People Found
                                                    










                                                        New Jersey
                                                    




                                                        974,361 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,091,903 People Found
                                                    










                                                        New Mexico
                                                    




                                                        178,355 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        231,696 People Found
                                                    










                                                        New York
                                                    




                                                        4,451,438 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        2,890,348 People Found
                                                    










                                                        North Carolina
                                                    




                                                        989,345 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,123,726 People Found
                                                    










                                                        North Dakota
                                                    




                                                        81,418 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        101,993 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Ohio
                                                    




                                                        1,062,591 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,335,493 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Oklahoma
                                                    




                                                        379,566 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        422,307 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Oregon
                                                    




                                                        510,731 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        621,776 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Pennsylvania
                                                    




                                                        1,273,348 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,546,221 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Puerto Rico
                                                    




                                                        55,527 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        60,845 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Rhode Island
                                                    




                                                        111,772 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        132,878 People Found
                                                    










                                                        South Carolina
                                                    




                                                        406,911 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        483,894 People Found
                                                    










                                                        South Dakota
                                                    




                                                        92,785 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        126,265 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Tennessee
                                                    




                                                        620,250 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        751,954 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Texas
                                                    




                                                        4,844,128 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        5,747,622 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Utah
                                                    




                                                        363,011 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        377,419 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Vermont
                                                    




                                                        81,906 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        106,956 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Virginia
                                                    




                                                        911,909 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,016,492 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Washington
                                                    




                                                        830,492 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        864,073 People Found
                                                    










                                                        West Virginia
                                                    




                                                        136,960 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        185,319 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Wisconsin
                                                    




                                                        486,944 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        707,971 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Wyoming
                                                    




                                                        77,247 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        90,781 People Found
                                                    













                Company Directory:
            
            Browse directory by company name:
            
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
(more)







People Directory: 

            Names starting with letters:

            
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
















Use the PDF button on the web page
The only way to print is to view or download the PDF.

Accessed by nilsacenteno@yahoo.com on 7/28/2017 10:16:39 AM
















PAYMENT — Six Trees Capital LLC































































PAYMENT



































Max Co-Branding for Financial Advisors - Setup Fee
450.00












 


 


© Six Trees Capital LLC, 2013-2017.  Patent-pending.  "Max My Interest" and “Max. Your Best Interest.” are registered trademarks of Six Trees Capital LLC.  All rights reserved. 



 














 




	MAX MY INTEREST Trademark of Six Trees Capital LLC. Serial Number: 86164085 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Computer & Software Products & Electr...
MAX MY INTEREST










 
Get FREE email alerts













MAX MY INTEREST  Trademark Information
 Six Trees Capital LLC
Downloadable software for use in the financial services industry to enable financial asset management, cash management and to enable automated transfer of funds to maximize interest earnings and deposit insurance coverage
Providing a website featuring temporary use of non-downloadable software for financial asset management, cash management and to enable automated transfer of funds to maximize interest earnings and deposit insurance coverage




Perfect for these industries

Computer & Software Products & Electrical & Scientific Products
Computer & Software Services & Scientific Services





Words that describe this mark
downloadable   software   use   financial   services   industry   enable   financial   asset   management      cash   management   enable   automated   transfer   funds   maximize   earnings   deposit   insurance   coverage    
                                    




This is a brand page for the MAX MY INTEREST trademark by Six Trees Capital LLC 
                                in New York, NY, 10022.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this MAX MY INTEREST trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Six Trees Capital LLC of the MAX MY INTEREST trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the MAX MY INTEREST trademark.
                           






On Monday, January 13, 2014,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        MAX MY INTEREST by 
                        Six Trees Capital LLC, New York, NY  10022.
                        The USPTO has given the MAX MY INTEREST 
                        trademark serial  number of  86164085.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is REGISTERED.
                        The correspondent listed for MAX MY INTEREST is 
                        
                        
                                            Francis J. Duffin of 
                                            Wiggin and Dana LLP,  One Century Tower, P.O. Box 1832, New Haven CT 06508-1832 
                                .
                            The MAX MY INTEREST trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Computer & Software Products & Electrical & Scientific Products
                                , 
                                    Computer & Software Services & Scientific Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for MAX MY INTEREST 
                            is Downloadable software for use in the financial services industry to enable financial asset management, cash management and to enable automated transfer of funds to maximize interest earnings and deposit insurance coverage. 
                            





Word mark:
 MAX MY INTEREST


  Status/Status Date:  


REGISTERED

11/24/2015



  Serial Number:  
86164085


  Filing Date:  
1/13/2014


 Registration Number:  
4860310 


 Registration Date:  
11/24/2015


 Goods and Services: 
Downloadable software for use in the financial services industry to enable financial asset management, cash management and to enable automated transfer of funds to maximize interest earnings and deposit insurance coverage


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
12/2/2014


Last Applicant/Owner:

Six Trees Capital LLCNew York, NY  10022
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


Francis J. Duffin
Wiggin and Dana LLP
One Century Tower, P.O. Box 1832
New Haven CT 06508-1832






 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (009) - Scientific, nautical, surveying, photographic, cinematographic, optical, weighing, measuring, signalling, checking (supervision), life-saving and teaching apparatus and instruments; apparatus and instruments for conducting, switching, transforming, accumulating, regulating or controlling electricity; apparatus for recording, transmission or reproduction of sound or images; magnetic data carriers, recording discs; automatic vending machines and mechanisms for coin operated apparatus; cash registers, calculating machines, data processing equipment and computers; fire extinguishing apparatus.


First Use Anywhere: 
7/27/2015


First Use In Commerce: 
7/27/2015




Primary Class: 
 Class (042) - Scientific and technological services and research and design relating thereto; industrial analysis and research services; design and development of computer hardware and software. 


First Use Anywhere: 
7/27/2015


First Use In Commerce: 
7/27/2015





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your MAX MY INTEREST trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

11/24/2015
REGISTERED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



Francis J. Duffin


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of MAX MY INTEREST trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search maxmyinterest on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for MAX MY INTEREST 




MAX MY INTEREST is providing Downloadable software for use in the financial services industry to enable financial asset management, cash management and to enable automated transfer of funds to maximize interest earnings and deposit insurance coverage.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 
























Six Trees Capital LLC































































Bringing Efficiency and Transparency to Financial Markets























 Six Trees Capital LLC invests in technology that helps make our financial system better.  Our initial service, Max, helps individual investors earn substantially more on the cash portion of their portfolios by harnessing the efficiencies of online banking. Max also helps financial advisors deliver a more compelling cash management solution to their clients, delivering higher yield and greater FDIC insurance coverage while bringing more cash into view, facilitating more holistic asset allocation discussions.  Based in New York City, Six Trees Capital LLC is managed by Gary E. Zimmerman, a former investment banker who was inspired by the financial crisis to create a system that could help investors keep their cash safe while earning superior returns.  Mr. Zimmerman takes counsel from a strategic advisory board of leading academics, investors, lawyers and experts in the fields of privacy and security.Six Trees Capital LLC is privately held by its founder and a group of sophisticated high-net-worth individuals who share a common vision for innovation in the financial services sector. These include the former CEO, COO and CTO of some of the world's largest banks, general partners and investment professionals at leading private equity firms, hedge funds and venture capital firms, partners at leading law firms, experienced technology entrepreneurs, and family offices. Corporate inquiries can be directed to:Six Trees Capital LLC445 Park Avenue, 9th FloorNew York, NY 10022info@sixtreescapital.comMedia inquiries can be directed to:press@sixtreescapital.com





 


 


© Six Trees Capital LLC, 2013-2017.  Patent-pending.  "Max My Interest" and “Max. Your Best Interest.” are registered trademarks of Six Trees Capital LLC.  All rights reserved. 



 





Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Six Trees Capital LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 4:03 PM ET
Industrial Conglomerates

Company Overview of Six Trees Capital LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Six Trees Capital LLC, through is subsidiaries, operates in financial, technology, and media businesses. The company was incorporated in 2013 and is based in New York, New York.


445 Park Avenue9th FloorNew York, NY 10022United StatesFounded in 2013



Phone: 917-224-1714

sixtreescapital.com







Key Executives for Six Trees Capital LLC




Mr. Gary E. Zimmerman


      	Managing Partner and Director
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Six Trees Capital LLC Key Developments

MaxMyInteres Unveils the Next Generation of the Max Common Application
Apr 18 17
MaxMyInteres unveiled the next generation of the Max Common Application, which enables Max members to apply for multiple online savings accounts by filling out a single form. Through the partnership with UFB Direct, Max members are now able to open a new UFB Direct account and automatically link it to their existing checking or brokerage account with just a few clicks. Once the accounts are linked, Max facilitates the flow of funds among these accounts to maximize yield and FDIC insurance coverage, even as rates change.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 AAA Oregon/Idaho United States Access Group International Inc. United States Access Industries, Inc. United States Alan Ritchey, Inc. United States American Trading and Production Corporation United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Private Placement

			      December 1, 2016
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Six Trees Capital LLC, please visit sixtreescapital.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft

















 
 





















 





Six Trees Capital LLC | F6S










 



 















Log in with





Sign in







This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Find out more



































Six Trees Capital LLC

    An intelligent cash management solution for HNW investors & wealth managers    



Computer Security
                 •                 Finance



















 












Overview






                            New York City, US                            



 
















            Founders                    







                Admin            



Andy Hecht
Outside General Counsel








                Admin            



Chana Schoenberger
Director of Communications & Content; veteran business journalist








                Admin            



Gary Zimmerman
Founder & CEO. Previously, Managing Director at Citigroup Investment Bank.








                Admin            



Peter Mansfield
Accomplished financial services marketing professional








                Admin            



Richard Wu
Director of Engineering; Previously, Partner in a software consulting firm






















            Recommendations                    


























Gary McGraw



                                    Max (owned by Six Trees Capital) is one of the very rare startups that considered (and very carefully considered) computer security as it designed and built its product.  Not only is the product idea incredibly interesting and valuable---the implementation is secure enough for financial services.

I recommend six trees fully.  The company is among the best two startups I have ever advised. 

Gary Zimmerman knows what he is doing and seeks out help when he needs it.  His leadership is remarkable.

I am confident that Max will be a long term success.                                












Andrew Klaber



                                    Six Trees Capital makes savings optimization easy.  Its founder, Gary Zimmerman, is a visionary who has deep experience in the fin tech space. I have used Six Trees' Max Financial product since its inception and I have saved thousands of incremental dollars as a result.                                












Jan Rivkin



                                    MaxMyInterest has my strongest support for Grand Central Tech.

As a prof at Harvard Business School, I see lots of venture proposals. Max stands out from the pack in many ways. Max addresses a huge market: the $3 trillion cash held by high-net-worth (HNW) individuals. The consumer benefits are clear: more interest (~1%), more FDIC coverage, dynamic rebalancing, ease of use. Banks benefit too, so it’s a win-win. Financial advisors, who desperately seek an edge, should promote Max to HNW clients. I’ve known founder Gary Zimmerman since he was my student in 1997. He is smart, experienced, compelling and is building a strong team.

Max has “moats” = protection from rivals. It has a head start of more than a year and no one on its heels. A patent is pending. Big players lack the independence to win with a competing service. Max should succeed standalone, but opportunities for partnering/exit are plentiful.

[Disclosure: I like Max so much that I’m a modest investor in the company.]                                








 









 




Add Your

Event
Startup
Job Listing
Deal
Accelerator
Inv. Fund
Angel Group
Contest
Coworking




Internet of Things
Get Free Deals
Promote your own Deal
Startup Jobs
Startups
Contests
Startup Events
Investment Funds
Accelerators
R&D Tax Relief




About
F6S API
Privacy policy
Terms and Conditions
Cookie Policy
Feedback













                © 2017 F6S Network Limited. All rights reserved.            

Powered by











