










 







SixThirty Cyber Fund, LLC - Pooled Investment Fund- De Long  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









SixThirty Cyber Fund, LLC

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    911 Washington Avenue Suite 848 
    St. Louis, MO, 63101Phone: 3147803013 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-10-07


New


$1,000,000


$1,000,000


Equity Only


06b 3C 3C.1


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 James C. De Long 
 Promoter 


 Six Thirty Cyber Manager, Llc 
 Executive 












Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version


















St. Louis, Mo.'s SixThirty Accelerator Program Adds Cybersecurity Funding











 

























                    







DC_Logo










Articles








St. Louis, Mo.'s SixThirty Accelerator Program Adds Cybersecurity Funding
SixThirty Cyber plans to invest $10 million in cybersecurity startups over the next five years.


							 							    	    				    	    																																											    													    															

    	    																																											    							    															





        	    				    	    																																											    													    															
                                                                                                																																				


    
                                      
                            
        
        
        
        
        
        
            




																																


                                                              																																				
 															by David Nicklaus, St. Louis Post-Dispatch
													
 / 

							June 3, 2016
						






Via SixThirty

































































(TNS) -- Add cybersecurity to the list of fields where St. Louis is trying to build new businesses using an accelerator model.
With the creation of SixThirty Cyber, which plans to invest $10 million over the next five years, the St. Louis area has at least six business accelerator funds. Based on a survey the Brookings Institution published in February, the only U.S. cities with more are San Francisco, New York, Boston, Chicago and San Jose, Calif.
Accelerator programs vary in size and focus, but they all invest in early-stage firms and put them through a period of intensive mentoring. According to the Brookings study, an accelerator can help a community by concentrating entrepreneurial energy and “generating vibrancy around innovation.”
RELATEDSt. Louis Wants in on 'Gigabit' Internet ServiceSt. Louis Opens Cyber Center of ExcellenceIf that’s true, St. Louis is more vibrant than most places. The five existing accelerators have financed more than 120 companies in sectors ranging from technology to agriculture to sports.
SixThirty Cyber is a second fund from the organizers of SixThirty, which was launched in 2013 to focus on financial technology startups. The idea then was to capitalize on St. Louis’ strengths by connecting entrepreneurs with such large firms as MasterCard and Wells Fargo Advisors.
Jay DeLong, managing partner of the new fund, said SixThirty was seeing a growing number of applications from firms specializing in information security.
It invested in some of them, such as Rippleshot, a Chicago company that detects payment card data breaches, but the fund’s managers realized that the online security opportunity extends well beyond the financial sector.
In fact, cybersecurity is a growing concern across all industries. According to a recent study by PricewaterhouseCoopers, corporations boosted their information security budgets 24 percent last year in response to a 38 percent increase in security incidents.
In St. Louis, DeLong said, concerns about online security are acute at health care firms such as Express Scripts, defense firms such as Boeing and government entities such as Scott Air Force Base and the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency.
“We believe we are going to attract a lot of cyber companies because of our strength in financial technology, but there are all these other firms that are potential partners and customers too,” DeLong said.
The fund will select five firms for its first class, which begins in September; it will invest between $100,000 and $200,000 in each and put the founders through a 14-week training and mentoring program. Most of the sessions will be in St. Louis but some may be at the Washington offices of Collingwood Group, a consulting firm that is partnering with SixThirty Cyber.
Investors in the new fund include Cultivation Capital, a venture capital firm, and the St. Louis Regional Chamber. Cultivation will manage the fund’s operations, a function it also performs for the original SixThirty and other local accelerators.
Those programs have different investment aims but similar operating strategies. Unlike some programs elsewhere, the Cultivation-run accelerators don’t invest in businesses at the idea stage. They require entrepreneurs to have a well-developed product, and usually some customers.
Even when those entrepreneurs come from a larger place such as New York or Washington, DeLong contends that St. Louis is an ideal place to develop their technology. “We are big enough to find a major customer in your space, and we are small enough that you can probably reach out and talk to the CEO,” he said.
Depending on your perspective, St. Louis is either a big small town or a small big town. In the accelerator space, perhaps that in-between size can be our comparative advantage.
©2016 the St. Louis Post-Dispatch. Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

RELATED
St. Louis Wants in on 'Gigabit' Internet Service
St. Louis Opens Cyber Center of Excellence






DISCUSS



We invite you to discuss and comment on this article using social media.




















Digital Communities Program Sponsors





















Sponsored Content
Featured Papers







Future of Work: Recruiting and Retaining Employees in the Government IT Workforce









Getting Your Arms Around the Cloud









Listening To Your Radio Network









Digital First Engagement Management Solution eBook









Innovating on a Budget















Surveys & Awards










Awards Calendar
and Notifications
























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











	Cybersecurity Consulting























































Cybersecurity






Services > Consulting > Information Technology > Cybersecurity









Network Vulnerability TestingSecurity AssessmentsDisaster Recovery & Continuity










Be Empowered


Today, nearly all business and financial operations are technology-driven, making IT systems central to your organization’s sustainability. This means nothing’s more important than ensuring the security and availability of those systems and protecting both your sensitive corporate information and the personal information of your employees and customers.
Our proven methodologies empower you to make decisions to help keep your IT systems safe and operational. We can provide an independent review and analysis of your organization’s cybersecurity and related practices, including network infrastructure design, network perimeter protections, anti-malware and data leakage strategy, mobile device security, system security controls, backup and restoration processes, physical access controls, policies and procedures, and security management.
Our penetration testing mimics real-world attempts at infiltrating your network and includes testing wired and wireless networks, facility security, and susceptibility to phishing attacks. In addition, we’ll work with you to develop information security policies and procedures that are based on industry best practices yet remain well-suited to your business, culture, and management style. Ultimately, our cybersecurity work can help you implement changes to strengthen your entire company, from critical data confidentiality, integrity, and availability to regulatory compliance.
Your team of cybersecurity specialists will be made up of skilled veterans with experience in your industry, whether it’s health care, financial services, government, or dozens of other sectors. Our professionals are members of a number of information security associations, including:

Information Systems Audit and Control Association
Information Systems Security Association
International Information Systems Security Certification Consortium
Institute of Internal Auditors
Cloud Security Alliance

Specialized Services:

Network vulnerability assessments and penetration testing
Security assessments
Disaster recovery and business continuity planning

 













Insights
















Article
Cloud Versus On-Site Hosting: Consider the Pros and Cons of Each Before Moving Company Data

            We weigh the pros and cons of switching data to the cloud, particularly for regulated industries such as health care and financial institutions.
        

Read More
























Article
Protect Your Company from Cyberthreats with Information Security Governance

            Learn what an information security governance program is and how to implement one to protect your business from cyberthreats.
        

Read More
























Webcast
IT You Can Use: Third-Party Cloud Risks

            As more organizations migrate their IT infrastructure, applications, platforms, and other services to the cloud, it’s increasingly important to identify the risks associated with this heavier dependence on third-party service providers.
        

Watch
























Webcast
Cyber Attacks: Spear Phishing, Ransomware, and the Internet of Things

            In this webcast, we look at two attack methods in particular—spear phishing and ransomware—that use people as the entry point to data and assets. To help you minimize risk, we will provide an overview of what you and your organization can do to thwart these attacks.
        

Watch
























Report
Cybersecurity:  Cyberattacks—Threatening the Value of Your Technology Company

            Cybersecurity, at its core, is about protecting
what’s valuable to you as a company.
        

Read More

















 







View More














            
              Primary Contact
            
          












Francis  Tam 
Partner







francis.tam@mossadams.com











(310) 295-3852





 





Contact








×









Contact Us







 

Thank you. Your contact request has been received. We will be in touch soon.










Francis  Tam 
Partner







francis.tam@mossadams.com











(310) 295-3852



















































 
 





















 





SixThirty Cybersecurity Accelerator | F6S










 



 















Log in with





Sign in







This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Find out more
































SixThirty Cybersecurity Accelerator


    Business Development Accelerator for Innovative and Proven Cyber Technology    







 





























 









Overview




                Jul 25-Nov 15  '16 (16 weeks)





                        911 Washington Ave                    






                                    Saint Louis, US                            


 













Staff






                Admin            



Christian Taylor








                Admin            



James (Jay) DeLong








                Admin            



Joel Brightfield








                Admin            



Yvette Rodriguez
















                    Funds up to                

$200K                                    

                    per team                


Funds
10 startups
per year


Markets


                            Bitcoin                        
                        
                         •                         
                            Computer Security                        
                        
                         •                         
                            Data & Analytics                        
                        
                         •                         
                            Big Data                        
                        
                         •                         
                            Cyber Security                        
                        
                         •                         6 more



Invests in


                            Europe                        
                        
                         •                         
                            North America                        
                        
                         •                         
                            South America                        
                        
                         •                         
                            Asia                        
                        
                         •                         
                            Africa                        
                        
                         •                         4 more









                We are a business development CyberSecurity accelerator started by experienced executives and operators, and launched by SixThirty FinTech. Using that successful formula of mentorship, capital, and access to customers, SixThirty CYBER will attract & grow seed-stage startups that have a product, market traction, and early stage revenue.  Unlike other accelerators, our stake in the company is negotiable – we find that this flexibility is in the best interest of both our fund and the startups.  Our partners include the Security Advisors Alliance - enabling a CISO-populated investment selection team; a Federal Sector access program with The Collingwood Group; and strong university involvement.  Early equity investors include the St. Louis Regional Chamber and Cultivation Capital....
            

                We are a business development CyberSecurity accelerator started by experienced executives and operators, and launched by SixThirty FinTech. Using that successful formula of mentorship, capital, and access to customers, SixThirty CYBER will attract & grow seed-stage startups that have a product, market traction, and early stage revenue.  Unlike other accelerators, our stake in the company is negotiable – we find that this flexibility is in the best interest of both our fund and the startups.  Our partners include the Security Advisors Alliance - enabling a CISO-populated investment selection team; a Federal Sector access program with The Collingwood Group; and strong university involvement.  Early equity investors include the St. Louis Regional Chamber and Cultivation Capital.            
More information










        Staff
            





                Admin            



Christian Taylor








                Admin            



James (Jay) DeLong








                Admin            



Joel Brightfield








                Admin            



Yvette Rodriguez












                        7 Startups    





BondIT LTD





ClearServe NewCo





DAVO Technologies





LendingFront





New Constructs, LLC





PromisePay





Rippleshot Inc.






            Recommendations                    





















 












 




Add Your

Event
Startup
Job Listing
Deal
Accelerator
Inv. Fund
Angel Group
Contest
Coworking




Internet of Things
Get Free Deals
Promote your own Deal
Startup Jobs
Startups
Contests
Startup Events
Investment Funds
Accelerators
R&D Tax Relief




About
F6S API
Privacy policy
Terms and Conditions
Cookie Policy
Feedback













                © 2017 F6S Network Limited. All rights reserved.            

Powered by














About SixThirty






















































 













About SixThirty




Our mission is to attract the most innovative and promising FinTech ideas, and work with like-minded corporate partners to mentor and grow them into great businesses.

SixThirty is a FinTech venture fund and business development program.
Partnership between the St. Louis Financial Forum (Regional Chamber) and Cultivation Capital.
Our focus is business development, targeting late-seed stage FinTech startups that have a product, market traction, and are starting to earn revenue.

  We believe customer revenue is the best form of capital for a startup.Atul KamraSixThirty's Managing PartnerSixThirty is a global financial technology (FinTech) seed fund and business development program that invests in 8 – 10 FinTech startup companies each year. SixThirty targets late-seed stage startups that have a product, market traction, and are starting to earn revenue. The companies selected to take part in the business development program receive hands-on training, mentoring, and networking opportunities with the top financial services companies in the region. SixThirty portfolio companies represent the most innovative and promising FinTech ideas from around the world.
What Others are Saying
9 Great FinTech Accelerators
SixThirty Among ‘Whos-Who’ of FinTech Accelerators
SixThirty Recognized as Pioneering FinTech Community
  Why SixThirty?
630 is both the height and width of St. Louis’s famed Gateway Arch measured in feet.
Why St. Louis?
St. Louis is one of the largest financial services hubs outside of New York. It’s home to Edward Jones, Scottrade, Stifel Nicolaus, Mastercard, UMB Bank, Thomson Reuters, Commerce Bank, U.S. Bank and Wells Fargo Advisors, and boasts one of the most dynamic, explosive startup communities in the country.  LEARN MORESixThirty CYBER
Check out SixThirty’s sister seed fund, SixThirty CYBER. With a focus on cyber security startups, SixThirty CYBER is built on the same principles as SixThirty, bringing together CISOs and other executives from leading corporations to accelerate and commercialize innovation in cyber security.  


































About SixThirty CYBER


















































 












About SixThirty CYBER




SixThirty CYBER provides startups with up to $250K in funding, focused mentorship, and rapid connectivity to the top US financial, healthcare, and federal agency CISOs and execs.
  Backed by CISOs and other corporate executives and the venture capital firm Cultivation Capital, SixThirty CYBER is a business development program that invests up to $250,000 in a handful of cyber security-based technology startup companies each year. The selected companies receive hands-on training, mentoring, and networking opportunities with the top CISOs and executives of regional private companies (like financial services, manufacturing, and aerospace/defense) as well as Federal Sector leaders in defense, finance & intelligence nationally.  Why SixThirty?
630 is both the height and width of St. Louis’s famed Gateway Arch measured in feet.
Why St. Louis and Why D.C.?
St. Louis and D.C. present great market opportunities for Cyber startups. St. Louis has big company customers with wide network reach within industries increasingly targeted by hackers, spies and crooks.  St. Louis is home not only to financial services, but also to Boeing Defense, Space & Security (BDS), and healthcare IT giants like Centene, BJC and Express Scripts. And St. Louis universities have been successfully focused on generating a talent pool in security and defense to help startups fill their staffing needs. With all this, SixThirty CYBER connects the dots within St. Louis region to access the business, intelligence & military community locally, and then nationally to the broader Federal agency and GSE leadership in D.C., on behalf of its cohort.  LEARN MORE
Our Corporate and Federal Sector Partners
Security Advisor Alliance
Security Advisor Alliance is the nation’s predominant Cyber Threat and Information Security organization founded by industry leading CISOs.  They serve on the investment selection committee, as mentors and advisors, but perhaps most importantly, Security Advisor Alliance provides SixThirty CYBER companies direct access to the buyers and decision-makers to the regional, as well as national cyber security community. The members of the Security Advisor Alliance include:  Global IT Security Director
Anheuser Busch InBev
SVP & Deputy CISO
Blackstone
CISO
Cargill
CISO
Centene Corporation
CISO
Cylance
CISO
Express Scripts
CISO
FMC Technologies  Info Sec & Strategy Officer
ForcePoint
CISO
Fujitsu
CISO & CSO
GE
VP Information Risk & Security
Heartland Payment Systems
CISO
IBM
CISO
InfoSec Advisor, LLC
CISO
Invitation Homes  CISO
Leading Private Equity Group
Chief Security Officer
Mastercard
VP CISO
MoneyGram International
CISO
Monsanto
Dir Cyber Threat & Intelligence
Monsanto
SVP Corporate Risk CISO/IT Risk
Northern Trust
VP Office of the CISO
Optiv  CISO
PNC Bank
CISO
Royal Bank of Canada
CISO
Royal Caribbean Cruise Lines
CISO
Sallie Mae
CISO
Sears
Info Sec Chief
Starbucks
Dir Infor Sec & Compliance
Spire  
Collingwood Group
The Collingwood Group provides for our Washington, D.C. operations out of the business advisory firm’s offices at 1700 Pennsylvania Ave. Collingwood was founded to help clients grow and protect their businesses. By partnering with them, and meeting in D.C. at least twice throughout the 14 week cohort, we align the former head of FHA, the former head of Ginnie Mae, and additional partners who have held senior leadership positions in HUD, Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, and other major financial services organizations. Their strengths enable SixThirty CYBER to identify and secure business opportunities with the federal government and the GSEs; and help startups comply with, interpret and operate effectively within the ever-changing regulatory environment.  


































SixThirty Introduces Innovative Cybersecurity Accelerator, SixThirty CYBER 








































































English
Français











Register
Sign In













SixThirty Introduces Innovative Cybersecurity Accelerator, SixThirty CYBER
Will Partner with The Collingwood Group to Co-locate in St. Louis & Washington DC



















June 16, 2016 10:44 ET

 | Source: The Collingwood Group LLC





WASHINGTON and ST. LOUIS, June 16, 2016 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- via PRWEB - SixThirty, the global financial technology (FinTech) venture fund and accelerator based out of St. Louis, today announced the launch of a new accelerator focused exclusively on cybersecurity, SixThirty CYBER. SixThirty CYBER will partner and co-locate with The Collingwood Group, a Washington DC-based business advisory firm. The Cyber Security Accelerator will invest $10 Million (M) over the next five years into the most promising cyber startups serving the financial services industry – a sector increasingly vulnerable to cyber attacks.

	SixThirty CYBER will build upon the proven operating model and infrastructure of the SixThirty FinTech Accelerator, which has already helped successfully fund and promote the growth of more than twenty businesses in three years under the stewardship of Cultivation Capital, the St. Louis Regional Chamber and a number of other General Partners, including Brian Matthews, Managing Partner of Cultivation Capital, and Jim McKelvey, Co-Founder of Square. The Accelerator will leverage The Collingwood Group's established presence in the DC market and extensive expertise within financial services to assist businesses in the Accelerator to develop superior corporate strategies to engage the federal government, the government-sponsored enterprises, Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, and other key players in the financial services industry.

	"In the past year, an increasing number of applicants to the SixThirty Accelerator program were companies that were focused primarily on cybersecurity technology solutions. That fact, combined with the ever-increasing risks posed to the financial services industry, made it evident that there was genuine market demand for an early-stage venture fund and program that specifically targets cybersecurity solution providers," said Atul Kamra, Managing Partner of SixThirty.

	Jay DeLong will manage SixThirty CYBER. DeLong is the Co-Founding General Partner of SixThirty. "We have a proven model and experience operating a FinTech accelerator, as well as established credentials supporting financial services firms," he said. "With the addition of The Collingwood Group as a General Partner, we are able to expand SixThirty CYBER'S ecosystem to include a firm with extensive experience in Washington DC, unrivaled knowledge of the financial services industry and a proven track record working with early-stage technology companies. We believe these are critical elements of success in the cybersecurity space," he added. In addition to DeLong, the general partnership has been expanded to include John True of Cultivation Capital's TechFund II and Jason Clark, currently the Chief Information Security Officer (CISO) at Optiv. Clark was previously the CISO at Websense, Emerson and the New York Times. He is also Founder and President of SixThirty CYBER's strategic partner, Security Advisor Alliance, who brings a sounding board and a customer base of CISOs from some of the largest companies within the US.

	Brian O'Reilly, Collingwood Group's Co-Founder and President commented on the promising new venture; "Collingwood has nearly a decade of proven experience assisting companies in identifying business opportunities in both the commercial and government sectors of the financial services industry. The company is also a trusted advisor to firms throughout the industry and assists those clients in fashioning solutions to complex business problems, especially those with potential regulatory impact." The Collingwood Group will help create a solid foundation to launch cyber startups. O'Reilly continued, "Cybersecurity poses risks to all companies operating in financial services (lenders, servicers and service providers) that are unprecedented and potentially franchise ending. Unfortunately, only the largest companies in the industry seem to be confronting and tackling cyber risks systematically and cohesively. Collingwood's participation in SixThirty CYBER will enhance the firm's ability to support its clients, in particular independent mortgage originators and industry service providers in identifying and implementing scalable, cost effective and manageable cyber solutions that are best in class, as well as sustainable."

	SixThirty CYBER is excited to launch its first invitation for applications on June 7, 2016. Applications for the program will be accepted until July 12, 2016. The first Accelerator class is expected to consist of five firms and will begin in September 2016. The program will be housed in the T-REX space in St. Louis along with sessions in Washington, DC. For more information on SixThirty CYBER, visit http://www.SixThirtyCYBER.com.

	About SixThirty:

	SixThirty is a business development accelerator that invests in later seed-stage financial technology startups with working products. SixThirty accepts startups in both its fall and spring cohorts. Each startup receives up to a $100,000 investment in exchange for a negotiated percentage of equity. The companies selected to take part in the accelerator program participate in a 14-week program that focuses on hands-on training, mentoring, and networking opportunities with leaders from the top financial services companies in the country.

	About The Collingwood Group:

	Collingwood is a business advisory firm serving the financial services and fintech industries. Collingwood helps clients grow their businesses, and with its team of professional services experts, Collingwood assists companies to achieve operational excellence. For more information about The Collingwood Group its services or SixThirty CYBER, please visit http://www.collingwoodllc.com, or the contacts identified below.

	This article was originally distributed on PRWeb. For the original version including any supplementary images or video, visit http://www.prweb.com/releases/2016/06/prweb13490664.htm
The Collingwood Group
Brian O'Reilly

+1 2026269722



Related Articles
other press releases by The Collingwood Group LLC


The Collingwood Group Forms Investment Bank
October 15, 2015 08:06


Former Freddie Mac Executive Joins The Collingwood Group as Managing Director
September 08, 2015 07:04


The Collingwood Group Official Statement on FHA Loan-level Certification
September 03, 2015 13:53


Collingwood Group White Paper: The Mortgage Industry is Ripe for Disruption
August 10, 2015 07:04


Former Promontory Executive Joins The Collingwood Group as Senior Vice President
August 05, 2015 18:44






65



other news releases in

Government News

in the last 30 days
                            











Profile

The Collingwood Group LLC





  Subscribe via RSS
 Subscribe via ATOM
 Javascript



    UNITED STATES




Contact Data
The Collingwood Group
Brian O'Reilly

+1 2026269722

Contact



With a Reader Account, it's easy to send email directly to the contact for this release. Sign up today for your free Reader Account!



Already have an account?  Log in here.











Related Links


http://www.collingwoodllc.com














Newswire Distribution Network & Management



Home
Newsroom
RSS Feeds
Legal
Contact Us






About Us
GlobeNewswire, a Nasdaq company, is one of the world's largest newswire distribution networks, specializing in the delivery of corporate press releases financial disclosures and multimedia content to the media, investment community, individual investors and the general public.
            




Contact Us


Corporate Headquarters
2321 Rosecrans Avenue.
Suite 2200
El Segundo, CA 90245
Phone: (800) 307-6627
Fax:  (800) 307-3567
            


European Headquarters
Woolgate Exchange,
25 Basinghall Street,
London EC2V 5HA
UK
Phone: +1 866-465-8454




© 2017 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All Rights Reserved.








SixThirty Launches New Cybersecurity Startup Accelerator | SixThirty CYBER






















































 




















SixThirty Launches New Cybersecurity Startup Accelerator

June 6, 2016thebusinessartist 




SixThirty, the global financial technology (FinTech) venture fund and accelerator based out of St. Louis, today announced the launch of SixThirty CYBER, a cybersecurity-focused fund and accelerator that plans to invest $10 million into cybersecurity startups over the next five years.
SixThirty CYBER is based on the same successful principles as the SixThirty FinTech Accelerator, launched in 2013 by the St. Louis Regional Chamber and Cultivation Capital.  SixThirty CYBER will accept five startups in each of two classes per year from hundreds of global applications, beginning in the fall of 2016. Each of the startups selected to participate in the program will receive an investment up to $100,000 and will take part in a fourteen-week accelerator program that will offer hands-on training, mentoring and business development support.
“The conditions in St. Louis that made our FinTech business development accelerator so successful are the same ones that will lead to the success of the CYBER program,” said Brian Mathews, Managing Partner of Cultivation Capital, a founding partner of SixThirty CYBER.
SixThirty Managing Partner Atul Kamra, noted, “Investing in B2B FinTech startups and teams has taught us that three factors drive their growth and acceleration: access to decision makers, a dogged focus on customer revenue, and mentors with operating experience.”  The community-based approach, providing startups access to Edwards Jones, MasterCard, RGA, Scottrade, UMB and Wells Fargo Advisors, among others, has proven to be a great fit for the St. Louis region’s corporate assets and culture.
A growing number of SixThirty’s hundreds of applicants each year are focused on cybersecurity solutions, making it an ideal organization to help foster innovation.  “We have a proven model and experience in operating accelerators and a natural flow of cybersecurity startups,” added Kamra.  “We decided to invite partners that are experts in the space to leverage our deal flow and launch a dedicated cybersecurity fund.” Other general partners include Brian O’Reilly of Collingwood LLC, John True of Cultivation Capital’s TechFund II and Jason Clark, currently the Chief Innovation Officer at Optiv, and formerly Chief Information Security Officer (CISO) at Websense, Emerson Electric and the New York Times. Jason is also co-founder & President of the CYBER accelerator’s strategic partner Security Advisor Alliance, representing a sounding board and potential customer base of CISOs from some of the largest U.S. companies.
“St. Louis employers across all of our targeted growth industries – logistics, health, biosciences, and financial services – have shown themselves to be open to working with innovative new companies,” said Joe Reagan, President & CEO of the St. Louis Regional Chamber.  “With SixThirty Cyber, we are leveraging that great cooperation by connecting cyber security startups with potential customers, just as we have been doing with financial service startups.”  The Regional Chamber was the first investor to commit to the new accelerator from its Spirit of St. Louis Ventures fund, and is making a three-year equity investment to the program.
SixThirty co-founding General Partner Jay DeLong was tapped to manage the new CYBER fund. He emphasizes that, in addition to the corporate sector, SixThirty CYBER will provide access to federal sector customers as well.  “While the financial services corporate sector continues as an obvious market for many cyber startups, healthcare, IT, manufacturing, defense and federal agencies also face regular risk of a cyber attack.  For SixThirty, that’s what makes the Collingwood (Washington D.C.-based Collingwood LLC) partnership so critical. They represent an incredibly important bridge to the federal market.”
The bi-state St. Louis region is home to two cyber commands at Scott Air Force Base, the western campus of the National Geospatial Intelligence Agency (NGA), and the newly formed Midwest Cyber Center of Excellence, all of which present strong business opportunities for the startups selected to participate in the accelerator.  SixThirty CYBER also sees the potential for strong collaboration with strategic partner Security Advisor Alliance.
The first class will begin in September, 2016, and will be housed in the T-REX co-working space in downtown St. Louis. Applications for the program are being accepted at www.sixthirtycyber.com until July 12th.



 


































Reinsurance Group of America Partners with SixThirty to Help Develop FinTech Startups | SixThirty































































 





















Reinsurance Group of America Partners with SixThirty to Help Develop FinTech Startups

March 7, 2016thebusinessartist 




Reinsurance Group of America, Incorporated (RGA) today announced that its subsidiary, RGAx, LLC, (RGAx) has entered into a strategic partnership with SixThirty, a St. Louis-based venture fund that invests in financial technology (FinTech) startup companies. Backed by the St. Louis Regional Chamber and venture capital firm Cultivation Capital, SixThirty is a business development accelerator that invests up to $100,000 in select FinTech startup companies each year.
“RGA has been a part of the St. Louis business landscape for more than 40 years, and we are proud to invest in our local community,” said Tim Rozar, Chief Executive Officer of RGAx. “With St. Louis as one of the country’s largest financial hubs, and thanks to the investment and support from local groups like SixThirty, we are poised to climb the ranks of the most startup-friendly communities in the country.”
Rozar noted an analysis of funding data, completed by Mattermark, which looked at the number of investment rounds closed and total deal value produced showing St. Louis currently as the fastest growing startup city in the US. “When our local entrepreneurs succeed, it creates a ripple effect, strengthening the local talent pool, fueling economic growth and job creation, and generating innovative ideas from which we all can benefit.”
As part of the partnership, RGA’s Farron Blanc, Vice President, Innovation for RGAx, will join SixThirty’s Investment Committee, and will help review and select FinTech startups to participate in the accelerator program.
“RGA’s open and inclusive attitude to innovation is refreshing”, said Atul Kamra, Managing Partner of SixThirty. “Their global perspective is a real value add to FinTech entrepreneurs, and we are delighted to welcome them to the SixThirty community.”
The companies selected to take part in the accelerator program will participate in a 14-week development program focusing on training, mentoring and networking opportunities with some of the top financial services companies in the region.



 































