    David Skena | Ruby Tuesday Inc | ZoomInfo.com



People directory - Last Names - Skena















 
Contact
Login










 Home
People Alphabetically
S

Skena




People directory with over 600,000,000 names!

Please select a first name!

Alfred Skena
Amy Skena
Candace Skena
Carl Skena
Chad Skena
Christopher Skena
Clarence Skena
Daivd Skena
Daniel Skena
David Skena
Deanna Skena
Dianne Skena
Dolores Skena
Earlene Skena
Ed Skena
Edward Skena
F Skena
Frank Skena
Gary Skena
Gerald Skena
Glenn Skena
Gloria Skena
Joyce Skena
Kenneth Skena
Lauren Skena
Lona Skena
Londa Skena
Mark Skena
Mary Skena
Melva Skena
Merle Skena
Patricia Skena
Peter Skena
Raymond Skena
Richard Skena
Robert Skena
Ronald Skena
Ruth Skena
Susan Skena
T Skena
Thomas Skena
Toni Skena








 


 




1,379,043,021 total records available




Tweet





  Testimonials Read testimonials from real customers who already used our services. Read More

  Webmasters Earn 75% commission on every sale you drive to our website. Weekly payouts! Read More

   Mobile Version Visit us from your smart phone anywhere you are. Read More

   Recent Lookups Check out the most recent reverse phone lookups on PeopleByName.com Read More

 



 Home Mobile Version Phone Directory People Directory Remove information
 Terms of Service Privacy Policy Affiliate Program About Us 
 Member Login Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Testimonials 
 Careers Product & Services Volume Discounts Site Map 




© PeopleByName All Rights Reserved. 2010-2017




 



Ruby Tuesday Appoints David Skena as Chief Marketing Officer | Business Wire
























































Ruby Tuesday Appoints David Skena as Chief Marketing Officer






July 21, 2015 04:16 PM Eastern Daylight Time



MARYVILLE, Tenn.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Ruby Tuesday, Inc. (NYSE: RT) today announced the appointment of David 
      Skena as Chief Marketing Officer, effective today.
    


      Skena is a seasoned and accomplished senior marketing executive with 
      over twenty years of marketing and consulting experience in the consumer 
      packaged goods and retail sectors with particular expertise in 
      brand-building, campaign management, marketing and business strategy 
      development, product innovation and promotions, and advertising and 
      creative development, including digital and social media.
    

      Over the past nine years, Skena progressed through PepsiCo, Inc. with 
      increasing levels of responsibility, most recently serving as the Vice 
      President of Premium and Value Brands, including Stacy’s Pita Chips and 
      Smartfood popcorn, among others. Skena has been recognized by Effie 
      Worldwide for his role in developing effective advertising creative for 
      various marketing campaigns. Prior to PepsiCo, Skena served over six 
      years at Kraft Foods, Inc. in brand management for multiple product 
      lines.
    

      In the Chief Marketing Officer role, Skena will be responsible for 
      developing and implementing effective marketing strategies and 
      initiatives to build brand awareness and customer loyalty through 
      traditional media, digital and social channels, and other innovative 
      platforms.
    

      JJ Buettgen, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer stated “We 
      are delighted to have Dave join the Ruby Tuesday team. With his 
      extensive strategy and marketing experience, along with his 
      team-oriented leadership style, Dave will be a valued addition to our 
      Executive Team and will help our marketing organization accelerate our 
      brand transformation efforts.”
    

      ABOUT RUBY TUESDAY
    

      As of March 3, 2015, Ruby Tuesday, Inc. owned, operated and franchised 
      nearly 740 Ruby Tuesday restaurants throughout the United States and in 
      selected international locations. Ruby Tuesday, Inc. also owns, operates 
      and franchises 26 Lime Fresh brand restaurants. Ruby Tuesday, Inc. is 
      traded on the New York Stock Exchange (Symbol: RT).
    

Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Information


This press release contains various forward-looking statements, which 
      represent our expectations or beliefs concerning future events, 
      including one or more of the following: future financial 
      performance (including our estimates of growth in same-restaurant sales, 
      average sales per restaurant, operating margins, expenses and other 
      items), future capital expenditures, the effect of strategic initiatives 
      (including statements relating to cost savings initiatives and the 
      benefits of our television marketing), the opening or closing of 
      restaurants by us or our franchisees, sales of our real estate or 
      purchases of new real estate, future borrowings and repayments of debt, 
      availability of financing on terms attractive to the Company, compliance 
      with financial covenants in our debt instruments, payment of dividends, 
      stock and bond repurchases, restaurant acquisitions, and changes in 
      senior management and in the Board of Directors. We caution the 
      reader that a number of important factors and uncertainties could, 
      individually or in the aggregate, cause our actual results to differ 
      materially from those included in the forward-looking statements, 
      including, without limitation, the following: general economic 
      conditions; changes in promotional, couponing and advertising 
      strategies; changes in our customers’ disposable income; consumer 
      spending trends and habits; increased competition in the restaurant 
      market; governmental laws and regulations, including those affecting 
      labor and employee benefit costs, such as further potential increases in 
      state and federally mandated minimum wages, and healthcare reform; the 
      impact of pending litigation; customers’ acceptance of changes in menu 
      items; changes in the availability and cost of capital; potential 
      limitations imposed by debt covenants under our debt instruments; 
      weather conditions in the regions in which Company-owned and franchised 
      restaurants are operated; costs and availability of food and beverage 
      inventory, including supply and delivery shortages or interruptions; 
      significant fluctuations in energy prices; security breaches of our 
      customers’ or employees’ confidential information or personal data or 
      the failure of our information technology and computer systems; our 
      ability to attract and retain qualified managers, franchisees and team 
      members; impact of adoption of new accounting standards; impact of 
      food-borne illnesses resulting from an outbreak at either one of our 
      restaurant concepts or other competing restaurant concepts; and effects 
      of actual or threatened future terrorist attacks in the United States.



Contacts

      Ruby Tuesday, Inc.Corporate:Jill Golder, 865-379-5700Analysts:Dominique 
      Piccolo, 865-379-5725
    

















Contacts

      Ruby Tuesday, Inc.Corporate:Jill Golder, 865-379-5700Analysts:Dominique 
      Piccolo, 865-379-5725
    






 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up
























 David Skena |  IZEAFest




 






















 





















    

























No menu assigned!












  




2017 Speaker




David
Skena




Chief Marketing Officer









2017 Speaker




David
Skena




Chief Marketing Officer





  





  





  





Dave Skena is the Chief Marketing Officer for Ruby Tuesday. He is responsible for developing and implementing marketing strategies and initiatives to build brand awareness and customer loyalty through traditional media, digital and social channels, and other innovative platforms. Dave is also responsible for culinary development, consumer insights and guest relations.

Dave is a seasoned and accomplished senior marketing executive with over twenty years of marketing and consulting experience in the consumer packaged goods, retail and restaurant sectors with particular expertise in brand-building, campaign management, marketing and business strategy development, product innovation and promotions, and advertising and creative development, including digital and social media.

At Ruby Tuesday, Dave drove the development of a new brand strategy and vision which resulted in significant changes to the items on the menu, the menu itself and the development and execution of a greatly enhanced new Garden Bar – Ruby Tuesday’s key point of difference.

Prior to Ruby Tuesday, Dave progressed through PepsiCo, Inc. with increasing levels of responsibility, leading brands such as Lay’s, SunChips, Stacy’s Pita Chips and Smartfood popcorn, among others. Skena has been recognized by Effie Worldwide for his role in developing effective advertising creative for various marketing campaigns. Prior to PepsiCo, Skena served over six years at Kraft Foods, Inc. in brand management for multiple product lines.

Dave holds a B.A. in Economics from Bucknell University, a Graduate degree in Economics from the University of East Anglia (Norwich, England) and received his MBA from the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University. Dave, his wife, Amy, and their 3 daughters live in Orlando, Florida.










Follow Ruby Tuesday
@rubytuesday 





  




Interested in speaking at IZEAFest? APPLY NOW! 





  


  




2017 Lineup








View All 





  





Chris Brogan










Michelle Dauchy










Emmy Laybourrne










Peter Shankman
















© 2017 IZEAFest.  Orlando, FL. All Rights Reserved, IZEA Inc.  



          










2017 Event

2017 Event Overview
Location

Exclusive Events


2017 Lineup
2017 Sessions






 



























Ruby Tuesday Appoints David Skena As Chief Marketing Officer - TheStreet




































































 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 








































Ruby Tuesday Appoints David Skena As Chief Marketing Officer






Business Wire




Jul 21, 2015 4:16 PM EDT













 




























































  Ruby Tuesday, Inc. (NYSE: RT) today announced the appointment of David Skena as Chief Marketing Officer, effective today.  Skena is a seasoned and accomplished senior marketing executive with over twenty years of marketing and consulting experience in the consumer packaged goods and retail sectors with particular expertise in brand-building, campaign management, marketing and business strategy development, product innovation and promotions, and advertising and creative development, including digital and social media.  Over the past nine years, Skena progressed through PepsiCo, Inc. with increasing levels of responsibility, most recently serving as the Vice President of Premium and Value Brands, including Stacy's Pita Chips and Smartfood popcorn, among others. Skena has been recognized by Effie Worldwide for his role in developing effective advertising creative for various marketing campaigns. Prior to PepsiCo, Skena served over six years at Kraft Foods, Inc. in brand management for multiple product lines.  In the Chief Marketing Officer role, Skena will be responsible for developing and implementing effective marketing strategies and initiatives to build brand awareness and customer loyalty through traditional media, digital and social channels, and other innovative platforms.  JJ Buettgen, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer stated "We are delighted to have Dave join the Ruby Tuesday team. With his extensive strategy and marketing experience, along with his team-oriented leadership style, Dave will be a valued addition to our Executive Team and will help our marketing organization accelerate our brand transformation efforts."  ABOUT RUBY TUESDAY  As of March 3, 2015, Ruby Tuesday, Inc. owned, operated and franchised nearly 740 Ruby Tuesday restaurants throughout the United States and in selected international locations. Ruby Tuesday, Inc. also owns, operates and franchises 26 Lime Fresh brand restaurants. Ruby Tuesday, Inc. is traded on the New York Stock Exchange (Symbol: RT).  



 








 










































If you liked this article you might like













My Midyear Value Investing Highs and Lows
Bob Evans Farms and Kulicke & Soffa were among the first-half winners, while Ruby Tuesday and Fitbit were big disappointments.



Jonathan Heller

Jul 10, 2017 10:00 AM EDT
























Taking a Jab at JAB's Panera Purchase Price
The price may not seem ridiculous given a company of Panera's quality, but this is not the environment to be overpaying for restaurants.



Jonathan Heller

Apr 7, 2017 11:00 AM EDT
























6 Stocks That Could Get a Bump From Glenn Welling
Rent-A-Center, Ruby Tuesday, Benchmark Electronics, SunOpta, Magnachip Semiconductor and Jamba Juice are all at various stages of being targeted by Welling's Engaged Capital



Ronald Orol

Apr 5, 2017 8:15 PM EDT
























How to Make Some Bread as Panera Follows Amazon's Lead
The bakery-café has announced it will begin offering delivery service from all of its locations. Here's why investors should order up.



John Persinos

Mar 31, 2017 1:18 PM EDT








































 











Trending


Starbucks Shares Are Plunging by More Than 10% -- Go Out and Buy!


Amazon Shares Could Still Bust Open Your Wallet If You Aren't Very Careful


Donald Trump Can Now Blame Apple for Atlantic's Reporting


Worst Performing Tech Stocks: AMZN, AMD, MU, WDC


U.S. Steel Shares Are Being Torched, Thanks to One Stock Analyst











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 


















Ruby Tuesday Appoints David Skena as Chief Marketing Officer









































































👤 Register / Login








 Contact
Advertise
Newsletters
Magazines
Conferences
 Company
 














Search:


2,849 Franchises | 3,456 Articles | 62,107 News Stories








 







Home:
News:
Ruby Tuesday:

Ruby Tuesday Appoints David Skena as Chief Marketing Officer

By: Ruby Tuesday |  6 Shares     28 Reads
MARYVILLE, Tenn. - (BUSINESS WIRE) - July 21, 2015 - Ruby Tuesday, Inc. (NYSE: RT) today announced the appointment of David Skena as Chief Marketing Officer, effective today.
Skena is a seasoned and accomplished senior marketing executive with over twenty years of marketing and consulting experience in the consumer packaged goods and retail sectors with particular expertise in brand-building, campaign management, marketing and business strategy development, product innovation and promotions, and advertising and creative development, including digital and social media.
Over the past nine years, Skena progressed through PepsiCo, Inc. with increasing levels of responsibility, most recently serving as the Vice President of Premium and Value Brands, including Stacy’s Pita Chips and Smartfood popcorn, among others. Skena has been recognized by Effie Worldwide for his role in developing effective advertising creative for various marketing campaigns. Prior to PepsiCo, Skena served over six years at Kraft Foods, Inc. in brand management for multiple product lines.
In the Chief Marketing Officer role, Skena will be responsible for developing and implementing effective marketing strategies and initiatives to build brand awareness and customer loyalty through traditional media, digital and social channels, and other innovative platforms.
JJ Buettgen, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer stated “We are delighted to have Dave join the Ruby Tuesday team. With his extensive strategy and marketing experience, along with his team-oriented leadership style, Dave will be a valued addition to our Executive Team and will help our marketing organization accelerate our brand transformation efforts.”
About Ruby Tuesday
As of March 3, 2015, Ruby Tuesday, Inc. owned, operated and franchised nearly 740 Ruby Tuesday restaurants throughout the United States and in selected international locations. Ruby Tuesday, Inc. also owns, operates and franchises 26 Lime Fresh brand restaurants. Ruby Tuesday, Inc. is traded on the New York Stock Exchange (Symbol: RT).
Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Information
This press release contains various forward-looking statements, which represent our expectations or beliefs concerning future events, including one or more of the following: future financial performance (including our estimates of growth in same-restaurant sales, average sales per restaurant, operating margins, expenses and other items), future capital expenditures, the effect of strategic initiatives (including statements relating to cost savings initiatives and the benefits of our television marketing), the opening or closing of restaurants by us or our franchisees, sales of our real estate or purchases of new real estate, future borrowings and repayments of debt, availability of financing on terms attractive to the Company, compliance with financial covenants in our debt instruments, payment of dividends, stock and bond repurchases, restaurant acquisitions, and changes in senior management and in the Board of Directors. We caution the reader that a number of important factors and uncertainties could, individually or in the aggregate, cause our actual results to differ materially from those included in the forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, the following: general economic conditions; changes in promotional, couponing and advertising strategies; changes in our customers’ disposable income; consumer spending trends and habits; increased competition in the restaurant market; governmental laws and regulations, including those affecting labor and employee benefit costs, such as further potential increases in state and federally mandated minimum wages, and healthcare reform; the impact of pending litigation; customers’ acceptance of changes in menu items; changes in the availability and cost of capital; potential limitations imposed by debt covenants under our debt instruments; weather conditions in the regions in which Company-owned and franchised restaurants are operated; costs and availability of food and beverage inventory, including supply and delivery shortages or interruptions; significant fluctuations in energy prices; security breaches of our customers’ or employees’ confidential information or personal data or the failure of our information technology and computer systems; our ability to attract and retain qualified managers, franchisees and team members; impact of adoption of new accounting standards; impact of food-borne illnesses resulting from an outbreak at either one of our restaurant concepts or other competing restaurant concepts; and effects of actual or threatened future terrorist attacks in the United States.
View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20150721006599/en/.
SOURCE Ruby Tuesday, Inc.
Contacts:
Jill GolderRuby Tuesday, Inc.Corporate Relations865-379-5700
Dominique PiccoloAnalysts Relations865-379-5725###


Share this Story:

Comments:


Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
comments powered by Disqus











Franchise News Room »




 All Franchise News
 Expansion
 Financial
 Mergers & Acquisitions
 Personnel



 General Announcements
 Conference
 Product Announcements
 Media Coverage
 Strategic Alliances










News By Industry »




 Art
 Automotive
 Beauty
 Business Services
 Childrens
 Cleaning and Maintenance
 Computer and Internet Services
 Construction
 Education
 Entertainment
 Financial Services
 Fitness
 Food
 Franchise Consultants



 Health
 Home Services
 Medical
 Moving and Storage
 Pet
 Recreation
 Retail
 Senior Care
 Small Business
 Specialty
 Staffing
 Travel
 Vending







Featured Opportunities

Kiddie Academy
Educational Child Care Franchise. Kiddie Academy is one of the nation's most respected providers of quality educational child care.


Sky Zone
Sky Zone created, built and franchises the first of its kind wall-to-wall trampoline playing courts with unlimited purposes and endless possibilities.


Massage Envy
Massage Envy clinics are designed to provide a compelling image, an inviting and functional environment and the highest degree of operational...


Sonic Drive-In
Here's your chance to own a SONIC® Drive-in Franchise Restaurant. As the nation's largest drive-in chain, SONIC® has successfully served up hot,...


RetroFitness
Retro Fitness is well positioned for today's economy and to dominate the low cost segment by offering a high quality and value add product in...









Subscribe to Franchising.com Express
 






Share This Page




CHANNELS

Franchise Opportunities
Multi-Unit Franchisees
Franchisors

GETTING STARTED

 What is Franchising?
 Franchising Articles
 Franchise Events
 Franchise Guides
 Franchise News
 Success Stories
 Franchise Videos
 Net Worth Calculator

 OPPORTUNITIES

 Search
Top Franchises
Hot Franchises
Featured Franchises
Newly Added Franchises
Trending Franchises
International Franchises
 Franchises A-Z
 By Industry
 By Type
 By Location
 By Investment
 By Maturity

 RESOURCES
  Accounting
 Advertising
 Associations
 Big Data
 Conferences
 Customer Relations
 Facilities
 Financing
 Human Resources
 Legal
 Local Marketing
 Payment Processing
 Real Estate
 Security
 Technology
 Telecommunications

 PRODUCTS & SERVICES

 Annual Franchise Development Report
 Multi-Unit Buyer's Guide
 Technology Buyer's Guide

CONFERENCES

 Franchise Leadership & Development Conference
 Multi-Unit Franchising Conference
 European Multi-Unit Franchising Conference
 Franchise Consumer Marketing Conference

MAGAZINES

Multi-Unit Franchisee Magazine
Franchise Update Magazine


 ABOUT

 Advertising
 News
 Blogs
 Contact Us
 Legal Notices
 Privacy Policy
 Advertiser Login

SOCIAL

  Facebook
  LinkedIn
  Twitter
  YouTube
  Google+
  Instagram




The   franchise opportunities listed above are not related to or endorsed by Franchising.com or Franchise Update Media Group. We are not engaged in, supporting, or endorsing any specific franchise, business opportunity, company or individual. No statement in this site is to be construed as a recommendation. We encourage prospective franchise buyers to perform extensive due diligence when considering a   franchise opportunity.







Franchise Update Media |
P.O. Box 20547 // San Jose, CA 95160 // PH. (408) 402-5681
Copyright © 2001 - 2017. All Rights Reserved.
In Loving Memory Of Timothy Gardner (1987-2014)


























Ruby Tuesday Appoints David Skena as Chief Marketing Officer | Restaurant Magazine





























































































 

Home
Advertising
Submit News
Privacy Policy
Contact
 















Restaurant Magazine
Restaurant News and Reviews











Ruby Tuesday Appoints David Skena as Chief Marketing Officer
Posted on July 21, 2015. 









David Skena
Ruby Tuesday, Inc. (NYSE: RT) today announced the appointment of David Skena as Chief Marketing Officer, effective today.
Skena is a seasoned and accomplished senior marketing executive with over twenty years of marketing and consulting experience in the consumer packaged goods and retail sectors with particular expertise in brand-building, campaign management, marketing and business strategy development, product innovation and promotions, and advertising and creative development, including digital and social media.
Over the past nine years, Skena progressed through PepsiCo, Inc. with increasing levels of responsibility, most recently serving as the Vice President of Premium and Value Brands, including Stacy’s Pita Chips and Smartfood popcorn, among others. Skena has been recognized by Effie Worldwide for his role in developing effective advertising creative for various marketing campaigns. Prior to PepsiCo, Skena served over six years at Kraft Foods, Inc. in brand management for multiple product lines.
In the Chief Marketing Officer role, Skena will be responsible for developing and implementing effective marketing strategies and initiatives to build brand awareness and customer loyalty through traditional media, digital and social channels, and other innovative platforms.
JJ Buettgen, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer stated “We are delighted to have Dave join the Ruby Tuesday team. With his extensive strategy and marketing experience, along with his team-oriented leadership style, Dave will be a valued addition to our Executive Team and will help our marketing organization accelerate our brand transformation efforts.”
As of March 3, 2015, Ruby Tuesday, Inc. owned, operated and franchised nearly 740 Ruby Tuesday restaurants throughout the United States and in selected international locations. Ruby Tuesday, Inc. also owns, operates and franchises 26 Lime Fresh brand restaurants. Ruby Tuesday, Inc. is traded on the New York Stock Exchange (Symbol: RT).

















Hooters Expands with Additional Location in Mexico CitySummer in a Skoop: Nékter Juice Bar Debuts Simply Strawberry Skoop, New Seasonal Flavor ofApex Prepares To Welcome 1st Pei Wei Restaurant1851 Franchise Reveals Evaluation Scores for 200 Franchisor WebsitesPotbelly Sandwich Shop Kicks Off National Sandwich Month With Opportunity to Win Potbelly for aMOOYAH Burgers, Fries & Shakes Beefs Up its Menu with The Ranch HandRestaurant Chain Growth Report 7/26/17Friendswood, Texas Gets Smokin' New Dickey's Barbecue Pit LocationCapriotti's Strengthens Franchise Training and Operations Team NationwideGarbanzo Coming Soon To George Mason University




 



 





Restaurant Franchise OpportunitiesRecent Posts 
Pie Five Introduces Personalized Pizza To ClearwaterStarbucks to Acquire Remaining Shares of East China JV to Operate All Stores in MainlandTexas-Style Dickey's Barbecue Coming to Barclays Center in BrooklynGinger Monkey Declares July 31 as Last Call for 10 Cent Drinks in JulySalata Breaks Ground On First Arlington RestaurantArooga's Grille House & Sports Bar Set for 9th Anniversary Bash at its Original Route 22 LocationHiring Now Underway For New Zoup! in Washington, Pa.Fazoli's Layers on the Love for National Lasagna DayAdvent International Announces Majority Investment in Daytime Cafe Operator First Watch RestaurantsAnthony's Coal Fired Pizza Builds Momentum in Philadelphia with Blue Bell Opening


 



 







© 2017 RestaurantMagazine.com
A RestaurantNews.com Website















 






















		     Ruby Tuesday Appoints David Skena as Chief Marketing Officer - Produce Blue Book	


















































 Member LoginJoin Today


Home
Services

Manage Risk
Resolve Disputes
Local Source
Get Listed
Advertise
Gain Knowledge


Why Join?

Ratings & Scores
Marketing Power
Search Tools
Trading Assistance
Real-Time Data
Education


News & Insights

General News
Produce Blueprints
Know Your Commodity


About Us

Español
Values & Standards
Our History
Our Leadership
Video Library


Contact Us
Find Companies
 











 General News  Produce Blueprints  

Grande Produce Issues Voluntary Recall of Limited Quantity of Papaya “Caribena” Due to Potential Health Risk Tanimura & Antle Brings on Organic Expert John McKeon Pinnacle Foods Reports Second Quarter Fiscal 2017 Results The Coca-Cola Company Reports Second Quarter 2017 Results Blue Apron Holdings, Inc. Announces Changes to Executive Leadership Team Multistate Outbreak of Salmonella Kiambu Infections Linked to Imported Maradol Papayas USDA Restricts PACA Violators in California and Georgia from Operating in the Produce Industry SUPERVALU Reports First Quarter Fiscal 2018 Results Smart & Final Stores, Inc. Reports Second Quarter 2017 Financial Results Kirk Bailey Promoted to Operations Manager Traveling At High Speed Markets, Procurement  & Pricing Strategies Summer in the City: Detroit Style An Agreement of “Full Protection” Is Rendered Void When The Buyer Fails To Keep Records To Substantiate Its Resales and Losses Feel the South Jersey Vibe Transit Temperature Instructions The Superfood Phenomenon Loving the Variety of  California Grapes Strawberry Woes: A Case Study Taste Of Chicago 









 
 
View Produce Blueprints Quarterly Journal
View the journal’s Supplement: Toronto Trends & Outlook
View the journal’s Supplement: Roll On Down The Highway
 







General News


Ruby Tuesday Appoints David Skena as Chief Marketing Officer

 July 22nd, 2015 -  General News				
			



Print
Email





Share
0




Tweet
0




LinkedIn
0

 


 

Company Press Release
MARYVILLE, Tenn.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Jul. 21, 2015– Ruby Tuesday, Inc. (NYSE: RT) today announced the appointment of David Skena as Chief Marketing Officer, effective today. 
Skena is a seasoned and accomplished senior marketing executive with over twenty years of marketing and consulting experience in the consumer packaged goods and retail sectors with particular expertise in brand-building, campaign management, marketing and business strategy development, product innovation and promotions, and advertising and creative development, including digital and social media. 
Over the past nine years, Skena progressed through PepsiCo, Inc. with increasing levels of responsibility, most recently serving as the Vice President of Premium and Value Brands, including Stacy’s Pita Chips and Smartfood popcorn, among others. Skena has been recognized by Effie Worldwide for his role in developing effective advertising creative for various marketing campaigns. Prior to PepsiCo, Skena served over six years at Kraft Foods, Inc. in brand management for multiple product lines. 
In the Chief Marketing Officer role, Skena will be responsible for developing and implementing effective marketing strategies and initiatives to build brand awareness and customer loyalty through traditional media, digital and social channels, and other innovative platforms. 
JJ Buettgen, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer stated “We are delighted to have Dave join the Ruby Tuesday team. With his extensive strategy and marketing experience, along with his team-oriented leadership style, Dave will be a valued addition to our Executive Team and will help our marketing organization accelerate our brand transformation efforts.” 
ABOUT RUBY TUESDAY 
As of March 3, 2015, Ruby Tuesday, Inc. owned, operated and franchised nearly 740 Ruby Tuesday restaurants throughout the United States and in selected international locations. Ruby Tuesday, Inc. also owns, operates and franchises 26 Lime Fresh brand restaurants. Ruby Tuesday, Inc. is traded on the New York Stock Exchange (Symbol: RT). 
Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Information 
This press release contains various forward-looking statements, which represent our expectations or beliefs concerning future events, including one or more of the following: future financial performance (including our estimates of growth in same-restaurant sales, average sales per restaurant, operating margins, expenses and other items), future capital expenditures, the effect of strategic initiatives (including statements relating to cost savings initiatives and the benefits of our television marketing), the opening or closing of restaurants by us or our franchisees, sales of our real estate or purchases of new real estate, future borrowings and repayments of debt, availability of financing on terms attractive to the Company, compliance with financial covenants in our debt instruments, payment of dividends, stock and bond repurchases, restaurant acquisitions, and changes in senior management and in the Board of Directors. We caution the reader that a number of important factors and uncertainties could, individually or in the aggregate, cause our actual results to differ materially from those included in the forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, the following: general economic conditions; changes in promotional, couponing and advertising strategies; changes in our customers’ disposable income; consumer spending trends and habits; increased competition in the restaurant market; governmental laws and regulations, including those affecting labor and employee benefit costs, such as further potential increases in state and federally mandated minimum wages, and healthcare reform; the impact of pending litigation; customers’ acceptance of changes in menu items; changes in the availability and cost of capital; potential limitations imposed by debt covenants under our debt instruments; weather conditions in the regions in which Company-owned and franchised restaurants are operated; costs and availability of food and beverage inventory, including supply and delivery shortages or interruptions; significant fluctuations in energy prices; security breaches of our customers’ or employees’ confidential information or personal data or the failure of our information technology and computer systems; our ability to attract and retain qualified managers, franchisees and team members; impact of adoption of new accounting standards; impact of food-borne illnesses resulting from an outbreak at either one of our restaurant concepts or other competing restaurant concepts; and effects of actual or threatened future terrorist attacks in the United States. 
Ruby Tuesday, Inc.
Corporate: Jill Golder, 865-379-5700
Analysts: Dominique Piccolo, 865-379-5725 









The Value of Membership
 As the leading provider of in-depth business and credit information on the global produce industry, a membership with Blue Book Services gives you access to:

Ratings & Credit Scores
Dynamic Search Tools
Real-Time Data
Marketing Power
Trading Assistance
Education

Learn MoreAbout The Benefits





















Ruby Tuesday Appoints David Skena as Chief Marketing Officer | RestaurantNews.com
























































 











Ruby Tuesday Appoints David Skena as Chief Marketing Officer


July 21, 2015

·











David Skena
Maryville, TN  (RestaurantNews.com)  Ruby Tuesday, Inc. (NYSE: RT) today announced the appointment of David Skena as Chief Marketing Officer, effective today.
Skena is a seasoned and accomplished senior marketing executive with over twenty years of marketing and consulting experience in the consumer packaged goods and retail sectors with particular expertise in brand-building, campaign management, marketing and business strategy development, product innovation and promotions, and advertising and creative development, including digital and social media.
Over the past nine years, Skena progressed through PepsiCo, Inc. with increasing levels of responsibility, most recently serving as the Vice President of Premium and Value Brands, including Stacy’s Pita Chips and Smartfood popcorn, among others. Skena has been recognized by Effie Worldwide for his role in developing effective advertising creative for various marketing campaigns. Prior to PepsiCo, Skena served over six years at Kraft Foods, Inc. in brand management for multiple product lines.
In the Chief Marketing Officer role, Skena will be responsible for developing and implementing effective marketing strategies and initiatives to build brand awareness and customer loyalty through traditional media, digital and social channels, and other innovative platforms.
JJ Buettgen, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer stated “We are delighted to have Dave join the Ruby Tuesday team. With his extensive strategy and marketing experience, along with his team-oriented leadership style, Dave will be a valued addition to our Executive Team and will help our marketing organization accelerate our brand transformation efforts.”
About Ruby Tuesday
As of March 3, 2015, Ruby Tuesday, Inc. owned, operated and franchised nearly 740 Ruby Tuesday restaurants throughout the United States and in selected international locations. Ruby Tuesday, Inc. also owns, operates and franchises 26 Lime Fresh brand restaurants. Ruby Tuesday, Inc. is traded on the New York Stock Exchange (Symbol: RT).
Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Information
This press release contains various forward-looking statements, which represent our expectations or beliefs concerning future events, including one or more of the following: future financial performance (including our estimates of growth in same-restaurant sales, average sales per restaurant, operating margins, expenses and other items), future capital expenditures, the effect of strategic initiatives (including statements relating to cost savings initiatives and the benefits of our television marketing), the opening or closing of restaurants by us or our franchisees, sales of our real estate or purchases of new real estate, future borrowings and repayments of debt, availability of financing on terms attractive to the Company, compliance with financial covenants in our debt instruments, payment of dividends, stock and bond repurchases, restaurant acquisitions, and changes in senior management and in the Board of Directors. We caution the reader that a number of important factors and uncertainties could, individually or in the aggregate, cause our actual results to differ materially from those included in the forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, the following: general economic conditions; changes in promotional, couponing and advertising strategies; changes in our customers’ disposable income; consumer spending trends and habits; increased competition in the restaurant market; governmental laws and regulations, including those affecting labor and employee benefit costs, such as further potential increases in state and federally mandated minimum wages, and healthcare reform; the impact of pending litigation; customers’ acceptance of changes in menu items; changes in the availability and cost of capital; potential limitations imposed by debt covenants under our debt instruments; weather conditions in the regions in which Company-owned and franchised restaurants are operated; costs and availability of food and beverage inventory, including supply and delivery shortages or interruptions; significant fluctuations in energy prices; security breaches of our customers’ or employees’ confidential information or personal data or the failure of our information technology and computer systems; our ability to attract and retain qualified managers, franchisees and team members; impact of adoption of new accounting standards; impact of food-borne illnesses resulting from an outbreak at either one of our restaurant concepts or other competing restaurant concepts; and effects of actual or threatened future terrorist attacks in the United States.
Contact:
Ruby Tuesday, Inc.
Corporate:
Jill Golder, 865-379-5700
or
Analysts:
Dominique Piccolo, 865-379-5725




 



Share this post

Twitter
Facebook
Google+
LinkedIn
Pinterest
Email



Recommended for You



 Arooga’s Grille House & Sports Bar Set for 9th Anniversary Bash at its Original Route 22 Location 



 Fazoli’s Layers on the Love for National Lasagna Day 



 Ginger Monkey Declares July 31 as Last Call for 10 Cent Drinks in July 



 Anthony’s Coal Fired Pizza Builds Momentum in Philadelphia with Blue Bell Opening 











 



Restaurant Franchise OpportunitiesRecent PostsArooga’s Grille House & Sports Bar Set for 9th Anniversary Bash at its Original Route 22 LocationFazoli’s Layers on the Love for National Lasagna DayGinger Monkey Declares July 31 as Last Call for 10 Cent Drinks in JulyAnthony’s Coal Fired Pizza Builds Momentum in Philadelphia with Blue Bell OpeningPie Five Introduces Personalized Pizza To ClearwaterFollow Us


























