
Sky Solar Holdings Ltd (SKYS.O)  Company Profile | Reuters.com


























































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















Profile: Sky Solar Holdings Ltd (SKYS.O)





Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerUtilitiesIndependent Power Producers












                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    



                    
                            Research
                        



                    
                            Pulse
                        










				SKYS.O on Consolidated Issue listed on NASDAQ Capital Market


				1.36USD
28 Jul 2017





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    $-0.00


					            (-0.07%)
					        






Prev Close

$1.36


Open

$1.39




Day's High

$1.39


Day's Low

$1.35




Volume

10,241


Avg. Vol

57,354




52-wk High

$5.40


52-wk Low

$1.00












					Full Description



Sky Solar Holdings, Ltd. (Sky Solar), incorporated on August 19, 2013, is an investment holding company. The Company is an independent power producer (IPP) engaged in developing, owning and operating solar parks, and selling electricity. The Company focuses on the downstream solar market and develops projects primarily in Asia, South America, Europe and North America. The subsidiaries of the Company are engaged in activities, such as selling of electricity generated from solar parks owned by the Company as IPP; pipeline (including obtaining permits required for solar power projects and sourcing of solar modules), and providing engineering, procurement and construction services (EPC) (Pipeline plus EPC); providing operating and maintenance (O&M) services for solar parks (provision of O&M services); sales of solar modules, and building and transferring of solar parks (BT).As of December 31, 2015, it developed 273 solar parks with an aggregate capacity of 252.8 megawatts (MW) in Greece, Japan, Bulgaria, the Czech Republic, Spain, Canada, the United States, Germany and Uruguay. The Company owned and operated 128.6 MW of solar parks, including 23.0 MW in Greece, 79 MW in Japan, 5.6 MW in the Czech Republic, 3.7 MW in Bulgaria, 8.3 MW in Canada, 0.9 MW in Spain, 0.1 MW in the United States and 8.0 MW in Uruguay, as of December 31, 2015. As of December 31, 2015, it had over 1.3 gigawatts (GW) of solar projects in various stages of development in countries, such as Chile, Uruguay, Japan and Canada, consisting of 28.2 MW under construction, 238.2 MW of shovel-ready projects and more than 1.0 GW of solar parks in pipeline. The Company has an access to a range of financing sources to design project-funding solutions.The Company's subsidiaries, Sky Solar Power Ltd., Sky International Enterprise Group Ltd., Sky Solar Energy S.a.r.l., Sky Capital Europe S.a.r.l., Energy Capital Investment S.a.r.l., Sky Capital Advisory GmbH, Moktap Holdings Ltd., Sky Solar Japan K.K. and Neurlus Ltd., are holding entities. The Company's subsidiary, Sky Solar Iberica S.L., is a Spain-based company, which is engaged in the construction of solar parks and provision of EPC services. Sky Development Renewable Energy Resources S.A., a Greece-based subsidiary of the Company, is engaged in the construction, installation and management of solar parks. Sky Solar Bulgaria Co. EOOD is a Bulgaria-based subsidiary of the Company, which together with its approximately 20 subsidiaries, is engaged in the construction and management of solar parks and production and trading of solar equipment. The Company's subsidiary, Sky Solar (Canada) Ltd., together with its seven subsidiaries, is engaged in the development, construction and sale of solar parks. Sky Capital America Inc., the Company's subsidiary, is engaged in the development of solar parks.

» Full Overview of SKYS.O







					Company Address



Sky Solar Holdings Ltd
Suite 1604, 9 Queen's Road, Cent      








					Company Web Links



Home Page








					Officers & Directors






Name
Compensation




							 Hao Wu

--




							 Amy Zhang

--




							 Andrew Wang

--




							 Sanjay Shrestha

--




							 Hong Chen

--




» More Officers & Directors





					Sky Solar Holdings Ltd News




BRIEF-Sky Solar Holdings Ltd says shareholders voted against removal of Wang Jianmin as CFO

9:42am EDT 
BRIEF-Sky Solar announces appointment of Naiwei Chen to board

Jul 10 2017 
BRIEF-Sky Solar announces progress in investigation of conduct of former CEO

Jun 28 2017 
BRIEF-Sky Solar announces change of independent director

Jun 16 2017 
BRIEF-Sky Solar provides additional details on intended investigation of conduct of former CEO

Jun 15 2017 


» More SKYS.O  News
















Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerUtilitiesIndependent Power Producers






















BRIEF-Sky Solar Holdings Ltd says shareholders voted against removal of Wang Jianmin as CFO | Reuters

























































































Discover Thomson ReutersFinancialGovernment SolutionsLegalReuters News AgencyRisk Management SolutionsTax & AccountingBlog: Answers OnInnovation @ Thomson ReutersDirectory of sitesLoginContactSupport5 hours agoBRIEF-Sky Solar Holdings Ltd says shareholders voted against removal of Wang Jianmin as CFO#Russia#Trump#Earnings#Healthcare#CyberRisk#FutureOfMoney#Energy&EnvironmentSectionsBusinessMarketsWorldPoliticsTechCommentaryBreakingviewsMoneyLifePicturesReuters TVDiscover Thomson ReutersFinancialGovernment SolutionsLegalReuters News AgencyRisk Management SolutionsTax & AccountingBlog: Answers OnInnovation @ Thomson ReutersDirectory of sitesLoginContactSupportFeaturedNORTH KOREANorth Korea fires missile into sea off east coastPolitics McCain, once belittled by Trump, hands him big defeatU.S.Majority of Americans support transgender military servicePicturesReuters TVEditionUnited StatesAfricaAmérica LatinaعربيArgentinaBrasilCanada中国DeutschlandEspañaFranceIndiaItalia日本MéxicoРОССИЯUnited KingdomUnited States#Market NewsJuly 28, 2017 /  1:43 PM / 5 hours agoBRIEF-Sky Solar Holdings Ltd says shareholders voted against removal of Wang Jianmin as CFO1 Min ReadJuly 28 (Reuters) - Sky Solar Holdings Ltd * Co's shareholders voted against removal of Wang Jianmin as CFO and appointment of Wu Hao as CFO Further company coverage:0 : 0narrow-browser-and-phonemedium-browser-and-portrait-tabletlandscape-tabletmedium-wide-browserwide-browser-and-largermedium-browser-and-landscape-tabletmedium-wide-browser-and-largerabove-phoneportrait-tablet-and-aboveabove-portrait-tabletlandscape-tablet-and-abovelandscape-tablet-and-medium-wide-browserportrait-tablet-and-belowlandscape-tablet-and-belowAppsNewslettersReuters PlusAdvertising GuidelinesCookiesTerms of UsePrivacyAll quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays.© 2017 Reuters. All Rights Reserved.



SKY SOLAR ALERT: Rosen Law Firm Reminds Sky Solar Holdings, Ltd. Investors of Important Deadline in Class Action  – SKYS





























      Questions? +1 800-883-2055
      

Set Up FREE Account
Submit Release

















        Why Us
        




        Press Releases
        



Services


Pricing & Comparison Chart


Distribution


Resources

Contact









Contact





Resources

Contact





World Media Directory
    ·
    
RSS
    ·
    
Email Newsletters


    There were 472 press releases posted in the last 24 hours and 171,005 in the last 365 days.
  









SKY SOLAR ALERT: Rosen Law Firm Reminds Sky Solar Holdings, Ltd. Investors of Important Deadline in Class Action  – SKYS

NEW YORK, July  25, 2017  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Rosen Law Firm, a global investor rights law firm, reminds purchasers of the American Depositary Shares of Sky Solar Holdings, Ltd. (NASDAQ:SKYS): (1) pursuant and/or traceable to Sky Solar’s initial public offering on or about November 18, 2014; and/or (2) on the open market from November 14, 2014 through June 12, 2017, inclusive (the “Class Period”) of the important August 15, 2017 lead plaintiff deadline in the class action. The lawsuit seeks to recover damages for Sky Solar investors under the federal securities laws.
To join the Sky Solar class action, go to http://rosenlegal.com/cases-1145.html or call Phillip Kim, Esq. or Kevin Chan, Esq. toll-free at 866-767-3653 or email pkim@rosenlegal.com or kchan@rosenlegal.com for information on the class action. NO CLASS HAS YET BEEN CERTIFIED IN THE ABOVE ACTION. UNTIL A CLASS IS CERTIFIED, YOU ARE NOT REPRESENTED BY COUNSEL UNLESS YOU RETAIN ONE. YOU MAY ALSO REMAIN AN ABSENT CLASS MEMBER AND DO NOTHING AT THIS POINT. YOU MAY RETAIN COUNSEL OF YOUR CHOICE. The complaint alleges that defendants during the Class Period made false and misleading statements and/or failed to disclose that: (1) Sky Solar’s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and its enforcement by the Board of Directors were inadequate to detect and/or deter misconduct by Sky Solar’s officers and directors; (2) consequently, Sky Solar’s founder Weili Su was involved in undisclosed misconduct during his tenure at Sky Solar; and (3) as a result, Sky Solar’s public statements were materially false and misleading at all relevant times. When the true details entered the market, the lawsuit claims that investors suffered damages. A class action lawsuit has already been filed. If you wish to serve as lead plaintiff, you must move the Court no later than August 15, 2017. A lead plaintiff is a representative party acting on behalf of other class members in directing the litigation. If you wish to join the litigation, go to http://rosenlegal.com/cases-1145.html or to discuss your rights or interests regarding this class action, please contact Phillip Kim, Esq. or Kevin Chan, Esq. of Rosen Law Firm toll free at 866-767-3653 or via e-mail at pkim@rosenlegal.com or kchan@rosenlegal.com. Follow us for updates on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/the-rosen-law-firm or on Twitter: https://twitter.com/rosen_firm. Rosen Law Firm represents investors throughout the globe, concentrating its practice in securities class actions and shareholder derivative litigation. Since 2014, Rosen Law Firm has been ranked #2 in the nation by Institutional Shareholder Services for the number of securities class action settlements annually obtained for investors. Attorney Advertising.  Prior results do not guarantee a similar outcome. 
Contact Information:
Laurence Rosen, Esq.
Phillip Kim, Esq.
Kevin Chan, Esq.
The Rosen Law Firm, P.A.
275 Madison Avenue, 34th Floor
New York, NY  10016
Tel: (212) 686-1060
Toll Free: (866) 767-3653
Fax: (212) 202-3827
lrosen@rosenlegal.com
pkim@rosenlegal.com
kchan@rosenlegal.com
www.rosenlegal.com
/EIN News/ -- 

  Share on
  
  Facebook
  ·
  
  Twitter
  ·
  
  LinkedIn
  ·
  
  Google+



      Distribution channels:
      Consumer Goods, Law





  Share This Story




  Facebook

  Twitter

  LinkedIn

  Google+


    Print
  



  More From This Source



Salisbury Bancorp, Inc. Reports Results for Second Quarter 2017; Declares 28 Cent Dividend


USACE to Undertake Melton Hill Lock Project


Flushing Financial Corporation to Present at the Keefe, Bruyette & Woods 2017 Community Bank Investor Conference

View All Stories From This Source


Submit Release





































EIN Presswire


Follow @EINPresswire






Back to top





Quick Links:


Submit Releases


Login


Set Up FREE Account


Pricing & Comparison Chart


Distribution




Resources:


RSS


Email Newsletters


World Media Directory


EIN Newsdesk


NewsPlugin






Press Releases:


All Press Releases


Featured Press Releases


Search Press Releases


Browse by Date




Featured Clients:


WiseGuyReports.com


Marketwired


IT Governance






Help & Information Center:


Why Us?


About EIN Presswire


Helpful Tips


Video Tutorial


Client Testimonials


Blog


Services



Free Press Release Distribution


Press Release Distribution Services


Send Press Release


Submit Free Press Release





User Agreement


Privacy Policy

Contact













EIN News Home

About EIN News

                  Founded in 1995, EIN News is an international leader in real-time news tracking and digital information services. Our systems continuously scan the web, indexing news from thousands of worldwide sources. The data is then filtered and organized into news streams. The process is supervised by a team of professional news editors.
                

                  We are news professionals and technologists dedicated to producing the fastest and most comprehensive news streams on the planet. We are committed to providing our members with the highest quality software tools and resources available.
                

EIN News
                  is a division of
                  Internet Product Development Group Inc.

                  To reach us send an
                  email
                  or call +1 202-540-8337 or +1 800-883-2055.
                



EIN Presswire


Events & Conferences


Newsfeed Maker


Inbox Robot


IPD Group



EIN Twitter



EIN Facebook






© 1995-2017 IPD Group, Inc. dba EIN Presswire | EIN News. All Right Reserved.
  |
  User Agreement
  |
  Privacy Policy
  |
  Contact






Why Us


Testimonials - Client Reviews


Blog posts


Video Tutorials






Browse All Releases


Browse Featured Release


Browse By Topic


Browse by Date






Free Press Release Distribution


Press Release Distribution Services


Send Press Release


Submit Free Press Release






Press Release Distribution


Media Monitoring






Distribution Overview


World Media Directory


U.S. TV-Radio


Microwires


Newsdesk


NewsPlugin




























Sky Solar Holdings, Ltd. Announces Extraordinary General Meeting Results - NASDAQ.com








































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search















































See headlines for SKYS


View Print Version
                        
More from GlobeNewswire



Sky Solar Holdings, Ltd. Announces Extraordinary General Meeting Results
Sky Solar Announces Appointment of Naiwei Chen to Board of Directors
Sky Solar Announces Progress in Investigation of Conduct of Former CEO



Referenced Stocks


SKYS
100%
Rate It





Sky Solar Holdings, Ltd. Announces Extraordinary General Meeting Results


By GlobeNewswire,  July 28, 2017, 09:25:00 AM EDT








Vote up







A
A
A









HONG KONG, July  28, 2017  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Sky Solar Holdings, Ltd. (NASDAQ:SKYS) ("Sky Solar" or the "Company"), a global developer, owner and operator of solar parks, today announced the results of its extraordinary general meeting of shareholders held in Shanghai on July 28, 2017.
At the meeting, the shareholders of the Company approved the resignation of Mr. Huang Lida and Mr. Yan Yan as independent directors of the Company effective from June 1, 2017.
The shareholders of the Company voted against the following resolutions:
a) the appointment of Mr. Fu Jinxing as Class II director of the Company and member of the Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee, Audit Committee and Remuneration Committee of the Company;
b) the appointment of Mr. Rui Meng as Class III director of the Company and member and chairman of the Audit Committee of the Company;
c) the appointment of Mr. Zhao Shuming as Class III director of the Company and member of the Remuneration Committee and the Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee of the Company;
d) the appointment of Mr. Zhao Shuming as an additional member to the Audit Committee;
e) the appointment of Mr. Chen Bin, as a representative of the shareholders, as Class II director of the Company;
f) the removal of Mr. Wang Jianmin as a director of the Company and secretary of the Board and the appointment of Mr. Qian Wen as Class I director of the Company; and
g) the removal of Mr. Wang Jianmin as Chief Financial Officer of the Company and the appointment of Mr. Wu Hao as Chief Financial Officer.
Mr. Wu Hao, Chairman of the Board of Sky Solar, commented, "We appreciate the support of all of our shareholders since the Company's inception.  The Company's board and the management will continue to focus on our business operations, and to seek new opportunities to develop quality projects across all our geographic markets.  We believe these efforts will help maximize and unlock shareholder value."
About Sky Solar Holdings, Ltd.
Sky Solar is a global independent power producer ("IPP") that develops, owns, and operates solar parks and generates revenue primarily by selling electricity. Since its inception, Sky Solar has focused on the downstream solar market and has developed projects in Asia, South America, Europe, North America and Africa. The Company's broad geographic reach and established presence across key solar markets are significant differentiators that provide global opportunities and mitigate country-specific risks. Sky Solar aims to establish operations in select geographies with highly attractive solar radiation, regulatory environments, power pricing, land availability, financial access and overall power market trends. As a result of its focus on the downstream photovoltaic segment, Sky Solar is technology agnostic and is able to customize its solar parks based on local environmental and regulatory requirements. As of December 31, 2016, the Company had developed 307 solar parks with an aggregate capacity of 292.3 MW and owned and operated 159.6 MW of solar parks. 
For investor and media inquiries, please contact:

Sky Solar:
IR@skysolarholdings.com

SKYS Investor Relations:

The Blueshirt Group

US or Mandarin
Ralph Fong
+1 (415) 489-2195
ralph@blueshirtgroup.comChina
Gary Dvorchak, CFA
+86 (138) 1079-1480
gary@blueshirtgroup.com







Source: Sky Solar Holdings Ltd





                
  		            This article appears in: 
                    
                            News Headlines




                
                    Referenced Stocks: 
                    
                            SKYS




Latest News Video

Analyst: Why investors should remai... Former FDA commissioner: Here's how... Sojus-Raumschiff hebt mit neuer ISS... Mick Jagger en a gros sur le cœur   








Login




Please enable JavaScript to view the Comments powered by RealTidbits







Related stocks Articles




Subscribe







Wall Street Recoups Some Losses But Nasdaq Heads for Second Straight Decline


						7/28/2017 03:56 PM
					



Tesla, Inc.'s Model 3: What We Know So Far


						7/28/2017 03:51 PM
					



Trump Torpedoes U.S. Steel Stock: What You Need to Know


						7/28/2017 03:43 PM
					












CLOSEX


Sign-in



















                        Existing NASDAQ.com member? Log in here.  
                    


                By signing into to the site using any of the third-party services above, you agree to NASDAQ.com's Terms of Use.
                


                Welcome back: 

                Log in using your: 
                
                 Account
                
Switch Accounts


















Highest Rated Articles of Last Week



Shareholders Approve Major Structural Change to Top Performing...
Yatra Attains Leadership Position in Corporate Travel With the...
Mitel To Acquire ShoreTel - Quick Facts
Miller Heiman Group Selects CallidusCloud Datahug for Pipeline...
Tractor Supply Company Reports Second Quarter Results





View All Highest Rated




















Today's Market Activity





NASDAQ

6374.68


-7.51
 ▼ 
0.12%





DJIA

21830.31


33.76
 ▲ 
0.15%





S&P 500

2472.10


-3.32
 ▼ 
0.13%










Data as of Jul 28, 2017


Try for Free: NASDAQ LiveQuotes Platform



View All
















Upcoming Earnings



Company
Expected Report Date




AAPL
Jul 25, 2017


ODFL
Jul 27, 2017


FB
Jul 26, 2017


TSLA
Aug 2, 2017


T
Jul 20, 2017


AMZN
Jul 27, 2017


VZ
Jul 27, 2017


GE
Jul 21, 2017





Earnings Calendar





























CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX








































Sky Solar Holdings, Ltd. – A World Leading Renewable Energy Asset Developer and IPP/en_index

































Important Notice








English
中文

Español











Home

Who We Are

Corporate Profile  Milestones Management Team   
Our Business

 
Investor Relations

 
Sustainability

 
Career

Contact Us














3033256.0636 t CO2














Selected projects  >





 News >








more








about us

                    Sky Solar Holdings is a publicly traded global independent power producer (IPP) that develops, owns and operates solar parks around the world.  We own and operate more than 53 MW of solar parks located in Japan, Greece, Canada, the Czech Republic, Bulgaria and Spain.  Our pipeline includes more than 1.3 GW of solar projects under development in countries such as Chile, Uruguay, Japan, Canada and South Africa.
                




                    Our stock is traded on the Nasdaq market under the symbol SKYS.
                





important notice

                    Sky Solar Holdings is an independent entity with no formal association with our former parent company, Sky Solar Group.  Sky Solar Holdings was spun out in a 2014 IPO, and is independently operated and managed.
                




                    Our legal name is Sky Solar Holdings, with headquarters in Shanghai and New Jersey.  Our URL and email addresses all use the domain “skysolarholdings.com”.  Any references to “skysolargroup.com” are not related to us, but refer to our former parent company.
                




                    Some of the content on the website skysolargroup.com erroneously refers to us.  We are working to correct the situation, and regret any confusion this may cause.
                










© 2017 Sky Solar Holdings, Ltd.
Legal Statement



Powered by AKCMS












Sky Solar Holdings, Ltd. Announces The Call Of An Extraordinary Shareholders Meeting, And Change Of Management And Appointment Of An Independent Director - TheStreet





























































 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 








































Sky Solar Holdings, Ltd. Announces The Call Of An Extraordinary Shareholders Meeting, And Change Of Management And Appointment Of An Independent Director






GlobeNewswire



Jun 6, 2017 2:37 PM EDT













 


















































 HONG KONG, June 06, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Sky Solar Holdings, Ltd. (NASDAQ:SKYS) ("Sky Solar" or "the Company"), a global developer, owner and operator of solar parks, today announced that its Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company, Mr. Weili Su called for an extraordinary shareholders meeting.  In addition, in a board meeting held later on the same day, the Company named Mr. Hao Wu as the new Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company, replacing Mr. Su, effective immediately.  Mr. Su will also no longer serve as the Company's Chief Executive Officer, or as director, officer, manager, legal representative or in any other management position of the Company's subsidiaries or any other consolidated entities.  Mr. Su remains as a director of the Company.  The Company has set up an executive committee, members of which include Mr. Hao Wu, Mr. Xinhua Yu and Mr Xiaoguang Duan, and is actively searching for candidates for vacated management positions.  The Company is looking for the right candidates that can deliver on growth objectives in the Company's target markets, primarily including Japan and Americas region. The Company expects to hold a conference call with investors in the near future. In addition to the management changes, Mr. Andrew Y. Yan has resigned as an independent director of the Company effective June 2, 2017. Mr. Yan resigned for personal reasons. Mr. Glen Wei was appointed as an independent director of the Company and the Company is actively searching for other suitable independent director candidates to join the Board. Mr. Glen Wei meets the independence requirements under the applicable rules of the SEC and the NASDAQ Stock Market. Mr. Glen Wei has also been appointed to serve on the audit committee, the nominating and corporate governance committee and the compensation committee of the Board of Directors.  



 








 










































If you liked this article you might like













Sky Solar (SKYS) Stock Spiking After Q2 Results Beat Estimates
Sky Solar (SKYS) reported a smaller-than-anticipated loss for the 2016 second quarter before Thursday's opening bell.



Kaya Yurieff

Sep 8, 2016 10:59 AM EDT
























Why Sky Solar (SKYS) Stock Is Soaring Today
Sky Solar (SKYS) stock was trading sharply higher this morning after announcing possible asset sales.



Rachel Graf

Aug 17, 2016 11:31 AM EDT
























Sky Solar (SKYS) Stock Up on Q1 Results
Sky Solar (SKYS) stock is increasing this afternoon following the release of the company's 2016 first quarter financial results.



Rachel Graf

Jun 17, 2016 3:09 PM EDT
























Sky Solar Holdings (SKYS) Highlighted As Weak On High Volume
Trade-Ideas LLC identified Sky Solar Holdings (SKYS) as a weak on high relative volume candidate



TheStreet Wire

Apr 13, 2016 11:10 AM EDT








































 











Trending


Starbucks Shares Are Plunging by More Than 10% -- Go Out and Buy!


Worst Performing Tech Stocks: AMZN, AMD, MU, WDC


How Do I Hate Thee, Amazon? Let Me Count the Ways


Amazon Shares Could Still Bust Open Your Wallet If You Aren't Very Careful


U.S. Steel Shares Are Being Torched, Thanks to One Stock Analyst











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 















Contact Us  - Sky Solar Holdings, Ltd. – A World Leading Renewable Energy Asset Developer and IPP/en_index
























Important Notice








English
中文

Español











Home

Who We Are

Corporate Profile  Milestones Management Team   
Our Business

 
Investor Relations

 
Sustainability

 
Career

Contact Us















Contact Us  

 


 


HEADQUARTERS
Hong Kong, China
Add：Room 635, 6/F, 100 QRC Queen's Road, Central, Hong Kong
Tel：+852 3960 6548
Fax：+852 3180 9399
E-mail：info@skysolarholdings.com


 
Asia









Sky Solar Japan 




                                                          Add：  TUG-I Bldg. 9F, Misakicho 2-4-1  Chiyodaku, Tokyo, Japan 101-0061                                                            Tel：  +813 5275 3470                                                                Fax：  +813 5275 3476                                                                    E-mail：  japan@skysolarholdings.com                                                        





 

Europe









Sky Solar Germany  




                                                          Add：  Gutenstetterstrasse 8e, 90449,Nuremberg,Germany                                                             Tel：  +49 (0) 911 600 646 - 0                                                                 Fax：  +49 (0) 911 600 646 - 64                                                                    E-mail：  germany@skysolarholdings.com                                                        












Sky Solar Greece  




                                                          Add：  223 Syngrou Avenue, Nea Smyrni, 171 21 Athens Greece                                                            Tel：  +30 210 7210 988                                                                 Fax：  +30 210 7210 288                                                                     E-mail：  greece@skysolarholdings.com                                                        












Sky Solar Spain  




                                                          Add：  eo de la Castellana 140, Planta 14, 28046 Madrid-SPAIN                                                             Tel：  +34 911 285 682                                                                Fax：  +34 911 289 043                                                                    E-mail：  spain@skysolarholdings.com                                                        












Sky Solar Bulgaria  




                                                          Add：   Of.1,fl.6,89 AI. Malinov bul,1715 Sofia,Bulgaria                                                             Tel：  +359 2 9756 526                                                                Fax：  +359 2 9743 815                                                                     E-mail：  bulgaria@skysolarholdings.com                                                        





 

Latin America









Sky Solar Chile Ltda. 




                                                          Add：  Los Militares 5001, Oficina 203, Las Condes – 7560955 Santiago, Chile.                                                            Tel：  +56 2 2617 7070                                                                                                                                     E-mail：  chile@skysolarholdings.com                                                        





 

North America









Sky Solar Canada  




                                                          Add：   275 Renfrew Drive, Suite #104, Markham, Ontario, Canada L3R 0C8                                                             Tel：  +1 905 604 4436                                                                 Fax：  +1 905 604 4437                                                                     E-mail：  canada@skysolarholdings.com                                                        












Sky Capital America Inc.  




                                                          Add：  30 Morris Turnpike, Suite #204, Short Hills, NJ 07078                                                             Tel：  (973) 788-5050                                                                Fax：  (973) 788-5051                                                                    E-mail：  usa@skysolarholdings.com                                                        





 

Africa









Sky Solar South Africa 




                                                                                                                      Tel：  0027 (0) 717122941                                                                                                                                     E-mail：  info@skysolarholdings.com                                                        





 








© 2017 Sky Solar Holdings, Ltd.
Legal Statement



Powered by AKCMS





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft










  SKYS:NASDAQ CM Stock Quote - Sky Solar Holdings Ltd - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Sky Solar Holdings Ltd   SKYS:US   NASDAQ CM        1.35USD   0.01   0.74%     As of 3:49 PM EDT 7/28/2017     Open   1.39    Day Range   1.35 - 1.39    Volume   33,190    Previous Close   1.36    52Wk Range   1.00 - 5.40    1 Yr Return   -47.06%                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Open   1.39    Day Range   1.35 - 1.39    Volume   33,190    Previous Close   1.36    52Wk Range   1.00 - 5.40    1 Yr Return   -47.06%    YTD Return   -39.46%    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   -    Earnings per Share (USD) (TTM)   -1.08    Market Cap (m USD)   70.798    Shares Outstanding  (m)   52.443    Price/Sales (TTM)   1.02    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -        Sector Utilities   % Price Change -0.14%     Industry Utilities   % Price Change -0.14%                    Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases    9/8/2016   Sky Solar (SKYS) Stock Spiking After Q2 Results Beat Estimates  - The Street    There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.     9:24 AM   Sky Solar Holdings, Ltd. Announces Extraordinary General Meeting Results     7/26/2017   INVESTOR ALERT: The Klein Law Firm Reminds Investors of a Class Action Filed on Behalf of Sky Solar Holdings, Inc. Shareholders     7/25/2017   SKY SOLAR ALERT: Rosen Law Firm Reminds Sky Solar Holdings, Ltd. Investors of Important Deadline in Class Action  – SKYS     7/25/2017   SKYS INVESTOR ALERT: The Law Offices of Vincent Wong Reminds Investors of a Class Action Involving Sky Solar Holdings, Inc. and     7/24/2017   SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Levi & Korsinsky, LLP Reminds Investors of Commencement of a Securities Action on Behalf of Shareholders of     7/14/2017   SKYS Investor Deadline Reminder: Hagens Berman Reminds Investors in Sky Solar Holdings, Ltd. of the August 15, 2017 Lead Plaint     7/10/2017   IMPORTANT EQUITY ALERT: Khang & Khang LLP Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Sky Solar Holdings, Ltd. and Remind     7/10/2017   INVESTOR ALERT: The Klein Law Firm Reminds Investors of a Class Action Filed on Behalf of Sky Solar Holdings, Inc. Shareholders     7/10/2017   Sky Solar Announces Appointment of Naiwei Chen to Board of Directors     7/7/2017   SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Brower Piven Encourages Investors Who Have Losses In Excess Of $100,000 From Investment In Sky Solar Holding    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   Sky Solar Holdings, Ltd. develops renewable energy assets. The Company offers supply chain services including development, technical R&D, engineering, construction and operational management. Sky Solar serves the alternative energy industry across North America, Latin America, Europe, Asia and Africa.    Address  9 Queens RoadSuite 1604CentralHong Kong (SAR)   Phone  852-2107-3188   Website   www.skysolargroup.com     Executives Board Members    Jianmin Wang "Andrew"  CFO/Secretary    Sanjay K Shrestha  Pres:Sky Capital Americas/Chief Invsmt Ofcr    Yi Zhang "Amy"  Chief Strategic Officer    Ronghui Zhang  Exec VP/Managing Director:Europe    Armin G Seifart  VP/Corporate Counsel     Show More         


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft

















 SKYS - Stock quote for Sky Solar Holdings Ltd - MSN Money















msn  back to msn home

money










web search














Sign in








Change language & content:

América Latina (español)
Argentina (español)
Australia (English)
België (Nederlands)
Belgique (français)
Brasil (português)
Canada (English)
Canada (français)
Chile (español)
Colombia (español)
Danmark (Dansk)
Deutschland (Deutsch)
España (español)
France (français)
India (English)
Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia)
Ireland (English)
Italia (italiano)
Malaysia (English)
México (español)
Nederland (Nederlands)
New Zealand (English)
Norge (norsk, bokmål)
Österreich (Deutsch)
Perú (español)
Philippines (English)
Polska (polski)
Portugal (Português)
Schweiz (Deutsch)
Singapore (English)
South Africa (English)
Suisse (français)
Suomi (suomi)
Sverige (svenska)
Türkiye (Türkçe)
United Arab Emirates (English)
United Kingdom (English)
United States (English)
United States (español)
Venezuela (español)
Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt)
Ελλάδα (ελληνικά)
Россия (Pусский)
ישראל (עברית)‏
الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏)
المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏)
مصر (العربية‏)
ไทย (ไทย)
한국 (한국어)
中华人民共和国 (简体中文)
台灣 (繁體中文)
日本 (日本語)
香港特别行政區 (繁體中文)



Switch to Latino (Español)



 Feedback



Help






























AdChoices














Sky Solar Holdings Ltd
NASDAQ: SKYS



US Markets Closed










AdChoices








1.35


▼


-0.01
-0.74%



After Hours : 
-
-
-



 July 28, 2017 3:39 PM EDT. Delayed 15 minutes. Currency In USD                
















Save














            Summary
        



            Financials
        



            Analysis
        



            Options
        



            Ownership
        



            Company
        



            History
        



            Related
        


















































Open
1.39


Previous Close
1.36


Volume (Avg) 
33.09k (64.30k)


Day's Range
1.35-1.39


52Wk Range
1.00-5.40


Market Cap.
71.32M


Dividend Rate ( Yield)
-


Beta
-


Shares Outstanding
52.44M


P/E Ratio (EPS)
17.01 (0.08) 









Recent News







BRIEF-Sky Solar Holdings Ltd says shareholders voted against removal of Wang Jianmin as CFO

                            
                            Reuters
                        
5 hrs ago






After A String Of Busts, The Tide For Chinese IPOs In The U.S. Is About To Change

                            
                            Seeking Alpha
                        
7/13/2017





 
Sky Solar Holdings, Ltd. Announces Extraordinary General Meeting Results

                            
                            4 Traders
                        
6 hrs ago






Global Metal Forging Industry Report 2017: 29 Companies Have a Declining Financial Rating - Research and Markets

                            
                            4 Traders
                        
2 days ago






SKY SOLAR ALERT: Rosen Law Firm Reminds Sky Solar Holdings, Ltd. Investors of Important Deadline in Class Action – SKYS

                            
                            einpresswire.com
                        
2 days ago






As Sky Solar Holdings, Ltd. Trades Do Analysts Recommend You Sell?

                            
                            desotoedge.com
                        
6 days ago








Sky Solar Holdings, Ltd. (NASDAQ:SKYS) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research

                            
                            themarketsdaily.com
                        
6 days ago






News & Events:SKYS

                            
                            Inside Fidelity
                        
7/21/2017






INVESTOR ALERT: Levi & Korsinsky, LLP Notifies Investors of Comm - KUSI News - San Diego, CA

                            
                            KUSI
                        
7/21/2017






Sky Solar Holdings Annual Income Statement (NASDAQ:SKYS)

                            
                            amigobulls.com
                        
7/21/2017






Sky Solar Holdings Cash Flow - Annual (NASDAQ:SKYS)

                            
                            amigobulls.com
                        
7/21/2017






Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Sky Solar Holdings, Ltd. (SKYS) to Sell

                            
                            Breeze
                        
7/21/2017








SKY SOLAR ALERT: Faruqi & Faruqi, LLP Encourages Investors Who Suffered Losses Exceeding $50,000 In Sky Solar Holdings, Ltd. To Contact The Firm

                            
                            Finanznachrichten
                        
7/19/2017






SKY SOLAR ALERT: Faruqi & Faruqi, LLP Encourages Investors Who Suffered Losses Exceeding $50,000 In Sky Solar Holdings, Ltd. To Contact The Firm

                            
                            www.accesswire.com
                        
7/19/2017






Sky Solar Holdings, Ltd. (SKYS) Upgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research

                            
                            Breeze
                        
7/19/2017






Critical Comparison: NextEra Energy Partners, (NEP) versus Sky Solar Holdings (SKYS)

                            
                            themarketsdaily.com
                        
7/18/2017






INVESTOR ALERT: Levi & Korsinsky, LLP Reminds Investors of a Sec - KUSI News - San Diego, CA

                            
                            KUSI
                        
7/17/2017






Coming to a sky near you: Total eclipse of the sun

                            
                            Hays Post
                        
7/15/2017























AdChoices
















AdChoices

















AdChoices




















Markets











DOW

DOW



▲

21,830.31


+33.76
+0.15%













Last updated time
7/28/2017 4:06 PM EDT







Markets





NASDAQ

NASDAQ



▼

6,374.68




-7.51
-0.12%










FTSE 100

FTSE 100



▼

7,368.37




-74.64
-1.00%










NYSE Composite

NYSE Composite



▼

11,956.21




-7.02
-0.06%



















AdChoices
















                Feedback
            







Send Feedback
Provide Feedback
Report a Problem


We appreciate your input!



Select a category:

I'm having problems with Top Destinations
I'm having issues searching
I'm having problems with Featured Apps
I see an error in the content
Other



How we can improve?





Please give an overall site rating:









Submit
Close


Privacy Statement


Help


Help & Support



 











 














SKY SOLAR HOLDINGS, LTD. (SKYS) IPO - NASDAQ.com

































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search






















Home > 
    Markets > 
    IPOs  > 
    Company IPO Overview





SKY SOLAR HOLDINGS, LTD. (SKYS) IPO




Overview




News Headlines




Financials & Filings




Experts















Key Data
Use of Proceeds
Competitors




Company Overview


Company Name
SKY SOLAR HOLDINGS, LTD.


Company Address
SUITE 1604 9 QUEEN'S ROAD, CENTRALHONG KONG 00000


Company Phone
852-2107-3188


Company Website
www.skysolargroup.com


CEO
Amy (Yi) Zhang


Employees  (as of 6/30/2014) 
147


State of Inc
 -- 


Fiscal Year End
12/31


Status
Priced (11/13/2014)


Proposed Symbol
SKYS


Exchange
NASDAQ


Share Price
$8.00


Shares Offered
5,525,000


Offer Amount
$44,200,000.00


Total Expenses
$6,977,680.00


Shares Over Alloted
0


Shareholder Shares Offered
 -- 


Shares Outstanding
5,525,000


Lockup Period (days)
180


Lockup Expiration
5/12/2015


Quiet Period Expiration
12/23/2014


CIK
0001594124




We estimate that we will receive net proceeds from this offering of
approximately US$34.1 million, after deducting the underwriting discounts and
commissions and estimated aggregate offering expenses payable by us and assuming
no exercise of the underwriters' option to purchase additional ADSs and no other
change to the number of ADSs offered by us as set forth on the cover page of
this prospectus.

We intend to use the net proceeds we receive from this offering for the
following purposes:

. US$20.0 million for the construction of our shovel-ready projects in Japan; 
  and 

. US$10.0 million for the construction of our shovel-ready projects in Latin 
  America such as Chile and Uruguay.

We intend for the balance to be used for the development of our project
pipeline in Japan, Latin America and other regions and for general corporate
purposes, including working capital needs, potential strategic investments and
other business opportunities.

We do not currently have any agreements or memorandum of understandings to
make any material acquisitions of, or investments in, other businesses, products
or technologies.

The foregoing use of our net proceeds from this offering represents our
current intentions based upon our present plans and business condition. The net
proceeds from this offering will not be sufficient to fund the equity portion of
the financing for all of our shovel-ready projects. The amounts and timing of
any expenditure will vary depending on the amount of cash generated by our
operations, competitive and technological developments and the rate of growth,
if any, of our business. Accordingly, our management will have significant
discretion in the allocation of the net proceeds we will receive from this
offering. Depending on future events and other changes in the business climate,
we may determine at a later time to use the net proceeds for different purposes.

Pending the use of the net proceeds, we intend to hold our net proceeds in
short-term, interest-bearing debt instruments or demand deposits.


We believe that our primary competitors are local and international developers 
of solar parks, many of whom are integrated with upstream manufacturers. 

We believe that we can compete favorably given that the key competitive factors 
for solar park development and operation include, without limitation:

. site selection and sourcing of solar parks; 

. permit and project development experience and expertise; 

. reputation and track record; 

. relationship with government authorities and knowledge of local policies; 

. ability to secure high-quality PV modules and balance-of-system components 
  at favorable prices and terms; 

. access to debt financing; 

. control over the quality, efficiency and reliability of PV project 
  development; and 

. expertise in providing operation and maintenance services.

However, we cannot guarantee that some of our competitors do not or will not 
have advantages over us in terms of greater operational, financial, technical, 
management or other resources in particular markets or in general.


Company Description
We are a global independent power producer, or IPP. We develop, own and
operate solar parks and generate revenue primarily by selling electricity. We
have focused on the downstream solar market since our inception and have
developed projects in Asia, South America, Europe, North America and Africa.


 We
believe our broad geographic reach and established presence across key solar
markets are significant differentiators that provide global opportunities and
mitigate country-specific risks. We aim to establish operations in Japan, Chile,
Uruguay and other select geographies with highly attractive solar radiation,
regulatory environments, power pricing, land availability, financial access and
overall power market trends. By design, we focus on the downstream photovoltaic,
or PV, segment, and as a result, we are technology agnostic and we can customize
our solar parks based on local environmental and regulatory requirements.

Prior to becoming an IPP, we sold our solar parks. We initiated our global
IPP model in 2012. In 2013, we began to strategically reduce our system sale
business in favor of the IPP model in order to retain more value from project
development and generate stable and recurring long-term cash flow. By the fourth
quarter of 2013, we began to generate a majority of our revenue from selling
electricity from IPP solar parks. We intend to leverage our established pipeline
projects and increased financing capabilities to expand our IPP business. We may
also optimize our portfolio from time to time by selling solar energy systems or
establishing joint ventures, depending on project economics, local power markets
and the regulatory conditions.

We have access to a variety of financing sources and a demonstrated ability
to design cost-effective project funding solutions. We are well positioned to
create efficient financing solutions that are responsive to local regulatory
conditions and financial markets. We believe we can leverage our global presence
to reduce our financing costs with alternatives from different geographies.

As of the date of this prospectus, we have developed and completed 200 solar
parks with an aggregate capacity of 181.7 MW in Greece, Japan, Bulgaria, the
Czech Republic, Spain, Canada, the United States and Germany. Under our IPP
revenue model, we currently own and operate 54.5 MW of solar parks, including
23.0 MW in Greece, 18.7 MW in Japan, 5.6 MW in the Czech Republic, 3.7 MW in
Bulgaria, 2.5 MW in Canada, 0.9 MW in Spain and 0.1 MW in the United States.
Most of our power purchase agreements, or PPAs, fix the price of electricity
sold by our IPP solar parks for 20 years or more. In addition to our existing
operational project portfolio, we have over 1.3 GW of solar projects in various
stages of development in countries such as Chile, Uruguay, Japan, Canada and
South Africa, consisting of 22.6 MW under construction, 257.1 MW of shovel-ready
projects and 1,053.3 MW of solar parks under development. We classify 543.4 MW
of these solar projects under development as advanced or qualified and expect
them to become shovel-ready projects within 12 to 18 months.

We believe that our proven track record of identifying and developing
revenue-producing solar parks, operating under local conditions, developing
local relationships and managing a global platform provide us with substantial
advantages over both local and international PV project developers. We intend to
continue selectively expanding our operations with a near-term focus on key
solar markets, such as Japan, Chile, Uruguay and Canada and a medium-term focus
on the developing China market.
---

Our principal executive offices are located at Suite 1604, 9 Queen's Road
Central, Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, People's Republic of China.
Our telephone number at this address is +852 2107 3188 and our fax number is
+852 2107 3199. Our registered office in the Cayman Islands is located at the
offices of Codan Trust Company (Cayman) Limited at Cricket Square, Hutchins
Drive, PO Box 2681, Grand Cayman, KY1-1111, Cayman Islands. Our agent for 
service of process in the United States is Puglisi & Associates at 850 Library 
Avenue, Suite 204, Newark, DE 19711. The telephone number at this address is 
+1 302 738 6680. Our website is www.skysolargroup.com.


Full Description

The IPO profiles may contain historical records. Please visit the latest IPOs for the most recent information.




Company Financials



Revenue
$14,422,364


Net Income
-$8,225,622


Total Assets
$235,246,814






Total Liabilities
$133,765,632


Stockholders' Equity
$101,512,376


View all Company Financials for SKYS


Company Filings

                                    Viewing: 1 - 7 Total: 7
					            



Company Name
Form Type
Date Received
View



SKY SOLAR HOLDINGS, LTD.
424B4
11/14/2014
Filing



SKY SOLAR HOLDINGS, LTD.
F-1/A
11/10/2014
Filing



SKY SOLAR HOLDINGS, LTD.
F-1/A
11/10/2014
Filing



SKY SOLAR HOLDINGS, LTD.
F-1/A
11/5/2014
Filing



SKY SOLAR HOLDINGS, LTD.
F-1/A
11/4/2014
Filing



SKY SOLAR HOLDINGS, LTD.
F-1/A
10/22/2014
Filing



SKY SOLAR HOLDINGS, LTD.
F-1
9/18/2014
Filing



View all SEC Filings for SKYS




Experts


Auditor
Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP


Company Counsel
Shearman & Sterling LLP


Lead Underwriter
Cowen and Company, LLC


Lead Underwriter
FBR Capital Markets & Co


Lead Underwriter
Roth Capital Partners, Inc


Transfer Agent
Citibank, N.A


Transfer Agent
 -- 


Underwriter
Northland Securities, Inc


Underwriter
Roth Capital Partners, Inc


Underwriter Counsel
Clifford Chance US LLP









News for SKYS









                        EQUITY ALERT: Levi & Korsinsky, LLP Reminds Investors of Commencement of a Securities Action on Behalf of Shareholders of Sky Solar Holdings, Inc. and a Lead Plaintiff Deadline of August 15, 2017 - SKYS
                    

7/28/2017 11:58:00 AM - AccessWire



                        DEADLINE APPROACHING: Lundin Law PC Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Sky Solar Holdings, Ltd. and Encourages Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm
                    

7/27/2017 12:39:00 PM - AccessWire



                        Asian ADRs Move Higher in Wednesday Trading
                    

7/26/2017 10:16:03 AM - MT Newswires



                        UPCOMING DEADLINE: Khang & Khang LLP Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Sky Solar Holdings, Ltd. and Reminds Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm
                    

7/24/2017 6:00:00 PM - AccessWire



                        UPCOMING DEADLINE: Lundin Law PC Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Sky Solar Holdings, Ltd. and Reminds Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm
                    

7/21/2017 11:54:00 PM - AccessWire



                        APPROACHING DEADLINE: Khang & Khang LLP Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Sky Solar Holdings, Ltd. and Reminds Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm
                    

7/20/2017 1:43:00 PM - AccessWire



                        Asian ADRs Move Lower in Friday Trading
                    

6/23/2017 10:37:22 AM - MT Newswires



                        Asian ADRs Advance as Telecommunication Stocks See Mixed Fortunes
                    

6/21/2017 12:18:02 PM - MT Newswires



                        Asian ADRs Slide as Chinese Utilities Post Losses
                    

6/20/2017 11:01:05 AM - MT Newswires



                        Asian ADRs Move Higher in Monday Trading
                    

6/19/2017 11:43:09 AM - MT Newswires



                        Technology Sector Update for 06/16/2017: SKYS,NANO,BAH
                    

6/16/2017 3:52:47 PM - MT Newswires



                        Asian ADRs Move Lower in Wednesday Trading
                    

5/31/2017 10:26:30 AM - MT Newswires



                        Asian ADRs Move Lower in Friday Trading
                    

3/31/2017 10:06:27 AM - MT Newswires



                        Asian ADRs Edge Lower in Thursday Trading
                    

3/30/2017 10:12:05 AM - MT Newswires



                        Asian ADRs Move Higher in Thursday Trading
                    

2/16/2017 11:30:06 AM - MT Newswires



                        Asian ADRs Move Higher in Friday Trading
                    

2/10/2017 11:19:13 AM - MT Newswires



                        Asian ADRs Move Lower in Thursday Trading
                    

2/9/2017 11:12:23 AM - MT Newswires



                        Asian ADRs Edge Lower in Thursday Trading
                    

2/2/2017 11:27:58 AM - MT Newswires



                        Asian ADRs Move Higher in Wednesday Trading
                    

2/1/2017 11:38:13 AM - MT Newswires



                        Asian ADRs Move Higher in Tuesday Trading
                    

1/31/2017 11:17:06 AM - MT Newswires




 Subscribe


                More SKYS News & Commentary



                Read SKYS Press Releases

















Today's Market Activity





NASDAQ

6374.68


-7.51
 ▼ 
0.12%





DJIA

21830.31


33.76
 ▲ 
0.15%





S&P 500

2472.10


-3.32
 ▼ 
0.13%










Data as of Jul 28, 2017


Try for Free: NASDAQ LiveQuotes Platform



View All















Latest News Headlines




                            CB Financial Services, Inc. Announces Second Quarter 2017 Financial Results
                        



	                     4:00PM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                




                            BankFinancial Corporation Increases Share Repurchase Program
                        



	                     4:00PM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                




                            FOREX-Dollar down, euro up as U.S. GDP data fails to sway market
                        



	                     3:43PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            Salisbury Bancorp, Inc. Reports Results for Second Quarter 2017; Declares 28 Cent Dividend
                        



	                     3:20PM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                





View All Latest Headlines

















Upcoming Earnings



Company
Expected Report Date




AAPL
Jul 25, 2017


ODFL
Jul 27, 2017


FB
Jul 26, 2017


TSLA
Aug 2, 2017


T
Jul 20, 2017


AMZN
Jul 27, 2017


VZ
Jul 27, 2017


GE
Jul 21, 2017





Earnings Calendar


























CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX





































