










 







Skyrocket Venture Partners LP - Investing- Mirza  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









Skyrocket Venture Partners LP

      Industry: Investing
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    6836 Golden Hills Way  
    Mississauga, A6, L5W 1P3Phone: 647-299-4365 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-10-03


New


$800,000


$800,000


Equity Only


06b


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Haroon F. Mirza 
 Director 














Fluke Venture Partners


































 









































For more than 30 years, our team has helped finance an extraordinary, diverse network of some of the region's most valuable enterprises. Our management teams have leveraged this network for valuable insight, strategic partnerships, and customer contacts. The following is a representative list of FVP's current and historical portfolio:





Technology
Healthcare
Consumer


 
















© Copyright 2012 Fluke Venture Partners
 









Skyrocket Toys LLC - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











Skyrocket Toys LLC
List of persons related to the company Skyrocket Toys LLC. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of Skyrocket Toys LLC.

CIK Number: 0001545522IRS Number: 273118289Company address: 606 VENICE BOULEVARD SUITE D VENICE 90291Phone number: (310) 822-6155



People related to Skyrocket Toys LLC
NamePositionStreetCityCountryBarclay Ardell  John606 Venice Boulevard Suite DVeniceCALucich  Nelo606 Venice Boulevard Suite DVeniceCA




Skyrocket Toys LLC on the Web
Related companiesSkyrocket Venture Partners LP












 








Skyrocket Venture Partners LP - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











Skyrocket Venture Partners LP
List of persons related to the company Skyrocket Venture Partners LP. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of Skyrocket Venture Partners LP.

CIK Number: 0001686151IRS Number: 981328136Company address: 6836 GOLDEN HILLS WAY  MISSISSAUGA L5W 1P3Phone number: 647-299-4365



People related to Skyrocket Venture Partners LP
NamePositionStreetCityCountryF. Mirza  Haroon6836 Golden Hills Way MississaugaA6




Skyrocket Venture Partners LP on the Web
Related companiesSkyrocket Toys LLC












 








Skyrocket Toys LLC - Who is raising money? | SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, startups and private equity companies















Who is raising money?











Skyrocket Toys LLC  Funding details


Skyrocket Toys LLC Industry: ManufacturingCIK Number: 0001545522IRS Number: 273118289Address: 606 VENICE BOULEVARD SUITE D VENICE 90291Phone number: (310) 822-6155



Latest news
Skyrocket Toys LLC raised $1,000,000 from 8 investors on 2012-03-26.



Skyrocket Toys LLC Filings

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2012-03-26New Form D$1,000,000$1,000,0000$40,000806[SEC Filing]
Skyrocket Toys LLC raised $1,000,000 in total.



Directors and Executives of Skyrocket Toys LLC
Key People in Skyrocket Toys LLC:

Nelo LucichJohn Ardell
Similar companiesSkyrocket Venture Partners LP








Last visited companies: Global Long/Short Equity Fund, Ltd., Global Opportunities Emp LLC, Greater China Credit Fund LP, Harlan Sono, LLC, IR4C Inc

								© whoisraisingmoney.com
Daily updated news about investment into startups, hedge funds and private equity companies.

















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Skyrocket Venture Partners LP $800,000 Financing | Newest SEC Filings

















Newest Filings











Skyrocket Venture Partners LP $800,000 Financing
Skyrocket Venture Partners LP just submitted form D announcing $800,000 equity financing.  This is a new filing. Skyrocket Venture Partners LP was able to sell $800,000. That is 100% of the round of financing. The total private offering amount was $800,000. The financing was made by 6 investors. Minimal accepted investment was $100,000. The financing document was filed on 2016-10-03. Skyrocket Venture Partners LP is based in  6836 GOLDEN HILLS WAY  MISSISSAUGA L5W 1P3. The firm's business is Investing. The firm's revenue range is Not Applicable. The form was signed by  Haroon Mirza.





SEC FORM D


The Securities and Exchange Commission has not necessarily reviewed the information in this filing and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.The reader should not assume that the information is accurate and complete.



UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSIONWashington, D.C. 20549FORM DNotice of Exempt Offering of Securities


OMB APPROVAL


OMB Number:
3235-0076

Estimated average burden

hours per response:
4.00






1. Issuer's Identity


CIK (Filer ID Number)
Previous Names

X
None

Entity Type


0001686151




  
Corporation


X
Limited Partnership


  
Limited Liability Company


  
General Partnership


  
Business Trust


  
Other (Specify)





Name of Issuer
Skyrocket Venture Partners LP
Jurisdiction of Incorporation/Organization
ONTARIO, CANADA
Year of Incorporation/Organization


  
Over Five Years Ago


X
Within Last Five Years (Specify Year)
2016


  
Yet to Be Formed



2. Principal Place of Business and Contact Information

Name of Issuer
Skyrocket Venture Partners LP

Street Address 1
Street Address 2

6836 GOLDEN HILLS WAY

City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/PostalCode
Phone Number of Issuer


MISSISSAUGA
ONTARIO, CANADA
L5W 1P3
647-299-4365


3. Related Persons


Last Name
First Name
Middle Name


Mirza
Haroon
F.


Street Address 1
Street Address 2

6836 Golden Hills Way

City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/PostalCode


Mississauga
ONTARIO, CANADA
L5W 1P3



Relationship:
  
Executive Officer
X
Director
  
Promoter

Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
Managing Director, Skyrocket Venture Partners Inc., its General Partner
4. Industry Group



  
Agriculture



Banking & Financial Services





  
Commercial Banking


  
Insurance


X
Investing


  
Investment Banking


  
Pooled Investment Fund







Is the issuer registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940? 




  
Yes
  
No



  
Other Banking & Financial Services




  
Business Services



Energy




  
Coal Mining





  
Electric Utilities





  
Energy Conservation





  
Environmental Services





  
Oil & Gas





  
Other Energy






Health Care




  
Biotechnology





  
Health Insurance





  
Hospitals & Physicians





  
Pharmaceuticals





  
Other Health Care



  
Manufacturing



Real Estate




  
Commercial





  
Construction





  
REITS & Finance





  
Residential





  
Other Real Estate





  
Retailing


  
Restaurants



Technology




  
Computers





  
Telecommunications





  
Other Technology




Travel




  
Airlines & Airports





  
Lodging & Conventions





  
Tourism & Travel Services





  
Other Travel



  
Other



5. Issuer Size










Revenue Range
OR
Aggregate Net Asset Value Range


  
No Revenues
  
No Aggregate Net Asset Value


  
$1 - $1,000,000
  
$1 - $5,000,000


  
$1,000,001 - $5,000,000
  
$5,000,001 - $25,000,000


  
$5,000,001 - $25,000,000
  
$25,000,001 - $50,000,000


  
$25,000,001 - $100,000,000
  
$50,000,001 - $100,000,000


  
Over $100,000,000
  
Over $100,000,000


  
Decline to Disclose
  
Decline to Disclose


X
Not Applicable
  
Not Applicable



6. Federal Exemption(s) and Exclusion(s) Claimed (select all that apply)



  
Rule 504(b)(1) (not (i), (ii) or (iii))


  
Rule 504 (b)(1)(i)


  
Rule 504 (b)(1)(ii)


  
Rule 504 (b)(1)(iii)


  
Rule 505


X
Rule 506(b)


  
Rule 506(c)


  
Securities Act Section 4(a)(5)




  
Investment Company Act Section 3(c)


  
Section 3(c)(1)
  
Section 3(c)(9)  


  
Section 3(c)(2)
  
Section 3(c)(10)


  
Section 3(c)(3)
  
Section 3(c)(11)


  
Section 3(c)(4)
  
Section 3(c)(12)


  
Section 3(c)(5)
  
Section 3(c)(13)


  
Section 3(c)(6)
  
Section 3(c)(14)


  
Section 3(c)(7)



7. Type of Filing


X
New Notice

Date of First Sale
2016-09-16

  
First Sale Yet to Occur


  
Amendment


8. Duration of Offering

Does the Issuer intend this offering to last more than one year?


  
Yes
X
No


9. Type(s) of Securities Offered (select all that apply)









X
Equity
  
Pooled Investment Fund Interests


  
Debt
  
Tenant-in-Common Securities


  
Option, Warrant or Other Right to Acquire Another Security
  
Mineral Property Securities


  
Security to be Acquired Upon Exercise of Option, Warrant or Other Right to Acquire Security
  
Other (describe)







10. Business Combination Transaction

Is this offering being made in connection with a business combination transaction, such as a merger, acquisition or exchange offer?


  
Yes
X
No


Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
11. Minimum Investment

Minimum investment accepted from any outside investor

$100,000

USD

12. Sales Compensation


Recipient

Recipient CRD Number
X
None




(Associated) Broker or Dealer
X
None


(Associated) Broker or Dealer CRD Number
X
None



Street Address 1
Street Address 2


City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/Postal Code



State(s) of Solicitation (select all that apply)Check “All States” or check individual States
  
All States


  
Foreign/non-US



13. Offering and Sales Amounts


Total Offering Amount

$800,000

USD

or
  
Indefinite



Total Amount Sold

$800,000

USD


Total Remaining to be Sold

$0

USD

or
  
Indefinite



Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
14. Investors


  
Select if securities in the offering have been or may be sold to persons who do not qualify as accredited investors, and enter the number of such non-accredited investors who already have invested in the offering.




Regardless of whether securities in the offering have been or may be sold to persons who do not qualify as accredited investors, enter the total number of investors who already have invested in the offering:
6


15. Sales Commissions & Finder's Fees Expenses
Provide separately the amounts of sales commissions and finders fees expenses, if any. If the amount of an expenditure is not known, provide an estimate and check the box next to the amount.


Sales Commissions

$0

USD

  
Estimate



Finders' Fees

$0

USD

  
Estimate



Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
16. Use of Proceeds
Provide the amount of the gross proceeds of the offering that has been or is proposed to be used for payments to any of the persons required to be named as executive officers, directors or promoters in response to Item 3 above. If the amount is unknown, provide an estimate and check the box next to the amount.



$0

USD

  
Estimate


Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
Signature and Submission
Please verify the information you have entered and review the Terms of Submission below before signing and clicking SUBMIT below to file this notice.
Terms of Submission

In submitting this notice, each issuer named above is:

Notifying the SEC and/or each State in which this notice is filed of the offering of 
                    securities described and undertaking to furnish them, upon written request, in the accordance with applicable
                    law, the information furnished to offerees.*
Irrevocably appointing each of the Secretary of the SEC and, the Securities Administrator 
                    or other legally designated officer of the State in which the issuer maintains its principal 
                    place of business and any State in which this notice is filed, as its agents for service of 
                    process, and agreeing that these persons may accept service on its behalf, of any notice, 
                    process or pleading, and further agreeing that such service may be made by registered or 
                    certified mail, in any Federal or state action, administrative proceeding, or arbitration 
                    brought against it in any place subject to the jurisdiction of the United States, if the 
                    action, proceeding or arbitration (a) arises out of any activity in connection with the 
                    offering of securities that is the subject of this notice, and (b) is founded, directly or 
                    indirectly, upon the provisions of:  (i) the Securities Act of 1933, the Securities Exchange 
                    Act of 1934, the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, the Investment Company Act of 1940, or the 
                    Investment Advisers Act of 1940, or any rule or regulation under any of these statutes, or (ii) 
                    the laws of the State in which the issuer maintains its principal place of business or any State 
                    in which this notice is filed.
Certifying that, if the issuer is claiming a Regulation D exemption for the offering, the issuer is not disqualified from relying on Regulation D for one of the reasons stated in Rule 505(b)(2)(iii) or Rule 506(d).


Each Issuer identified above has read this notice, knows the contents to be true, and has duly caused this notice to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned duly authorized person.
For signature, type in the signer's name or other letters or characters adopted or authorized as the signer's signature.


Issuer
Signature
Name of Signer
Title
Date


Skyrocket Venture Partners LP
Haroon F. Mirza
Haroon F. Mirza
Managing Director, Skyrocket Venture Partners Inc., its GP
2016-10-03


Persons who respond to the collection of information contained in this form are not required to respond unless the form displays a currently valid OMB number.
* This undertaking does not affect any limits Section 102(a) of the National Securities Markets
        Improvement Act of 1996 ("NSMIA") [Pub. L. No. 104-290, 110 Stat. 3416 (Oct. 11, 1996)] imposes on the ability of States to
        require information. As a result, if the securities that are the subject of this Form D are "covered securities" for purposes 
        of NSMIA, whether in all instances or due to the nature of the offering that is the subject of this Form D, States cannot
        routinely require offering materials under this undertaking or otherwise and can require offering materials only to the
        extent NSMIA permits them to do so under NSMIA's preservation of their anti-fraud authority.




Skyrocket Venture Partners LP Financing

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2016-10-03New Form D$800,000$800,0000$100,000606b[view]
Skyrocket Venture Partners LP List of ExecutivesHaroon Mirza











Last visited: WC Andrita LA, LP, WC North Oaks Houston LP, LLC, WCM Focused International Growth Fund LP, WEALTH STRATEGIES INVESTMENT FUND LLC, WEATHERLOW OFFSHORE FUND II LTD

								© 
							



















Launch with Partners 10-Day Crash Course



























 









































































   LAUNCH WITH PARTNERS    The Fastest Route to Ready-to-Buy Audiences   Sessions start on:

Your hard work of creating an awesome product will finally be rewarded with a solid launch. Even if your list is still small (temporarily)Partners will share their audience with you so you don't need to wait years to grow your own  list before your first 6 figure launch.










Get Your FREE Ticket





Join﻿ thousands of performers just like YOUand build your successful product launch strategy TODAY



Speakers featured in:


























































Here is what you will learn










You're tired of struggling on your own.You dream of doing that big launch... but how?


How to attract the right leads?

How to get ENOUGH leads?


How to create buzz?

How to get others to promote you without being sleazy?
Our experts know what it’s like to need that big launch (or you’re facing a future at the car dealership).But giving up is not an option for an action taker like you.We know how hard is to find partners to help with your sales (and to figure out what to do after you find them).Struggle no more! Launch with Partners lays everything out for you into 3 easy to digest modules:




1. Get Great Partners Step-by-step information on finding partners, building relationships and growing a strong brand. Learn the best strategies to hook the right partners to help with your launch.




2. Launch Strategy and Tools Insider hacks on planning a mind-blowing launch (from legal, creating landing pages and write launch campaign copywriting to managing an affiliate program). Discover the most useful tools which make your work easier and help you sort it all out.




3. Jaw-Dropping Case Studies Real life product launch case-studies that leveraged the power of partnerships. Get access behind the curtains of the most successful launches and learn how to use smart tricks to achieve huge wins.
Are you ready to launch BIG this time?









Get Your FREE PASS





($10,000 VALUE)







***FIRST BONUS*** - Many more will come during the summit





EXCLUSIVE EXPERT REPORT:The top 17 insider strategies to Launch with Partners in 2017, FREE in this Epic PlaybookLearn what’s working today in successful product launches — and how you can replicate the same strategies to have 6-figure launches. 










DOWNLOAD THE EPIC GUIDE & GET MY FREE PASS NOW >













These are the experts you’ll be learning from in this 10 Day launch crash course:










We’ve hand-picked our faculty and all delivered beyond our wildest expectations.Combined you will have over 20 hours of high quality expertise, worth well over $10,000.




Tor Refsland




Danny Iny




Neil Patel




Rich German





Stephen Esketzis




Lisa Fraley




Olivia Angelescu




Shane Melaugh





Marie Grace Berg




Gael Breton




Zvi Band




Navid Moazzez





Tom Morkes




Matt McWilliams




Andy Hussong




Lorand Soares Szasz





Jack Born




Valentin Radu




Calvin Correli




Liam Austin





Lain Ehman




Belinda Weaver




Andrew McDermott




Prerna Malik





Bushra Azhar




Ciprian Soleriu




Jon Schumacher




Alex Pirouz






Tom Matzen




Lane Campbell











G﻿ET ACCESS TO ALL THE VALUE-PACKED SESSIONS OUR ﻿﻿SPEAKERS﻿﻿ HAVE PREPARED FOR ﻿YOU









Get Your FREE PASS





($10,000 VALUE)












This changes the game. For good.











There are a lot of programs, courses, books, and gurus that claim they’ll teach you how to launch your product (some of them cost $1,000’s!). But often they’re full of outdated, disconnected, untested, or just plain ineffective information and ideas.You take the course, read the book, follow the guru… but then end up right back where you were before, wondering if you should just chuck it all and get a job selling cars or used computer equipment.

















Launch with Partners is different.










This is not just another virtual summit with a lot of interviews and many unrelated topics that you should somehow put together and use.This is a 10-day crash course on launching your product online, even if your email list is tiny (or non-existent).









JOIN LAUNCH WITH PARTNERS TODAY



















STEP BY STEP ﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿FRAMEWORK﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿










Our 29 world-class expert speakers will teach you cutting edge strategies they use in their own businesses to create MILLIONS of dollars in revenue.After spending 10 days with our experts, you will know exactly what to do for your next launch. Be prepared to blow everyone’s mind (even your own!).We designed this event to give you a step-by-step framework for finding and leveraging partnerships, growing your authority in your niche, and launching like never before.



LASER FOCUSED ANSWERS TO ﻿﻿YOUR ﻿﻿QUESTIONS










Our focus was not cramming hundreds of experts hoping that something good will come out but rather hand-picking the best speakers in the world and asking them the most laser focused questions to get to the core of every topic. Because we know that the value is hidden beneath the surface so we dug deep to get the most useful info from each of our speakers.Most of these experts would charge you at least $250 for 30 minutes of their time, we’ve gathered their best information (worth $10K at least!)- for free.





Think of them as your new partners for your next launch.They’re ready to support YOU with their knowledge, experience, and advice.Are you ﻿﻿IN﻿﻿?









Get Your FREE PASS





($10,000 VALUE)







The Daily Schedule


















Module I.﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿ ﻿﻿﻿Get ﻿Great ﻿﻿﻿PartnersGetting Known and Building ﻿Relationships


Day 1                                                                             




How to Find Your Helpful Partners and Convince Them to Work with YouTor has been featured in Inc., LifeHack, Ahrefs, SEM Rush, Huffington Post, SumoMe and another 152 blogs in 14 months, and now he’s sharing his secrets with you. We go into all the details of how to build and maintain partnerships, and what you can ask an influencer for, after providing value. Starting from scratch? No problem, we got you covered.




Tor Refsland



Step-by-step framework to build your 5-figure audience using reliable partnershipsDanny Iny started his business with a handful of potential partners. Now he serves a community of 50,000 people, and has 27 employees and a business that brings in multiple millions in annual revenue. It might sound impossible, but Danny is the perfect example that it is all possible if your actions are aligned with your beliefs -- and he’ll break down his strategy for you.




Danny Iny



Using LinkedIn to Grow Your Network - The 3-Step Approach That Never FailsAlmost all business owners have a LinkedIn profile, but are you using it to its full potential? Are you connecting to targeted people and growing your business with it? Join Alex and Ciprian and learn how to research, connect and profit from your LinkedIn professional network.




Alex Pirouz



Becoming ﻿﻿a ﻿﻿Brand and ﻿﻿Differentiating ﻿﻿from your ﻿﻿competition


 Day 2                                                                       




Use This Strategy to Become an Online Marketing SuperstarTalking about a powerful personal brand in the online marketing world, and Neil Patel will surely top the list. We go into the nitty gritty of how Neil built his brand, how he writes his amazing articles, how he got his book deal worth $500,000 upfront, but more importantly, how you can follow in his steps.




Neil Patel



Let Me Show You the Secrets to Stand Out, Reach Out, and Become a BrandRich has a list of more than 90,000 people and one of the world’s largest community of JV-minded entrepreneurs. We dig deep into the specifics of what 95% of people who succeed online do, including what’s the best attitude to have when pursuing joint venture partnerships, how to get people to promote you, and the best practices for live events. Also, he’ll share the ONE question you should ALWAYS ask your new partners.




Rich German



Blue Ocean Strategy Walkthrough - Learn How Marie Forleo Strategically Designs Her Events to Stand Out, Then Follow Her Lead..Olivia is a student of Ramit Sethi and Marie Forleo with 20+ years of experience in the corporate world. She’ll walk you through the Blue Ocean Strategy that Marie Forleo used to become the huge brand that she is right now. It was not an accident, it was on purpose - and you can do it, too!




Olivia Angelescu










M﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿odule I﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿I. Launch ﻿Strategy ﻿and ToolsY﻿﻿﻿﻿our Success Must-﻿﻿﻿Haves


 Day 3                                                                        




Best Selling Funnels You Need Today to Harness the Power of Your LaunchEverybody talks about building sales funnels for your online business, but there’s a small trick that not everybody uses. This one trick can mean the difference between a 5-figure launch and a 6-figure launch. (Hint: It’s something that needs to be done BEFORE people enter your funnel…)




Stephen Esketzis



Low tech/ High Sales Landing Pages and FunnelsIn this in-depth training, Thrive Themes founder Shane Melaugh teaches you his #1 principle to launching a successful program or product. He’ll also show you how to build an amazing landing page in a few minutes. Plus, you’ll see WHY sometimes ugly landing pages convert, although yours will not be ugly. Promise!




Shane Melaugh



Managing affiliates


Day 4                                                                                  




The top-down partnership strategy that helped her leverage over 55 influencers’ lists and create a successful eventMarie was strategic in her approach of the 58 guests on her recent summit. She started with a simple strategy that is the “golden egg” of networking and persuasion. Find out what she did and how you can replicate this in your own business in this value packed session.




Marie Grace Berg



Top of Mind Means Top BusinessWhen was the last time you had to contact a potential business partner but it slipped your mind or got buried on your to-do list? It happens to everyone -- . unless you have a system to manage hundreds of contacts in under 10 minutes a day. Zvi will show you how Contactually can help you save time, grow your business, and make more money. Amazing stuff!




Zvi Band



The Secrets of Effective Email Marketing and Finding Partners for Your LaunchAuthority can be hacked. Sales can be increased. Partners will be happy.Gael Breton shares the best ways to find partners to promote products that actually sell online, so you will make great profits from your list. He’ll let you in on his secrets of effective email marketing, finding partners and content creation.




Gael Breton



Affiliates Best Practices ﻿﻿from ﻿﻿the world's best affiliate ﻿﻿﻿﻿managers


 Day 5                                                                       




How to Plan Your Affiliate Launch to Bring You 6-Figure SalesGet all you need to know about 5- and 6-figure launches. Tom is responsible for multiple bestselling book launches, and he’s sharing the best way to approach a launch, how to build your list, how to find the best affiliates, what steps you should take and what tools you should use.




Tom Morkes



What Everybody Need to Know About Planning and Managing a Successful Affiliate Launch CampaignAffiliate strategist Matt McWilliams shares step-by-step everything you need to leverage the power of affiliates to skyrocket your launch sales. He walks you through ideas for places where you find reliable affiliates and surprising insights about building a long-lasting relationship with them so they’ll promote you again and again!




Matt McWilliams



The “Let’s Brainstorm” approach that generates trusted partners and affiliates (no, they are not quite the same thing)He is a master in JV partnerships and he doesn’t hold anything back. Andy Hussong shares how you can find, approach and communicate efficiently with potential partners even if you’re just starting out and want to promote your product or service. He managed multimillion dollar launches and he can talk for hours about the lessons he had learned. We had to stop after a while, but you will want to see more...




Andy Hussong



Maximizing sales


Day 6                                                                        




Maximize Your Profit in "the Perfect Persuasion Window" by Injecting Scarcity into Your LaunchJack Born, the founder of Deadline Funnel, takes deadlines seriously and knows how to make a huge profit from them! He’ll share how to take advantage of the PERFECT time to persuade. You’ll also learn the 3 must-do steps for building scarcity...To sell more, of course.




Jack Born



Don’t rely in your gut feeling. Test your approach and be flexible.Like a salesman, your sales page should adapt the sales pitch it presents your visitors to the special needs of the visitors. Learn how to test and personalise the experience of your visitor. Result: increased conversion, increased sales. Copy Samsung, Avon and Forbes, they already do this.




Valentin Radu



Simplero, the tool that replaces Infusionsoft, Vimeo, Samcart, Wishlist Member.New York based entrepreneur and founder of Simplero Calvin Correli lets you in on his passion project so you can simplify the way you do business online. You’ll see how you can enjoy all the benefits of a CRM, autoresponder, Learning Management System and many of the other tools that are driving you nuts, but in a simple all-in-one solution that saves you time, stress, and money.




Calvin Correli



Successful Launch ﻿﻿﻿﻿Campaign ﻿﻿﻿﻿Copywriting


Day 7                                                                     




Unconventional Content Ideas to Be Authentic and Irresistible.Lain Ehmann goes into the details of copywriting that sells, authentically. From the launching communication, to storytelling and the biggest mistakes one can make in a launch, we’ll cover it all. You also get access to the best tips on how to work with a copywriter to produce the best content for your launch.




Lain Ehmann



The Unbelievable Launch Copywriting JourneyBelinda takes us on a journey from the prelaunch phase to the launch funnel and sales pages structure, all the while grabbing attention and becoming memorable. She walks the talk. (I asked for specific numbers and she gave them all to me, so don’t miss out.)




Belinda Weaver



7 Fascinating Triggers That Help You Hook Your AudienceBestselling author and co-founder of HooktoWin.com Andrew McDermott will give you an unconventional angle of how to write launch copy that converts and persuades people to buy your products and services. He reveals the strongest triggers to be used in your persuasive copywriting and convince your audience with every word you say.




Andrew McDermott



Treat Your Copywriting Like a Gourmet Bistro - and Sell Those TOPPINGSIn this delicious session, Prerna Malik shares her step-by-step process for writing super compelling copy that connects you with your readers and gets them to buy from you. Learn how to use TOPPINGS for your landing page.




Prerna Malik










Module III. Jaw-Dropping Case StudiesHUGE WINS using ﻿﻿smart ﻿﻿﻿tricks


Day 8                                                                     




Over $200,000 with One Launch… and Counting - Crucial Steps on How Navid Did ThisNavid Moazzez sold $200,000 in one launch, with a list of just 5,000 people and the help of his 100 partners. You’ll learn everything he did to get these results, plus how he got so many partners, how he managed the relationships and how he got them to promote his launch. The funnel is all laid out for you, just listen and apply.




Navid Moazzez



The secrets of the Most Active Online Summit Creators REVEALEDAt his Instagram Success Summit Liam Austin had 21,000 participants, 400 new customers and more than 100 partners who helped him promote the event. Liam will walk you through finding, connecting, promoting and promoting with partners. Tons of actionable info!




Liam Austin



Find the Right Partner and Your Sales Explode, Even If You Don’t Have a Brand Right NowListen in as Lorand gives a specific breakdown of a $60,000 launch selling a little-known partner’s product. He’ll share his secrets of being a great partner and the sales funnel he used to catapult a brand new partner’s sales (and make some good money doing it!).




Lorand Soares Szasz



Launching with ﻿﻿Webinars


Day 9                                                                   




Sold Out Launch Brought her $640,000 - and She Changed the Rules of the Game...Almost ⅔ of a million dollars in a single launch! Bushra will tell you how she did it, from beginning to the end, including all of the dates, strategies and tactics. Bushra is the owner of Persuasion Revolution, and has been featured in Forbes, Inc., Business Insider. She’s also a very entertaining speaker that will set fireworks off in your brain!.




Bushra Azhar



Case Study: The Ultimate Blueprint to Launch Your First Virtual Summit (this applies to every launch...)Launching your first summit isn’t a breeze; it’s a lot of work! But like any good launch, it’s worth the effort when done correctly. Jon Schumacher brought in $25,000+ from his first summit launch and he’s sharing you all the numbers and all the mistakes he made, so you won’t have to figure out on your own.




Jon Schumacher



Special Appearance


 Day 10                                                                  




Be Legally Prepared When Working With AffiliatesGetting affiliate partners is the fun part. Launching is even MORE fun. But to avoid things going wrong, you MUST have legal documents to protect your bottom line and your relationships. Join Lisa’s legal session and learn what you need to do to have a worry-free relationship with your affiliate partners, customers and clients.




Lisa Fraley



Do Good And Make Money with Strategic Philanthropy and ProfitabilityDoing good and making money aren’t mutually exclusive. You can be altruistic AND profit at the same time. In fact Tom will share his PROFIT formula in this session that you don’t want to miss. (Note: It’s not quite what you think!)




Tom Matzen



The Unreasonable Sales Method he Used to Bootstrap and Exit 5 CompaniesGood sales is about the sales PROCESS, not the sales PERSON. Learn the sales process that Lane uses to help his technology clients grow tenfold quickly. You will become positively unreasonable, and this will show up in your balance sheet.




Lane Campbell













Get Your FREE PASS





($10,000 VALUE)










Gifts & Bonuses for Everywone Who Attends











EXCLUSIVE BONUSES & DISCOUNTS ON THE BEST TOOLSMost of our speakers have exclusive bonuses to help you with your launch. Also, you get access to private discounts for magic tools.















2017 LAUNCH WITH PARTNERS PLAYBOOK Get your free pass now and I will send you the top 17 strategies for you to use and skyrocket your launches.













Get Your FREE PASS and all the BONUSES >













Still having questions ?See below if you can relate with any question:














Where is this event located?


Wherever you are! Because this is an online event, there is no physical venue and no travel expenses. You can watch the sessions anywhere with an internet connection.





Can I access this material on my iPad, iPhone or mobile device?

Yes! You can watch any of the speaker's sessions or listen to any of the MP3s on your mobile device for easy access, anytime, anywhere.




Who should attend Launch with Partners Crash Course?

Launch with Partners is for:


Entrepreneurs and founders
Bloggers and podcastersConsultants and service based providersDigital / Online Marketers




Authors and speakersSaaS providersThe Side Hustler (or aspiring entrepreneur)


Do you really need to launch big this time?Have you struggled on your own too much?Have your previous results been ok-ish but you really feel it's time to get some help and become successful or you'll need to give it up? If any of these rings a bell, well... you're in the right place.




How do I watch the sessions?

Once you claim your free ticket, you’ll receive an email in your inbox every day of the event giving you access to all of the sessions as they happen. Simply login and follow the easy instructions we give. You’ll be able to view the sessions on any computer, tablet or mobile device.




When can I watch the Launch with Partners sessions?

Each day, several sessions will be unlocked. The full schedule of sessions is listed on the Agenda above.














Get access to 29 expert sessions on finding great partners, creating your winning strategy and positioning yourself for launch success









Get Your FREE PASS





($10,000 VALUE)








Meet Your Launch with Partners Crash Course Host:
















Ciprian Soleriu
Hey there,I’m Ciprian (pronounced Chipreean) and I help advertisers create evergreen funnels for a constant stream of leads and clients using Facebook AdvertisingI’ve created the biggest persuasion marketing blog in Romania (Conversion Academy) with over 20k subscribers and I’ve made over $200k selling online courses during the last year alone while also getting featured in Romania’s largest media outlets: Ziarul Financiar, Adevarul, Look TV, DIGI24 (series of interviews).I was featured in the Webinar Mastery Summit, List Building School and I’m also one of the the go-to resources for Facebook Advertising training for beginner and intermediate advertisers.My mission with The Launch with Partners Crash Course is to help you to internalize the "team-player mindset".The unbelievable strategies our speakers will reveal are the exact steps you need to take to start selling like crazy with highly profitable launches.I can't wait to meet you!











Get Your FREE PASS NOW >





($10,000 VALUE)

Brought to you by:















































Copyright 2017 by Brain Art LLC  | Terms & Condition and Privacy Policy






 




 





























