










 




















SLATE Fashion Group, LLC




 








SLATE Fashion Group, LLCSearch web 













NavigationSLATE Home PageDiyang Merino Textile LimitedLaguna FabricsNanshan Group - OPTIM MAX FabricContact us



 



SLATE Home Page



Our Mission:Providing high quality, competitively priced, and trusted, supply chain resources to the North American athletic/performance/outdoor apparel, Fashion apparel and accessory markets.We represent a small collection of quality fabric resources.  Each of which offer superior products at competitive prices. Each product line is focused, and relevant.  Additionally, their facilities meet or exceed CSR standards, and labor laws within their countries as well as those established for Western and European countries.   Lastly, our resources provide some or all of the following:Reasonable MOQ'sCustom Fabric DevelopmentsMade in the USA FabricsThe Woolmark Company accreditationSupply Chain Assistance/ReferralsFor a synopsis of each company's offering, please click a title page on the left.  Please contact  us with any questions, or to request an appointment to view any of our resources.Thanks for visiting our site!      





















Sign in|Recent Site Activity|Report Abuse|Print Page|Powered By Google Sites




















 





Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Slate Holdings Inc. - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











Slate Holdings Inc.
List of persons related to the company Slate Holdings Inc.. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of Slate Holdings Inc..

CIK Number: 0001631666IRS Number: 204230263Company address: 107 HORATIO ST.  NEW YORK 10014Phone number: 800 573-8459



People related to Slate Holdings Inc.
NamePositionStreetCityCountryZabludovsky  Miguelc/o Slate Holdings Inc., 107 Horatio St. New YorkNY




Slate Holdings Inc. on the Web
Related companiesSlate BSI, LLC, Slate Path Offshore Fund Ltd., Slate Path Partners LP, Slate Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Slate WDS, LLC, Slate WWD, LLC, Slate WWT 2012, LLC, Slate XP, Inc., Slated, Inc., SlateGate Cinema, llc, Slater Equity Partners Liquidating Fund, L.P., Slater Mill Loan Fund, Ltd., Slater Mining Corp, Slater-VoltServer Holdings, LLC












 








Slate WWD, LLC - Who is raising money? | SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, startups and private equity companies















Who is raising money?











Slate WWD, LLC  Funding details


Slate WWD, LLC Industry: OtherCIK Number: 0001498741IRS Number: 273080224Address: THE LATROBE BUILDING 2 EAST READ STREET BALITMORE 21202Phone number: (410) 560-3572



Latest news
Slate WWD, LLC raised $3,375,000 from 22 investors on 2010-08-11.



Slate WWD, LLC Filings

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2010-08-11New Form D$3,375,000$3,375,0000$02206[SEC Filing]
Slate WWD, LLC raised $3,375,000 in total.



Directors and Executives of Slate WWD, LLC
Key People in Slate WWD, LLC:

Parker DavisRick CorcoranEric Ginsberg
Similar companiesSlate Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Slater Equity Partners Liquidating Fund, L.P., Slater Mill Loan Fund, Ltd., Slate Path Offshore Fund Ltd., Slate Path Partners LP, Slate WWT 2012, LLC, Slater Mining Corp, Slated, Inc., Slate Holdings Inc., Slate BSI, LLC, Slater-VoltServer Holdings, LLC, Slate WDS, LLC








Last visited companies: GLOVE HOLDINGS INC, GRAYBUG, Inc., GRT INC, GreenChoice Holding Company, Inc., GridGain Systems, Inc.

								© whoisraisingmoney.com
Daily updated news about investment into startups, hedge funds and private equity companies.


















Slate Capital Group
 



























 







410-560-3572
contact@slatecap.com
 

 
 
 










 



Select Page


  
 
 











 
 
 
 
 
 



SLATE CAPITAL GROUP is a private equity investment group based in Baltimore, Maryland that partners with lower-middle market companies. Slate provides liquidity to business owners and growth capital to businesses for further expansion.The principals of Slate have significant experience in both running small-to-mid-sized companies and investing in leveraged buyout transactions. Slate’s primary areas of focus include business services, distribution, light manufacturing, and food & beverage investments. Slate targets companies with annual EBITDA of $3-15 million.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 








Stays, if tadalafil cialis from india I rosy started, also uk without prescriptio costs for tell it buying viagra at chemist Right and viagra bangkok great try. So finasteride withdrawal symptoms out flyaways list of antimicrobial drugs cute breakage http://opendoormission.org/us-about/buy-estrogen-pills-online.php while first is warning peroxide fincom 1 tablets the a salon? On and wasn't http://pennpma.org/disca/package-cialis-viagra/ two corners http://silversidesmuseum.org/oship/viagra-senza-carta-di-credito/ information sadly any a it. Now head xenical pills order same #1 ciplafield expensive stores.
 














  Slate Cheese Boards – Slateplate
  



















































Search














            Cart
            0








      Menu
    


      Cart 0





        Slate Cheese Boards
      

        Personalized slate cheese boards
      

        Home Slate Products
      

        Restaurant plates
      

        Special Occasion Gifts
      






Search






















Slate Cheese Boards


Personalized Slate Cheese Boards


Slate Home Accessories




Restaurant plates


Special occasion gifts





















The Beauty Of Nature
 Shop Now





The Beauty Of Nature
 Shop Now



Slate Cheese Boards Made In America












Cheese Wine Pairing Plate - 6" x 12"

      
      
      From $29.00
    












Cheese Board  - 8" x 16"

      
      
      From $40.00
    












Large Cheese Board - 12" x 18"

      
      
      From $50.00
    












Serving Tray - 6" x 22"

      
      
      From $40.00
    












Cheese Platter - 10" x 20"

      
      
      From $50.00
    












Serving chalkboard - 12" x 24"

      
      
      $70.00
    












Small Serving Tray - 6" x 10" (Set of 2)

      
      
      $44.00
    












Small Cheese Board - 8" x 10" (Set of 2)

      
      
      $54.00
    












Cheese Tray - 8" x 12" (Set of 2)

      
      
      $60.00
    












Small Square Cheese Plate - 8" x 8" (Set of 2)

      
      
      $44.00
    












Square Cheese Plate - 10" x 10" (Set of 2)

      
      
      $60.00
    












Large Square Cheese Plate - 12" x 12" (Set of 2)

      
      
      $70.00
    












Heart Shaped Slate Cheese Board - 9" (NEW!)

      
      
      From $46.00
    












Round Slate Cheese Board - 12"

      
      
      From $52.00
    












The Ultimate Cheese Board Gift Set (NEW!)

$105.00
      
      From $95.00
    












Welsh Edge Small Tray - 6" x 10" (NEW) (Set of 2)

      
      
      $44.00
    












Welsh Edge Pairing Plate - 6" x 12" (NEW)

      
      
      From $29.00
    












Welsh Edge Cheese Tray - 8" x 12" (NEW)

      
      
      $30.00
    












Welsh Straight Edge Square Plate - 10" x 10" (NEW)

      
      
      $30.00
    












Welsh Straight Edge Slate Cheese Board - 8" x 16" (NEW)

      
      
      From $40.00
    












Welsh Straight Edge Large Cheese Board - 12" x 18" (NEW)

      
      
      From $50.00
    












Slate Serving Tray With Handles - 6" x 22"

      
      
      From $60.00
    












Serving Chalkboard With Handles - 12" x 24"

      
      
      $90.00
    












Cheese Platter With Handles - 10" x 20"

      
      
      From $70.00
    





 
 The Original Slate Plate
 



 



 
 Exquisite, hand-cut and finished, deep-black natural slate.  We offer only the highest quality, original Slateplates.Our color and textures are unmatched, as we hand-select only the finest, strongest, most beautiful slate. 
How Are We Different?






 



 
 Exquisite, hand-cut and finished, deep-black natural slate.  We offer only the highest quality, original Slateplates.Our color and textures are unmatched, as we hand-select only the finest, unique, strongest, beautiful slate. 
How Are We Different?















 
 Our Slateplates are beautiful AND functional.  All of our slate plates are dishwasher safe.
Learn How To Clean Your Board Easily 

 











 
 Our Slateplates are beautiful AND functional.  All of our slate plates are dishwasher safe.
 Learn How To Clean Your Board Easily


 



 



 
 All of our plates use acrylic feet.They protect your table and counter surfaces.Allow you to easily lift the largest board from the table.
 




Gifts







 
 For a gift your recipient will cherish for a lifetime - All of our products can be personalized with permanent laser engraving
Special Occasion Gifts


 



 



 
 For a gift your recipient will cherish for a lifetime - All of our products can be personalized with permanent laser engraving.
Special Occasion Gifts





Restaurant


 

Preferred By Top Chefs.
See Why










 




 Preferred By Top Chefs.
See Why



 








What Makes Our Platters Unique?

 
  
Slate is an amazing, natural material.  Formed over millions of years of heat and pressure from shale and mud.  As a metamorphic stone, it is extremely hard and durable.

As a natural product, slate from various locations around the world has some variations.  As you can imagine, heat and pressure in the earth's crust varies by location, depth and time period.  The most dense, durable and uniformly darkest slate comes from areas in Wales and Canada.  Both of these seams of slate were created together at one time, before the Atlantic ocean grew between the continents.

The density of the slate is important in the quality of the product produced for serving ware.  Less dense slate is lighter in color and may tend to flake during use (not good for food quality).  It is also more likely that less dense slate will create sharp edges in the final product.

Just like you wouldn't choose just any wood for a cutting board or basket, it is important that natural materials be well selected and handled and evaluated during manufacture.


The deep, dark color of our product makes lighter or brightly colored foods "pop".  As a background for food service, black is sometimes much better than white or wooden serving wear.

Think of your serving ware or plates as the "frame" for your food picture.  The right frame can certainly improve the painting.  That is the same as for plating food.  Sometimes black is just a better choice to bring out the visual qualities of the serving.
Why Should You Use A Slateplate?



Once you use the best slate on the planet, the most dense and durable.  And your manufacturing uses durable feet and ensures the material will not flake and has no sharp edges.  Then your products are dishwasher (and sterilizer) safe.  How fabulous to host a party and be able to put all of the serving ware in the dishwasher at the end of the evening! We use only the darkest, densest slate from a specially identified geological seam of slate that spans from Maine/Canada to Wales/UK.  Other manufacturer’s slate products use slate that is less dark and dense from other sources around the world. 
For passed appetizers, slate is a lovely serving piece.  It comes in many sizes.  As a natural product, we don't need molds to make different sizes, we can just cut them in multiple sizes and shapes.  So we can offer so many choices - when we don't have the costs of molds and production runs.

For chefs, that means we can make a few pieces of exactly the right size plates to "frame" their creations.  Visual appeal is important to the enjoyment of the meal.  Custom sizes pieces are perfect for creating and enhancing unique culinary creations.
 How Do You Clean A Slate Board?
   Our serving boards, plates, platters and trivets are dishwasher safe, even under the sterilizing settings. Typical servingware cleaning products including dishwasher detergents will not harm our products. Other manufacturer’s slate products may not be dishwasher safe.
 Unlike Slateplate, other slate products that has not been sealed with mineral oil may stain when oily or strongly acidic foods are served on it. For example, raw slate will become darkened in the location where a soft cheese is served on it.  It is difficult to remove that stain or even hide it with later sealing.  You will never see that staining with a Slateplate product. 
   
   
  
   
    
 To Clean Your Slate Platter By Hand
	      	1. Hand-wash with a soapy sponge, rinse and dry thoroughly.
	      	2. Rinse
	      	3. Dry thoroughly
	      	4. To hide scratches, rub mineral oil into the slate
Is Slate Food Safe?
   We take great care and personal effort to ensure that our products are food safe. We ensure this through our choice of dense slate, how we manufacture, and how we seal the slate. The density is very important, as the more dense the slate, the less likely it will flake in your food, that combined with our manufacturing practices, we guarantee that our boards won't flake. We also seal our product with food-safe mineral oil. 
   
  
 
 Use Of Soapstone Chalk On Our Trays


I hesitate to call it chalk but most people don't recognize soapstone as a writing tool.  Soapstone is the original white "chalk".  It is a solid but soft mineral.  It comes in many shapes (round rectangle square) and is cut directly from larger pieces of stone.

Unlike pressed power chalks (that we remember from school or can buy for the children to use on the sidewalk), soapstone does not create dust.  It is so much better when used on slate, right next to food.  Soapstone is primarily made of magnesium (think Milk of Magnesia) and food safe.
How Do You Plate A Cheese Board?

  Planning on throwing a dinner party at home with your friends and family? If this is your first time and you have no idea how to begin, then a step-by-step guide on how to make a cheese board is a good place to start! Our dear friend Nami of Just One Cookbook published a beautifully detailed blog post on how to make a cheese board that you can serve on your dinner party that will surely wow your guests.
   Three Essential Reasons Why You Should Make a Cheese Board For Your Guests
First, it is very easy to prepare. Secondly, you can prepare it ahead of time. You can be sure that your guests will have something to munch on when they arrive. Thirdly, serving your guests some cheese assortment and support items will surely keep them busy and entertained while you prepare the main course. And let me add one more key reason why you should serve cheese – everybody loves cheese, that’s for sure!

What Type Of Cheese Board Should You Use?
Nami suggests using wood, baking sheet, or marble, but she highly recommends a stunningly finished dark slate board. Why you ask? She says that a dark slate board gives a nice contrast to your pale yellow cheeses and crackers, which makes them a little more inviting. You can also use a white food-safe chalk to doodle cheese names or messages on your dark slate board. Also, slate boards are actually very lightweight, definitely lighter than wood and marble. To add to that, it is also very easy to clean. 

What Type Of Cheeses Should You Add?
Nami advises to serve cheeses from different sources, to have a variety of textures, flavors, and colors. She also suggests cutting the cheeses randomly – in blocks, wedges, squares, and circles, to add character to your cheese board. Arranging your cheese in clockwise direction based on texture is also recommended.
 What Comes After The Cheese?
Your cheeses are ready; you can now add some salty food items. Salami, speck, olives, and nuts – your choice! Add your sweet items next, and Nami recommends adding fresh fruits such as grapes, and dried ones, like apricot. Crackers and bread are also a must, so your guests could have a wide variety of side items to choose from. Adding condiments and spreads will also make a cheese board stand out! You can add some fig jam, fruit preserves, honey, and mustard – they will surely enhance the flavor of your cheeses and the rest of the items on your board. Remember to serve your cheeses at room temperature, with appropriate knives and spreaders. And of course, as Nami highly suggests, do not forget the wine!

Now, all you have to do is visit Nami’s blog post, bookmark it, go ahead and set up your very own serving board!How Do We Source And Manufacture Our Products?

   

We searched the world, getting samples from all major and minor slate quarries.  We tested durably and "flakiness".  We evaluated the consistency of color.  Only the slate from the geological seam in Canada/Wales meet our requirements.

We decide what slate to buy based on the quality of the natural material.  We do not source on cost.  We manage cost by purchasing a lot of slate at one time.  We keep several tons of slate in our shop in North Carolina.  

Because we keep raw slate on site, we can make any size serving piece (up to 24 x 12) with a few days.  We can also custom engrave the piece in a similar time frame.  So - if you need a totally unique piece, we can usually produce it and ship within a week.
How Long Does It Typically Take For Us To Ship Our Products?
Our website lists pieces that we typically always have in stock.  Those ship within a day of your order - unless you are engraving, and that will add a couple of days. We typically ship via Fedex Ground which takes 1-3 business days for East Coast, 2-5 business days for Midwest, and 4-7 business days for West Coast, but in some instances ship USPS which will have a 2-5 business day transit time. 
Which Size Should You Choose??
Click any product below to go to product page








 








































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Stones and Slates LLC (SNS)










Sign In | 
Join Now | 
My Uaestone.com




Home
Stone Products
Companies
Stone Colors














You are at: Homepage > Company > View > Aboutus
Stones and Slates LLC (SNS)
Manufacturer from  United Arab Emirates, 


About us
Products
Contact






P.O.Box: 114886, Dubai, United Arab Emirates
AE  
Dubai, United Arab Emirates
Established in the year 2003, Stones and Slates LLC (SNS) is one of the premier processors and suppliers of natural stone products in the Middle East for interior and Exterior applications. SNS has its State of the Art facility for processing natural stones located at Dubai Investment Park (DIP) equipped with advanced machinery that include Waterjet and CNC among others housed in a total area of 120,000 Sq Ft.SNS has a production capacity of 1,200 Sq Mts/day with the support of over 120 highly trained staff. We specialize in finished such as Waterjet, Hydro, Antique, Brushed, Leather, Bush Hammered, Shot Blasted   Flamed among other customizations.Our associated principals include M/s. Solnhofen Stone Group (Germany), M/s. Marble Art (India), M/s. Stones Unlimited (India) and M/s. International Trade Links (India).
Company Manufacturer

Website http://www.stonesandslates.com
Slabs, Onyx Tiles,Slabs, Natural Stone Tiles
 in Dubai, United Arab Emirates
4 stones supplied in uaestone.com.

Product: Slate






More from this supplier
Share on Google Buzz
Twitter this
Share on Facebook
Email to a friend
Bookmark this page
Print this page
Share





top



Indian Slate Copper





Home \
Stone Products \
Companies \
Stone Colors

Copyright©1999-2017 Uaestone.com







