

Contract and Agreement Category List











































Home
Search
Sign-In/Up
Contracts
Dictionary
Clauses
Companies
People

About
FAQ
Blog







Sample Contract Categories 

a

b

c

d

e

f

g

h

i

j

k

l

m

n

o

p

q

r

s

t

u

v

w

x

y

z


abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz


337k
		Delaware
	

277k
		New York
	

113k
		California
	

70k
		Texas
	

68k
		Agreement
	

62k
		Nevada
	

46k
		Florida
	

44k
		Maryland
	

40k
		Illinois
	

38k
		Employment Agreement
	

38k
		Washington
	

37k
		Amended And Restated
	

36k
		Massachusetts
	

34k
		New Jersey
	

33k
		Pennsylvania
	

28k
		Georgia
	

28k
		Colorado
	

26k
		Ohio
	

25k
		Minnesota
	

25k
		Virginia
	

21k
		North Carolina
	

20k
		Incentive Plan
	

19k
		Credit Agreement
	

19k
		Amendment
	

16k
		Connecticut
	

16k
		Michigan
	

15k
		Indiana
	

14k
		Registration Rights Agreement
	

14k
		Recitals
	

13k
		Tennessee
	

13k
		Arizona
	

13k
		Missouri
	

12k
		Purchase Agreement
	

12k
		Promissory Note
	

12k
		Indenture
	

11k
		Warrant
	

11k
		Louisiana
	

11k
		Kansas
	

11k
		Utah
	

11k
		Wisconsin
	

10k
		Oklahoma
	

9k
		Securities Purchase Agreement
	

9k
		Agreement And Plan Of Merger
	

8k
		Iowa
	

8k
		Supplemental Indenture
	

8k
		Note
	

8k
		Equity Incentive Plan
	

7k
		Kentucky
	

7k
		Stock Purchase Agreement
	

7k
		Alabama
	














×









      Have an account? Sign in here.

Law Insider
Recover your password







No account? Register Now!


No account? Register Now!
Sign in
by using one of this services











or







Forgot your password?


Have an account? Sign in here.
Join Law Insider
for Free
by using one of this services











or







By registering you agree to our
      terms of service.



















 


 



Fitch Affirms SLC Student Loan Trust 2010-1 | Business Wire


























































      Fitch Affirms SLC Student Loan Trust 2010-1
    





October 06, 2016 02:22 PM Eastern Daylight Time



NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Fitch Ratings has affirmed the SLC Student Loan Trust 2010-1 senior 
      notes at 'AAAsf'. The Rating Outlook remains Stable.
    

      KEY RATING DRIVERSU.S. Sovereign Risk: The trust collateral 
      comprises Federal Family Education Loan Program (FFELP) loans with 
      guaranties provided by eligible guarantors and reinsurance provided by 
      the U.S. Department of Education (ED) for at least 97% of principal and 
      accrued interest. Fitch's U.S. sovereign rating is currently 'AAA' with 
      a Stable Outlook.
    

      Collateral Performance: Fitch assumes a base case default rate of 11.75% 
      and a 35.50% default rate under the 'AAAsf' credit stress scenario. The 
      base case default assumption of 11.75% implies a constant default rate 
      of 2.4% (assuming a weighted average life of 4.8 years), lower than the 
      trailing 12 month average constant default rate, utilized in the 
      maturity stresses, of 3.1%. Fitch applies the standard default timing 
      curve. The claim reject rate is assumed to be 0.50% in the base case and 
      3% in the 'AAAsf' case.
    

      The trailing 12 month average of deferment, forbearance Income based 
      repayment (before adjustment) and constant prepayment rate (voluntary 
      and involuntary) are 10.1%, 16.7%, 19.1% and 9.2%, respectively, which 
      are used as the starting point in cash flow modelling. Subsequent 
      declines or increases are modelled as per criteria. The borrower benefit 
      is assumed to be approximately 0.13%, based on information provided by 
      the sponsor.
    

      Basis and Interest Rate Risk: Fitch applies its standard basis and 
      interest rate stresses to this transaction as per criteria.
    

      Payment Structure: Credit enhancement (CE) is provided by 
      overcollateralization and excess spread. As of the August 2016 
      distribution report, senior parity is 128.10%. Liquidity support for the 
      2010-1 notes is provided by a Reserve Account which is at its floor of 
      $1,200,450. The trust will not release cash until the notes are paid in 
      full.
    

      Maturity Risk: Fitch's SLABS cash flow model indicates that all notes 
      are paid in full on or prior to their legal final maturity of Nov. 25, 
      2042.
    

      Acceptable Servicing Capabilities: Day-to-day servicing is provided by 
      Navient Solutions, Inc. (formerly known as Sallie Mae, Inc.). Fitch 
      believes Navient to be an acceptable servicer of FFELP student loans.
    

      CRITERIA VARIATIONSFor transactions in surveillance, Fitch will 
      treat certain assets such as claims filed as short-term assets in its 
      cash flow analysis. Given that Fitch's current criteria is silent on the 
      treatment of such assets, this treatment is considered a criteria 
      variation. Fitch does not believe such variation has a measurable impact 
      upon the ratings assigned.
    

      The Investment Securities definition does not conform to Fitch's current 
      Counterparty Criteria. Under the 'Counterparty Criteria for Structured 
      Finance and Covered Bonds', dated Sept 1, 2016, Fitch looks to its own 
      ratings in analyzing counterparty risk and assessing a counterparty's 
      creditworthiness. The definition of investment securities for this deal 
      allows for the possibility of using investments below Fitch's rating 
      thresholds, which represents a criteria variation. Fitch doesn't believe 
      such variation has a measurable impact upon the ratings assigned.
    

      RATING SENSITIVITIESSince the FFELP student loan ABS relies on the 
      U.S. government to reimburse defaults, 'AAAsf' FFELP ABS ratings will 
      likely move in tandem with the 'AAA' U.S. sovereign rating. Aside from 
      the U.S. sovereign rating, defaults, basis risk, and loan extension risk 
      account for the majority of the risk embedded in FFELP student loan 
      transactions. Additional defaults, basis shock beyond Fitch's published 
      stresses, lower than expected payment speed, and other factors could 
      result in future downgrades. Likewise, a buildup of CE driven by 
      positive excess spread given favorable basis factor conditions could 
      lead to future upgrades.
    

      USE OF THIRD-PARTY DUE DILIGENCE PURSUANT TO SEC RULE 17G-10Form 
      ABS Due Diligence-15E was not provided to, or reviewed by, Fitch in 
      relation to this rating action.
    

      Fitch has affirmed the following rating:
    

      SLC Student Loan Trust Series 2010-1:--Class A at 'AAAsf'; Outlook 
      Stable.
    

      Additional information is available at www.fitchratings.com.
    

      Applicable CriteriaCounterparty Criteria for Structured Finance 
      and Covered Bonds (pub. 01 Sep 2016)https://www.fitchratings.com/site/re/886006Criteria 
      for Interest Rate Stresses in Structured Finance Transactions and 
      Covered Bonds (pub. 17 May 2016)https://www.fitchratings.com/site/re/879815Global 
      Structured Finance Rating Criteria (pub. 27 Jun 2016)https://www.fitchratings.com/site/re/883130Rating 
      U.S. Federal Family Education Loan Program Student Loan ABS Criteria 
      (pub. 26 Jul 2016)https://www.fitchratings.com/site/re/881705


      Additional DisclosuresDodd-Frank Rating Information Disclosure Formhttps://www.fitchratings.com/creditdesk/press_releases/content/ridf_frame.cfm?pr_id=1012754Solicitation 
      Statushttps://www.fitchratings.com/gws/en/disclosure/solicitation?pr_id=1012754Endorsement 
      Policyhttps://www.fitchratings.com/jsp/creditdesk/PolicyRegulation.faces?context=2&detail=31


      ALL FITCH CREDIT RATINGS ARE SUBJECT TO CERTAIN LIMITATIONS AND 
      DISCLAIMERS. PLEASE READ THESE LIMITATIONS AND DISCLAIMERS BY FOLLOWING 
      THIS LINK: HTTPS://WWW.FITCHRATINGS.COM/UNDERSTANDINGCREDITRATINGS. 
      IN ADDITION, RATING DEFINITIONS AND THE TERMS OF USE OF SUCH RATINGS ARE 
      AVAILABLE ON THE AGENCY'S PUBLIC WEB SITE AT WWW.FITCHRATINGS.COM. 
      PUBLISHED RATINGS, CRITERIA, AND METHODOLOGIES ARE AVAILABLE FROM THIS 
      SITE AT ALL TIMES. FITCH'S CODE OF CONDUCT, CONFIDENTIALITY, CONFLICTS 
      OF INTEREST, AFFILIATE FIREWALL, COMPLIANCE, AND OTHER RELEVANT POLICIES 
      AND PROCEDURES ARE ALSO AVAILABLE FROM THE CODE OF CONDUCT SECTION OF 
      THIS SITE. FITCH MAY HAVE PROVIDED ANOTHER PERMISSIBLE SERVICE TO THE 
      RATED ENTITY OR ITS RELATED THIRD PARTIES. DETAILS OF THIS SERVICE FOR 
      RATINGS FOR WHICH THE LEAD ANALYST IS BASED IN AN EU-REGISTERED ENTITY 
      CAN BE FOUND ON THE ENTITY SUMMARY PAGE FOR THIS ISSUER ON THE FITCH 
      WEBSITE.
    

      Copyright © 2016 by Fitch Ratings, Inc., Fitch Ratings Ltd. and its 
      subsidiaries. 33 Whitehall Street, NY, NY 10004. Telephone: 
      1-800-753-4824, (212) 908-0500. Fax: (212) 480-4435. Reproduction or 
      retransmission in whole or in part is prohibited except by permission. 
      All rights reserved. In issuing and maintaining its ratings and in 
      making other reports (including forecast information), Fitch relies on 
      factual information it receives from issuers and underwriters and from 
      other sources Fitch believes to be credible. Fitch conducts a reasonable 
      investigation of the factual information relied upon by it in accordance 
      with its ratings methodology, and obtains reasonable verification of 
      that information from independent sources, to the extent such sources 
      are available for a given security or in a given jurisdiction. The 
      manner of Fitch's factual investigation and the scope of the third-party 
      verification it obtains will vary depending on the nature of the rated 
      security and its issuer, the requirements and practices in the 
      jurisdiction in which the rated security is offered and sold and/or the 
      issuer is located, the availability and nature of relevant public 
      information, access to the management of the issuer and its advisers, 
      the availability of pre-existing third-party verifications such as audit 
      reports, agreed-upon procedures letters, appraisals, actuarial reports, 
      engineering reports, legal opinions and other reports provided by third 
      parties, the availability of independent and competent third- party 
      verification sources with respect to the particular security or in the 
      particular jurisdiction of the issuer, and a variety of other factors. 
      Users of Fitch's ratings and reports should understand that neither an 
      enhanced factual investigation nor any third-party verification can 
      ensure that all of the information Fitch relies on in connection with a 
      rating or a report will be accurate and complete. Ultimately, the issuer 
      and its advisers are responsible for the accuracy of the information 
      they provide to Fitch and to the market in offering documents and other 
      reports. In issuing its ratings and its reports, Fitch must rely on the 
      work of experts, including independent auditors with respect to 
      financial statements and attorneys with respect to legal and tax 
      matters. Further, ratings and forecasts of financial and other 
      information are inherently forward-looking and embody assumptions and 
      predictions about future events that by their nature cannot be verified 
      as facts. As a result, despite any verification of current facts, 
      ratings and forecasts can be affected by future events or conditions 
      that were not anticipated at the time a rating or forecast was issued or 
      affirmed.
    

      The information in this report is provided "as is" without any 
      representation or warranty of any kind, and Fitch does not represent or 
      warrant that the report or any of its contents will meet any of the 
      requirements of a recipient of the report. A Fitch rating is an opinion 
      as to the creditworthiness of a security. This opinion and reports made 
      by Fitch are based on established criteria and methodologies that Fitch 
      is continuously evaluating and updating. Therefore, ratings and reports 
      are the collective work product of Fitch and no individual, or group of 
      individuals, is solely responsible for a rating or a report. The rating 
      does not address the risk of loss due to risks other than credit risk, 
      unless such risk is specifically mentioned. Fitch is not engaged in the 
      offer or sale of any security. All Fitch reports have shared authorship. 
      Individuals identified in a Fitch report were involved in, but are not 
      solely responsible for, the opinions stated therein. The individuals are 
      named for contact purposes only. A report providing a Fitch rating is 
      neither a prospectus nor a substitute for the information assembled, 
      verified and presented to investors by the issuer and its agents in 
      connection with the sale of the securities. Ratings may be changed or 
      withdrawn at any time for any reason in the sole discretion of Fitch. 
      Fitch does not provide investment advice of any sort. Ratings are not a 
      recommendation to buy, sell, or hold any security. Ratings do not 
      comment on the adequacy of market price, the suitability of any security 
      for a particular investor, or the tax-exempt nature or taxability of 
      payments made in respect to any security. Fitch receives fees from 
      issuers, insurers, guarantors, other obligors, and underwriters for 
      rating securities. Such fees generally vary from US$1,000 to US$750,000 
      (or the applicable currency equivalent) per issue. In certain cases, 
      Fitch will rate all or a number of issues issued by a particular issuer, 
      or insured or guaranteed by a particular insurer or guarantor, for a 
      single annual fee. Such fees are expected to vary from US$10,000 to 
      US$1,500,000 (or the applicable currency equivalent). The assignment, 
      publication, or dissemination of a rating by Fitch shall not constitute 
      a consent by Fitch to use its name as an expert in connection with any 
      registration statement filed under the United States securities laws, 
      the Financial Services and Markets Act of 2000 of the United Kingdom, or 
      the securities laws of any particular jurisdiction. Due to the relative 
      efficiency of electronic publishing and distribution, Fitch research may 
      be available to electronic subscribers up to three days earlier than to 
      print subscribers.
    

      For Australia, New Zealand, Taiwan and South Korea only: Fitch Australia 
      Pty Ltd holds an Australian financial services license (AFS license no. 
      337123) which authorizes it to provide credit ratings to wholesale 
      clients only. Credit ratings information published by Fitch is not 
      intended to be used by persons who are retail clients within the meaning 
      of the Corporations Act 2001
    


Contacts

      Fitch RatingsPrimary AnalystHarry KohlDirector+1-212-908-0837Fitch 
      Ratings, Inc.33 Whitehall StreetNew York, NY 10004orCommittee 
      ChairpersonKevin CorriganSenior Director+1-212-908-9156orMedia 
      RelationsSandro Scenga, New York, +1 212-908-0278sandro.scenga@fitchratings.com













Contacts

      Fitch RatingsPrimary AnalystHarry KohlDirector+1-212-908-0837Fitch 
      Ratings, Inc.33 Whitehall StreetNew York, NY 10004orCommittee 
      ChairpersonKevin CorriganSenior Director+1-212-908-9156orMedia 
      RelationsSandro Scenga, New York, +1 212-908-0278sandro.scenga@fitchratings.com







 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up














SLC Student Loan Trust 2010-1














































Home
Search
Sign-In/Up
Contracts
Dictionary
Clauses
Companies
People

About
FAQ
Blog











Related Companies

A.I. Receivables Transfer Corp.
ABFC 2006-HE1 Trust
ABFC 2006-OPT1 Trust
ABFC 2006-OPT2 Trust
ABFC 2006-OPT3 Trust
ABFC 2007-WMC1 Trust
ABFC Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2004-FF1
ABFC Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2005-WMC1
ACE Securities Corp Home Equity Loan Trust 2005-HE4
ACE Securities Corp Home Equity Loan Trust, Series 2005-SN1
ACE Securities Corp Series 2004-FM2
ACE Securities Corp Series 2004-HE3
ACE Securities Corp Series 2004-HE4
ACE Securities Corp Series 2004-RM1
ACE Securities Corp Series 2004-RM2



        More Related Companies
      





Home



Sample Contracts



By Company


SLC Student Loan Trust 2010 1




SLC Student Loan Trust 2010-1





      Loading...
    





Standard IndustryClassification
Asset-backed securitiesAddress

4000 Regent Boulevard, Irving, TX 75063
Phone
(469) 220-4928



Sample Contracts



SLC Student Loan Trust 2010-1 –
SLC STUDENT LOAN TRUST 2010-1 SUBSERVICING AGREEMENT Between SALLIE MAE, INC.,
as Subservicer and THE STUDENT LOAN CORPORATION, as Servicer Dated as of
December 31, 2010
(January 5th, 2011)
This Subservicing Agreement (this "Agreement") is entered into as of December 31, 2010 between SALLIE MAE, INC., as subservicer (in such capacity, the "Subservicer"), and THE STUDENT LOAN CORPORATION ("SLC"), as servicer (in such capacity, the "Servicer").



SLC Student Loan Trust 2010-1 –
Master Terms Sale Agreement
(July 6th, 2010)
This Master Terms Sale Agreement, dated as of July 6, 2010 (Master Terms Sale Agreement), among SLC Student Loan Receivables I, Inc. (in such capacity, the Seller), SLC Student Loan Trust 2010-1 (in such capacity, the Purchaser) and Citibank, N.A., not in its individual capacity but solely as Eligible Lender Trustee (the Eligible Lender Trustee) for the benefit of the Seller under the Eligible Lender Trust Agreement, dated as of July 6, 2010, between the Seller and the Eligible Lender Trustee, and as Eligible Lender Trustee for the benefit of the Purchaser under the Eligible Lender Trust Agreement, dated as of July 6, 2010, between the Purchaser and the Eligible Lender Trustee, shall be effective upon execution by the parties hereto.  References to the Seller and the Purchaser herein mean the Eligible Lender Trustee for all purposes  involving the holding or transferring of legal title to the Trust Student Loans.



SLC Student Loan Trust 2010-1 –
INDENTURE Among SLC STUDENT LOAN TRUST 2010-1, as the Issuer, CITIBANK, N.A.,
Not in Its Individual Capacity but Solely as the Eligible Lender Trustee AND
CITIBANK, N.A., Not in Its Individual Capacity but Solely as the Indenture
Administrator Acting as Agent for the Indenture Trustee Dated as of July 6,
2010
(July 6th, 2010)




SLC Student Loan Trust 2010-1 –
Eligible Lender Trust Agreement
(July 6th, 2010)
THIS ELIGIBLE LENDER TRUST AGREEMENT is made on July 6, 2010, by and between SLC STUDENT LOAN RECEIVABLES I, INC. (the Grantor) and CITIBANK, N.A., as eligible lender trustee (the Eligible Lender Trustee).



SLC Student Loan Trust 2010-1 –
Subservicing Agreement
(July 6th, 2010)
This SUBSERVICING AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is entered into as of July 6, 2010, by and between Citibank (South Dakota), National Association, a national banking association (the Subservicer) and The Student Loan Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Servicer).



SLC Student Loan Trust 2010-1 –
Master Terms Purchase Agreement
(July 6th, 2010)
This Master Terms Purchase Agreement, dated as of July 6, 2010 (Master Terms Purchase Agreement), among The Student Loan Corporation (SLC), SLC Student Loan Receivables I, Inc. (SLC Receivables) and Citibank, N.A., not in its individual capacity but solely as Eligible Lender Trustee (the Eligible Lender Trustee) for the benefit of SLC Receivables under the Eligible Lender Trust Agreement, dated as of July 6, 2010, between SLC Receivables and the Eligible Lender Trustee, and as Eligible Lender Trustee for the benefit of SLC under the Trust Agreement, dated as of August 30, 2003, between SLC and the Eligible Lender Trustee, shall be effective upon execution by the parties hereto.  References to SLC Receivables herein mean the Eligible Lender Trustee for all purposes involving the holding or transferring of legal title to the Elig ible Loans.



SLC Student Loan Trust 2010-1 –
SLC STUDENT LOAN TRUST 2010-1 AMENDED AND RESTATED TRUST AGREEMENT Dated as of
July 6, 2010 Between SLC STUDENT LOAN RECEIVABLES I, INC. As Depositor And
(July 6th, 2010)




SLC Student Loan Trust 2010-1 –
Eligible Lender Trust Agreement
(July 6th, 2010)
THIS ELIGIBLE LENDER TRUST AGREEMENT is made on July 6, 2010, by and between SLC STUDENT LOAN TRUST 2010-1 (the Grantor) and CITIBANK, N.A., as eligible lender trustee (the Eligible Lender Trustee).













×









      Have an account? Sign in here.

Law Insider
Recover your password







No account? Register Now!


No account? Register Now!
Sign in
by using one of this services











or







Forgot your password?


Have an account? Sign in here.
Join Law Insider
for Free
by using one of this services











or







By registering you agree to our
      terms of service.











Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 















SLC Student Loan Trust 2010-1 Credit Rating - Moody's






















































Yes
No





























About Moody'sCareersRegulatory AffairsTerms of UseContact UsAbout Moody'sCompany OverviewInvestor RelationsMedia RelationsCorporate Social ResponsibilityAlumni













GO






































There are too many sessions currently in use on this account















Log In




Cancel


































Research & Ratings

OverviewRatings NewsRating MethodologiesRatings DisclosuresRatings PerformanceRegulatory AffairsCode of Professional ConductSector in DepthLook Up a RatingFind an AnalystInteractive ChartsMarket SegmentCorporatesFinancial InstitutionsStructured FinanceManaged InvestmentsInfrastructure & Project FinanceSovereign & SupranationalSub-SovereignU.S. Public FinanceRegionNorth AmericaLatin America & CaribbeanEurope, Middle East & AfricaAsia PacificResearch TypeIssuer ResearchIndustry / Sector ResearchMethodologyCapital Markets ResearchDefault & Ratings AnalyticsEconomic ResearchData ReportsPolitical / Economic GroupEmerging MarketsEuropean UnionAsia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC)Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN)Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS)EurozoneGulf Cooperation CouncilMercosurOrganisation for Economic Co-operation and Development  (OECD)Credit PolicyRating MethodologiesRequests for CommentThe Commercial GroupHow to Get RatedRatings DefinitionsRatings Policy & Approach



Products & Solutions

OverviewProducts Listing by A - ZMoody's AnalyticsMoody's Pricing & Valuations ToolsMoody's Advisory ServicesMoody's Economy.comMoody’s Training & CertificationSolutionsAsset and Liability Management SolutionsCredit Origination SolutionsCredit Risk SolutionsData SolutionsEconomic SolutionsInsurance SolutionsInvestment & Pensions SolutionsLearning Solutions and CertificationsPortfolio Management SolutionsRegulatory and Accounting SolutionsStructured Finance SolutionsAccess ProductsCredit Risk CalculatorCredit Transition ModelCredit TrendsCreditEdge®Default Recovery Database (DRD)Default Risk Service - StructuredFund MonitoringLossCalc™Market Implied Ratings (MIR®)Moody's Financial Metrics™Moody's Project Finance ScorecardMoody's Quantitative Ratings Estimator (QRATE)Municipal Financial Ratio AnalysisRatings InteractiveRiskCalc™



News & Events

OverviewRatings NewsEventsTraining EventsTopics





Log In
Register







            Log In 

            Please log in for full access to your permissions. Password is case sensitive.











                    User Name:





                    Password:









                Automatically log me in when I return





                Log In





                Forgot your Username or Password?




        Or Log In using:

























Please Note


We brought you to this page based on your search query. If this isn't what you are looking for, you can continue to Search Results for ""
















The maximum number of items you can export is 3,000.
  Please reduce your list by using the filtering tool to the left.









Close








































































Back to Previous Page



















Please Log In to access this content






Registered User


        Please log in for full access to your permissions. Password is case sensitive.








            User Name:





            Password:








            Automatically log me in when I return



            Log In





            Forgot your Username or Password?



        Or Log In using:
    







Not Registered Yet?

Register now to get FREE access to:
Issuer Ratings.
Ratings on over 170,000 corporate, government and structured finance securities.
Events Calendar.
Information about training seminars, briefings, and teleconferences.
Watchlists.
Listings of issuers under review for rating changes.
Rating Methodologies.
Descriptive frameworks underlying Moody's ratings.

 

Register Now

















SLC Student Loan Trust 2010-1

Moody's Org ID:722109723







Moody's Org ID:722109723

Market Segment:Structured Finance > ABS > Student Loans...>> > FFELP <<







Please Log In to view this content.



















                                    Research



                                    Ratings



                                    Related Parties







                            Go to Student Loan ABS Industry Page
                        









    Deal Research


    Industry Research


    Performance


    Related Parties Research


    Methodology






Results 
        1 - 7
Of 
        7


 
        Page 
        
        1
Of 
        1 
        






                Filter By:
            


Document Type - All
Announcement
Pre-Sale Report
Rating Action
Special Comment


Source - All
Moody's Investors Service







Date
    
    



Document Type
    



                        Title
                    

                        Source
                    




                    05 May 2014
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's affirms ratings of 475 classes of notes issued in Sallie Mae's FFELP and private student loan securitizations





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    06 Jun 2013
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's affirms 394 classes of notes from 109 Sallie Mae FFELP student loan securitizations





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    30 Dec 2010
                

                    Announcement
                













                                    Moody's: No negative ratings impact on SLC FFELP trusts as a result of proposed servicing and administration transfer





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    20 Sep 2010
                

                    Special Comment
                













                                    Citi's sale of Student Loan Corp not expected to impact its student loan ABS





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    06 Jul 2010
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's Assigns Aaa Rating to SLC Student Loan Trust 2010-1 Class A Notes





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    01 Jul 2010
                

                    Pre-Sale Report
                













                                    SLC Student Loan Trust 2010-1





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    01 Jul 2010
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's Assigns Provisional Ratings to SLC Student Loan Trust 2010-1





                    Moody's Investors Service
                





Results 
        1 - 7
Of 
        7


 
        Page 
        
        1
Of 
        1 
        
















                6The rating history for this credit rating accurately reflects the current status of the (sf) indicator but, due to technical limitations, does not accurately reflect the (sf) indicator history. Please visit the Research tab to view the press release(s) announcing when the (sf) indicator was added or removed.


For credit ratings that are derived exclusively from an existing credit rating of a program, series, category/class of debt, support provider or primary rated entity, or that replace a previously assigned provisional rating at the same rating level, Moody’s publishes a rating announcement on that series, category/class of debt or program as a whole, on the support provider or primary rated entity, or on the provisional rating, but often does not publish a specific rating announcement on each subsequent bond or note for which the credit rating is derived from the existing credit rating. Rating announcements are usually press releases classified as Rating Actions on www.moodys.com. Please refer to the Research tab on the issuer/entity page for the rating announcement.
















Moody's Integrity Hotline
EU

001-800-506-1440
Japan

KDDI: 00-539-111 then 888-320-1668
NTT: 0034-811-001 then 888-320-1668
Outside of the EU and Japan

1-866-330-MDYS (6397)



Browse By
HomeResearch & RatingsProducts & SolutionsNews & EventsCareers


Contact Us
Help & SupportContact UsSubmit a Complaint


Terms & Conditions
Terms of UsePrivacy PolicyProprietary Rights





            © 2017 Moody's Investors Service, Inc., Moody’s Analytics, Inc. and/or their affiliates and licensors. All rights reserved.
        

           Regional Sites:
            
GlobalArgentinaAsiaAustraliaBoliviaBrazilCanadaCEEChinaCzech RepublicCISEMEAFranceGermanyIndonesiaIndiaItalyJapanKoreaMexicoMiddle EastPolandSouth AfricaSpainTurkeyTaiwanUruguay





























































































	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































Fitch Affirms SLC Student Loan Trust 2010-1HomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets close in 3 hrs 45 minsS&P 5002,470.31-5.11 (-0.21%)Dow 3021,802.83+6.28 (+0.03%)Nasdaq6,369.32-12.87 (-0.20%)Stocks to WatchIntel impresses with strong quarter, Starbucks and Mattel shares are tankingFitch Affirms SLC Student Loan Trust 2010-1Business WireOctober 6, 2016ReblogShareTweetShareNEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Fitch Ratings has affirmed the SLC Student Loan Trust 2010-1 senior notes at 'AAAsf'. The Rating Outlook remains Stable.KEY RATING DRIVERSU.S. Sovereign Risk: The trust collateral comprises Federal Family Education Loan Program (FFELP) loans with guaranties provided by eligible guarantors and reinsurance provided by the U.S. Department of Education (ED) for at least 97% of principal and accrued interest. Fitch's U.S. sovereign rating is currently 'AAA' with a Stable Outlook.Collateral Performance: Fitch assumes a base case default rate of 11.75% and a 35.50% default rate under the 'AAAsf' credit stress scenario. The base case default assumption of 11.75% implies a constant default rate of 2.4% (assuming a weighted average life of 4.8 years), lower than the trailing 12 month average constant default rate, utilized in the maturity stresses, of 3.1%. Fitch applies the standard default timing curve. The claim reject rate is assumed to be 0.50% in the base case and 3% in the 'AAAsf' case.The trailing 12 month average of deferment, forbearance Income based repayment (before adjustment) and constant prepayment rate (voluntary and involuntary) are 10.1%, 16.7%, 19.1% and 9.2%, respectively, which are used as the starting point in cash flow modelling. Subsequent declines or increases are modelled as per criteria. The borrower benefit is assumed to be approximately 0.13%, based on information provided by the sponsor.Basis and Interest Rate Risk: Fitch applies its standard basis and interest rate stresses to this transaction as per criteria.Payment Structure: Credit enhancement (CE) is provided by overcollateralization and excess spread. As of the August 2016 distribution report, senior parity is 128.10%. Liquidity support for the 2010-1 notes is provided by a Reserve Account which is at its floor of $1,200,450. The trust will not release cash until the notes are paid in full.Maturity Risk: Fitch's SLABS cash flow model indicates that all notes are paid in full on or prior to their legal final maturity of Nov. 25, 2042.Acceptable Servicing Capabilities: Day-to-day servicing is provided by Navient Solutions, Inc. (formerly known as Sallie Mae, Inc.). Fitch believes Navient to be an acceptable servicer of FFELP student loans.CRITERIA VARIATIONSFor transactions in surveillance, Fitch will treat certain assets such as claims filed as short-term assets in its cash flow analysis. Given that Fitch's current criteria is silent on the treatment of such assets, this treatment is considered a criteria variation. Fitch does not believe such variation has a measurable impact upon the ratings assigned.The Investment Securities definition does not conform to Fitch's current Counterparty Criteria. Under the 'Counterparty Criteria for Structured Finance and Covered Bonds', dated Sept 1, 2016, Fitch looks to its own ratings in analyzing counterparty risk and assessing a counterparty's creditworthiness. The definition of investment securities for this deal allows for the possibility of using investments below Fitch's rating thresholds, which represents a criteria variation. Fitch doesn't believe such variation has a measurable impact upon the ratings assigned.RATING SENSITIVITIESSince the FFELP student loan ABS relies on the U.S. government to reimburse defaults, 'AAAsf' FFELP ABS ratings will likely move in tandem with the 'AAA' U.S. sovereign rating. Aside from the U.S. sovereign rating, defaults, basis risk, and loan extension risk account for the majority of the risk embedded in FFELP student loan transactions. Additional defaults, basis shock beyond Fitch's published stresses, lower than expected payment speed, and other factors could result in future downgrades. Likewise, a buildup of CE driven by positive excess spread given favorable basis factor conditions could lead to future upgrades.USE OF THIRD-PARTY DUE DILIGENCE PURSUANT TO SEC RULE 17G-10Form ABS Due Diligence-15E was not provided to, or reviewed by, Fitch in relation to this rating action.Fitch has affirmed the following rating:SLC Student Loan Trust Series 2010-1:--Class A at 'AAAsf'; Outlook Stable.Additional information is available at www.fitchratings.com.Applicable CriteriaCounterparty Criteria for Structured Finance and Covered Bonds (pub. 01 Sep 2016)https://www.fitchratings.com/site/re/886006Criteria for Interest Rate Stresses in Structured Finance Transactions and Covered Bonds (pub. 17 May 2016)https://www.fitchratings.com/site/re/879815Global Structured Finance Rating Criteria (pub. 27 Jun 2016)https://www.fitchratings.com/site/re/883130Rating U.S. Federal Family Education Loan Program Student Loan ABS Criteria (pub. 26 Jul 2016)https://www.fitchratings.com/site/re/881705Read MoreAdditional DisclosuresDodd-Frank Rating Information Disclosure Formhttps://www.fitchratings.com/creditdesk/press_releases/content/ridf_frame.cfm?pr_id=1012754Solicitation Statushttps://www.fitchratings.com/gws/en/disclosure/solicitation?pr_id=1012754Endorsement Policyhttps://www.fitchratings.com/jsp/creditdesk/PolicyRegulation.faces?context=2&detail=31ALL FITCH CREDIT RATINGS ARE SUBJECT TO CERTAIN LIMITATIONS AND DISCLAIMERS. PLEASE READ THESE LIMITATIONS AND DISCLAIMERS BY FOLLOWING THIS LINK: HTTPS://WWW.FITCHRATINGS.COM/UNDERSTANDINGCREDITRATINGS. IN ADDITION, RATING DEFINITIONS AND THE TERMS OF USE OF SUCH RATINGS ARE AVAILABLE ON THE AGENCY'S PUBLIC WEB SITE AT WWW.FITCHRATINGS.COM. PUBLISHED RATINGS, CRITERIA, AND METHODOLOGIES ARE AVAILABLE FROM THIS SITE AT ALL TIMES. FITCH'S CODE OF CONDUCT, CONFIDENTIALITY, CONFLICTS OF INTEREST, AFFILIATE FIREWALL, COMPLIANCE, AND OTHER RELEVANT POLICIES AND PROCEDURES ARE ALSO AVAILABLE FROM THE CODE OF CONDUCT SECTION OF THIS SITE. FITCH MAY HAVE PROVIDED ANOTHER PERMISSIBLE SERVICE TO THE RATED ENTITY OR ITS RELATED THIRD PARTIES. DETAILS OF THIS SERVICE FOR RATINGS FOR WHICH THE LEAD ANALYST IS BASED IN AN EU-REGISTERED ENTITY CAN BE FOUND ON THE ENTITY SUMMARY PAGE FOR THIS ISSUER ON THE FITCH WEBSITE.Copyright © 2016 by Fitch Ratings, Inc., Fitch Ratings Ltd. and its subsidiaries. 33 Whitehall Street, NY, NY 10004. Telephone: 1-800-753-4824, (212) 908-0500. Fax: (212) 480-4435. Reproduction or retransmission in whole or in part is prohibited except by permission. All rights reserved. In issuing and maintaining its ratings and in making other reports (including forecast information), Fitch relies on factual information it receives from issuers and underwriters and from other sources Fitch believes to be credible. Fitch conducts a reasonable investigation of the factual information relied upon by it in accordance with its ratings methodology, and obtains reasonable verification of that information from independent sources, to the extent such sources are available for a given security or in a given jurisdiction. The manner of Fitch's factual investigation and the scope of the third-party verification it obtains will vary depending on the nature of the rated security and its issuer, the requirements and practices in the jurisdiction in which the rated security is offered and sold and/or the issuer is located, the availability and nature of relevant public information, access to the management of the issuer and its advisers, the availability of pre-existing third-party verifications such as audit reports, agreed-upon procedures letters, appraisals, actuarial reports, engineering reports, legal opinions and other reports provided by third parties, the availability of independent and competent third- party verification sources with respect to the particular security or in the particular jurisdiction of the issuer, and a variety of other factors. Users of Fitch's ratings and reports should understand that neither an enhanced factual investigation nor any third-party verification can ensure that all of the information Fitch relies on in connection with a rating or a report will be accurate and complete. Ultimately, the issuer and its advisers are responsible for the accuracy of the information they provide to Fitch and to the market in offering documents and other reports. In issuing its ratings and its reports, Fitch must rely on the work of experts, including independent auditors with respect to financial statements and attorneys with respect to legal and tax matters. Further, ratings and forecasts of financial and other information are inherently forward-looking and embody assumptions and predictions about future events that by their nature cannot be verified as facts. As a result, despite any verification of current facts, ratings and forecasts can be affected by future events or conditions that were not anticipated at the time a rating or forecast was issued or affirmed.The information in this report is provided "as is" without any representation or warranty of any kind, and Fitch does not represent or warrant that the report or any of its contents will meet any of the requirements of a recipient of the report. A Fitch rating is an opinion as to the creditworthiness of a security. This opinion and reports made by Fitch are based on established criteria and methodologies that Fitch is continuously evaluating and updating. Therefore, ratings and reports are the collective work product of Fitch and no individual, or group of individuals, is solely responsible for a rating or a report. The rating does not address the risk of loss due to risks other than credit risk, unless such risk is specifically mentioned. Fitch is not engaged in the offer or sale of any security. All Fitch reports have shared authorship. Individuals identified in a Fitch report were involved in, but are not solely responsible for, the opinions stated therein. The individuals are named for contact purposes only. A report providing a Fitch rating is neither a prospectus nor a substitute for the information assembled, verified and presented to investors by the issuer and its agents in connection with the sale of the securities. Ratings may be changed or withdrawn at any time for any reason in the sole discretion of Fitch. Fitch does not provide investment advice of any sort. Ratings are not a recommendation to buy, sell, or hold any security. Ratings do not comment on the adequacy of market price, the suitability of any security for a particular investor, or the tax-exempt nature or taxability of payments made in respect to any security. Fitch receives fees from issuers, insurers, guarantors, other obligors, and underwriters for rating securities. Such fees generally vary from US$1,000 to US$750,000 (or the applicable currency equivalent) per issue. In certain cases, Fitch will rate all or a number of issues issued by a particular issuer, or insured or guaranteed by a particular insurer or guarantor, for a single annual fee. Such fees are expected to vary from US$10,000 to US$1,500,000 (or the applicable currency equivalent). The assignment, publication, or dissemination of a rating by Fitch shall not constitute a consent by Fitch to use its name as an expert in connection with any registration statement filed under the United States securities laws, the Financial Services and Markets Act of 2000 of the United Kingdom, or the securities laws of any particular jurisdiction. Due to the relative efficiency of electronic publishing and distribution, Fitch research may be available to electronic subscribers up to three days earlier than to print subscribers.For Australia, New Zealand, Taiwan and South Korea only: Fitch Australia Pty Ltd holds an Australian financial services license (AFS license no. 337123) which authorizes it to provide credit ratings to wholesale clients only. Credit ratings information published by Fitch is not intended to be used by persons who are retail clients within the meaning of the Corporations Act 2001View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161006006297/en/ReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextTrump’s unwitting legacy could be universal health coverageYahoo FinanceEngineer Finds Pattern; Makes Millions in StocksMoney MorningSponsoredAirbnb sued by woman who says she was sexually assaulted by 'superhost'The GuardianTax cuts just got more likelyYahoo FinanceS&P Gets Positive on Best Buybarrons.comZuckerberg Wife's Ambitious Secret Finally ExposedUNewz.MeSponsoredPogue: The business of keeping 5,000 kitchens out of landfillsYahoo Finance VideoThe government can't help people from making the single-biggest investing mistakeYahoo FinanceSean Hannity responds to claim he ran up a $42,000 tab at Trump's hotel after flying in a 70-year-old lobster from MaineBusiness Insider"Women Need To Carry This Device With Them"Siren SongSponsoredIntel impresses with strong quarter, Starbucks and Mattel shares are tankingYahoo FinanceU.S. economic growth picks up in second quarter, wages continue to lagReutersAmazon shares fall after profit falls way short of expectationsYahoo Finance VideoDiscover it: 4.8 out of 5 avg. by 24K+ customersDiscover CardSponsoredThe average person would pay $9 more for commercial-free cableYahoo FinanceWall Street braces for end of Snap share lockupReutersTrump Rages at Republicans as John McCain Kills Obamacare Repeal BillSuzy Q: Trump PROMISED he had a healthcare bill that would lower costs, expand coverage, and offer more choices. Where is HIS bill? Time to put up or shut up.Join the Conversation1 / 5639













BBB Business Profile | Valore, Inc.

























Home
 > 
Accredited Business Directory
 > 
School Supplies
 > 
Valore, Inc.














BBB Accredited Business Profile






Valore, Inc.



Request a Quote

































Valore, Inc.






            Business Information
        






(617) 630-6100

Valore, Inc.
11 years in business

        268 Summer St
Suite 502
        Boston, MA 02210-1108
    




                 WEBSITE
            





                    Fax Numbers
                


                            (617) 630-1104
                        




                    Additional Phone Numbers
                


                            (800) 690-9065
                        




                    Additional Email Addresses
                


                            customerrelations@valorebooks.com
                        

                            info@boundless.com
                        





See Less Contact Options
See More Contact Options





Find a Location






                BBB File Opened: 06/30/2006
            

                Business Started: 05/05/2006


                Business Incorporated: 01/18/2005 in DE





            Type of Entity
             
            Corporation       
    



            Business Management
        


                    Mr. Geoffrey Willison, CEO
                






            Business Category
        


                School Supplies
            




                            NAICS: Commercial Banking
                        




See More Business Categories
See Less Business Categories








            Service Area
        
         MASSACHUSETTS

    






                    Licensing, Bonding or Registration
                
                This business is in an industry that may require professional licensing, bonding or registration. BBB encourages you to check with the appropriate agency to be certain any requirements are currently being met.

                
            


                    Number of Employees: 
                
                35
            


                    Methods of Payment
                


                            Check
                        





See Less Business Information
See More Business Information


 








            Business Information
        







                    A+
                


                BBB Rating Scorecard
            






Overview


Valore strives to bring efficiency and affordability to the textbook industry through its two unique platforms, ValoreBooks (acquired in 2012) and Boundless (acquired in 2015). ValoreBooks is a leading textbook marketplace that supports millions of students, thousands of sellers, and hundreds of bookstores to get the best prices when buying, renting and selling textbooks. Boundless is a digital publisher that empowers academic institutions and their faculty to drive student success through the use of high quality, cost effective, and scalable digital courseware. Together, ValoreBooks and Boundless are an agent of change in how course materials are created, acquired, distributed, and consumed.


Let's socialize:








 








        Request a Quote
    





Share your experience


              Submit a Review
          

            Submit a Complaint
        









BBB Reason for Ratings


        BBB rating is based on 13 factors: Get the details about the factors considered.










Hours of Operation:





                
M: 9:00 AM-5:00 PM 


                
T: 9:00 AM-5:00 PM 


                
W: 9:00 AM-5:00 PM 


                
Th: 9:00 AM-5:00 PM 


                
F: 9:00 AM-5:00 PM 


                
S: Closed 


                
Su: Closed 











BBB Reports On









Licensing









                        Licensing information is provided in the BBB Business Profiles to inform the public about industries that may require professional licensing, bonding, or registration. Better Business Bureau encourages you to check with the appropriate agency to be certain any requirements are currently being met.
                    





Advertising Review









                        BBB promotes truth in advertising by contacting advertisers whose claims conflict with the BBB Code of Advertising.  These claims come to our attention from our internal review of advertising, consumer complaints and competitor challenges.  BBB asks advertisers to substantiate their claims, change ads to make offers more clear to consumers, and remove misleading or deceptive statements.
                    





Government Actions









                        BBB reports on known significant government actions involving the business's marketplace conduct.
                    





Out of Business









                        BBB reports on a company that is out of business for three years from the date the company closes its doors or ceases to do business.
                    





Misuse of Better Business Bureau Name/Logo









                        BBB reports on unauthorized use of the Better Business Bureau's name and/or logo for as long as the business continues to use it in any advertising, or for one year after the business ceases any repeated unauthorized uses.
                    





Bankruptcy









                        BBB reports on a business’s bankruptcy as long as the business remains in bankruptcy.
                    





Mail Returned









                        BBB reports when mail sent to the business was returned by the Postal Service.
                    
























Valore, Inc.






            BBB Rating Scorecard
        












 




                Valore, Inc.
            
BBB ACCREDITATION SINCE 06/30/2006










A+




BBB Rating System Overview














Customer Review Rating:









                        The BBB Customer Review Rating represents the customer's opinion of the business.
                        The Customer Review Rating percentages are based on the total number of positive,
                        neutral, and negative reviews posted.
                    



100%




[0] Positive Reviews



[0] Neutral Reviews



[3] Negative Reviews



[3] Total Customer Reviews
                        





[2] Total Customer Complaints
                        










Composite Score:





                        Valore, Inc. has received 3.68 out of 5 stars based on 3 Customer Reviews and a BBB Rating of A+.
                        






                            Comprised of 67% BBB Rating and 33% Customer Review Rating.
                        

                            The BBB Customer Review Rating represents the customer's opinion of the business. The Customer Review
                            Rating percentages are based on the total number of positive, neutral, and negative reviews posted.
                        

                            The BBB letter grade represents the BBB's opinion of how the business is likely to interact with its customers.
                            The BBB grade is based on BBB file information about the business.
                            In some cases, a business' grade may be lowered if the BBB does not have sufficient
                            information about the business despite BBB's requests for that information from the business.
                        

                            The BBB Customer Review Rating plus the BBB Rating is not a guarantee of a business'
                            reliability or performance. BBB recommends that consumers consider a business'
                            BBB Rating and Customer Review Rating in addition to all other available information
                            about the business.
                        









        Request a Quote
    






Share your experience


              Submit a Review
          

            Submit a Complaint
        











Share




Print






































































×
Claim Your Business


                By claiming your Business Profile, businesses can add custom text or descriptive information about their services, insert company logos, and add photographs for consumers to view.
            

Close










×
AccreditedQuestionModal title


                content
            

Close










×
Customer Rating Modal title


                content
            

Close










×
Score Modal title


                content
            

Close











×
Find a Location







Filter







Close




 






























 








