










 













 













 





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
























SLM Student Loan Trust 2014-1 in Reston, VA - (703) 810-3000





























 

Enter company name












Home


Favorites


Lists


Employers by Major


Employ Veterans


Locations


Blog


Sign In





















                            The Most Advanced Company Information Database
                        





















 








Enter company name



Op. city,state,zip,county














 






Companies

 




Lists






 








Enter company name



Op. city,state,zip,county














 






Companies

 




Industries

 
 




Lists















Home

 




My Favorites
My Favorites





Lists





List Builder





Employers by Major





Employ Veterans





Locations





Industries





Blogs







X
You must be a subscriber!


This feature is available to paying subscribers only. 

Click here to learn about our subscription plans.
            



















SLM Student Loan Trust 2014-1

























Action 


Add to List
Add to Favorites
Share
































        Contact Information
    




SLM Student Loan Trust 2014-1



12061 Bluemont Way
Reston, VA 20190






Contact:



Title:



Phone:


                        703-810-3000
                    



Website:







There are 

15
                Companies located at 12061 Bluemont Way, Reston, VA 20190
            












 














            Map
        





View larger map









            Business Description
        



SLM Student Loan Trust 2014-1 is located in Reston, Virginia. This organization primarily operates in the Trusts, nec business / industry within the Holding and Other Investment Offices sector. This organization has been operating for approximately 3 years. SLM Student Loan Trust 2014-1 is estimated to generate $73,000 in annual revenues, and employs approximately 2 people at this single location.









Sector:

Holding and Other Investment Offices



Category:

Trusts, nec



Industry:

Trusts, nec




SIC Code:

6733











Name:
SLM Student Loan Trust 2014-1


Year Founded:


2014






Location Type:
Single


Revenue:

$ 73,000



Employees:

2



Facility Size:

N/A



* Revenue & Employees are estimates









Demographics for Zipcode 20190






Percentage Population



12,644
White
1,848
Hispanic
2,271
Black
2,447
Asian
173
Native American
26
Hawaiian
790
Other


72.1 %
White
10.5 %
Hispanic
13.0 %
Black
14.0 %
Asian
1.0 %
Native American
0.1 %
Hawaiian
4.5 %
Other













Population




Population 
17,529




Female52.0%9,120


Male48.0%8,409




Median Age

37.9




Female39.1


Male36.7






























Questions & Answers









How big is SLM Student Loan Trust 2014-1?





SLM Student Loan Trust 2014-1 is estimated to generate $73,000 in annual revenues, and employs approximately 2 people at this location.







Where is SLM Student Loan Trust 2014-1 located?





SLM Student Loan Trust 2014-1 is located at 12061 Bluemont Way, Reston, VA 20190.







What are the annual sales for SLM Student Loan Trust 2014-1?





SLM Student Loan Trust 2014-1 generates approximately $73,000 in annual sales.









How long has SLM Student Loan Trust 2014-1 been in business?





SLM Student Loan Trust 2014-1 has been in business for approximately 3 years.







How many people work at SLM Student Loan Trust 2014-1?





SLM Student Loan Trust 2014-1 has approximately 2 employees at this location.







Is there a key contact at SLM Student Loan Trust 2014-1?





You can contact SLM Student Loan Trust 2014-1 at (703) 810-3000







What is the phone number for SLM Student Loan Trust 2014-1?





The phone number for SLM Student Loan Trust 2014-1 is (703) 810-3000







Are there other companies located at 12061 Bluemont Way, Reston, VA?





There are 15 commercial tenants at 12061 Bluemont Way, Reston, VA.










 

































Generate 
More Revenue 
with 
Buzzfile 











Uncover and contact more high-value prospects in less time than with any other resource





Information on 18 million companies, 50 million contacts, 6 million buildings & 18,000 industries





Complete list of businesses in any building





Advanced search, filtering and list-building





































Nearby Resources









                        Restaurant
                    




                        Coffee
                    




                        Parking
                    






                        Hotel
                    




                        Taxi
                    




                        Pharmacy
                    






                        Bank
                    




                        Gas
                    




                        Grocery
                    


















Statistics for Zipcode 20190






Average House Value


                                $ 414,100
                            



Average Household Income


                                $ 92,830
                            



Number of Households

8,644



Persons per Household

2.00













Number of Businesses

2,592



Number of Employees

42,510



Land Area (square miles)

4.510



Water Area (square miles)

0.100



















×
Save as List






List Name





Classification

General Interest
Personal
Prospect
Trade / Industry




List Type

Companies
Places
Contacts




Description





Upload Image




X



Who can access this list?



Public - Everyone can view and edit (appears in search results)





Pre-approve members with following email domain(s):

Domains





Add







Remove





Can members edit this list?



                                    Yes
                                




                                    No
                                




                                        I will decide for each user / group
                                    



Username





Add








Remove












                                                Location
                                            







                                                    This list covers companies throughout the entire U.S.
                                                




                                                    This list covers a specific geographic area (you can select more than one state, city…)
                                                


City






County






State






Zipcode





Area Code





Add





Type
Criteria







Remove











                                                Sector, Category & Industry
                                            





                                                Control the types of companies that can be added to this list.
                                            

Sector

 



Category

 



Industry

 



SIC Code

 



Add





Type
Criteria







Remove



























Add to List






Add to Existing List












Create a new list



Cancel
Save
















×
Sign In




Not a member? Register Now 




Username





Password











                                        Remember me
                                    


Forgot Password?

















×
Subscriber Not Found




Not a subscriber? Contact Buzzfile Now.



                        We could not locate a subscriber with that email or username.
                        Try signing in with a different username or email, or Telecom support at [email protected] or 212-913-9151.
                    




Username





Password





















Remove Company Confirmation



I confirm that I, , with email address  am an owner, employee or representative, with authorization to approve the removal of the profile for:




I authorize Buzzfile to release my contact and other pertinent information to the necessary parties should this removal be contested.
I am requesting to remove this company profile.


Dear , 
Your request to remove the company profile has been denied for:




You are only permitted to claim ownership and remove one company profile. You have previously claimed ownership and removed the profile for:




You can contact us at [email protected] with any questions.



Cancel


















About Us


Partnerships


Terms of Use


Privacy Policy


Remove Company


Contact Us







 
 






















 
 




        Copyright © 2017 Buzzfile Media LLC. All Rights Reserved.
    

            45 Broadway, Ste 1420, New York, NY 10006
        












×
Error








Close










Alert






Close






























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















Slm Student Loan Trust 2014-1, Supplemental Indenture No. 1b Of 2016 - Addendum Or Modifications - Free Search.
















 


















                 You are here: Agreements   > Addendum or Modifications     > SLM STUDENT LOAN TRUST 2014-1, SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE NO. 1B OF 2016

 
Search Documents | Browse Documents











SITE SEARCH


AGREEMENTS / CONTRACTS






Document Title:



Entire Document:(optional)



Governing Law(optional)

AllAlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareFlorida
                            GeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMaryland
                            MassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevada
                            New HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahoma
                            OregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtah
                            VermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming 






Try our advanced search >>

CLAUSES
Search Contract Clauses >>
Browse Contract Clause Library>>

















Slm Student Loan Trust 2014-1, Supplemental Indenture No. 1b Of 2016
Addendum or Modifications



You are currently viewing:
 This Addendum or Modifications involves NAVIENT FUNDING, LLC | Deutsche Bank National Trust Company | Deutsche Bank Trust Company. RealDealDocs™ contains millions of easily searchable legal documents and clauses from top law firms. Search for free - click here.  
                  



Title: SLM STUDENT LOAN TRUST 2014-1, SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE NO. 1B OF 2016 Governing Law: New York      Date: 6/6/2016 









Preview

Edit & Save 

Related Documents 



50 of the Top 250 law firms use our Products every day













 

 
SLM STUDENT LOAN TRUST 2014-1,
SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE NO. 1B OF 2016
,

 


dated as of June 6, 2016,


to


 


INDENTURE dated as of January 28, 2014


 


among


 


SLM STUDENT LOAN TRUST 2014-1,
as Issuer,


 

DEUTSCHE BANK TRUST COMPANY AMERICAS,
not in its individual capacity but solely as the
Eligible Lender Trustee

 

and

 

DEUTSCHE BANK NATIONAL TRUST COMPANY,
not in its individual capacity but solely as the
Indenture Trustee


 







 



1







This SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE NO. 1B
OF 2016, dated as of June 6, 2016 (this “
Amendment ”), is to:



(1)             
the INDENTURE, dated as of January
28, 2014 (the “ Indenture ”), among SLM
Student Loan Trust 2014-1, as Issuer (the “
Issuer ”), Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas
(“ DBTCA ”), as eligible lender trustee
(the “ Eligible Lender Trustee ”), and
Deutsche Bank National Trust Company (“ DBNTC
”), as indenture trustee (the “ Indenture
Trustee ”).



W I T N E S S E T
H



WHEREAS, the Issuer desires to
amend the Indenture pursuant to Section 9.1(b) thereof to amend one
of the definitions contained therein;



WHEREAS, Section 9.1(b) of
the Indenture permits supplemental indentures to the Indenture
without the consent of the Noteholders for the purpose of adding
any provisions to, or changing in any manner or eliminating any of
the provisions of, the Indenture or of modifying in any manner the
rights of the Noteholders under the Indenture; provided that such
action shall not, as evidenced by an Opinion of Counsel, adversely
affect in any material respect the interests of any
Noteholder;



WHEREAS, Section 4.1 of the
Trust Agreement, dated as of January 28, 2014, among Navient
Funding, LLC (formerly known as SLM Funding LLC), as the Depositor
(the “ Depositor ”), the Eligible Lender
Trustee, DBNTC, not in its individual capacity but solely as the
successor Indenture Trustee and the Excess Distribution Certificate
Paying Agent and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Delaware, as Delaware
Trustee, permits the amendment of the Indenture by a supplemental
indenture with the prior consent of the Excess Distribution
Certificateholders in circumstances where the consent of any
Noteholder is required;



WHEREAS, the consents of the
outstanding Noteholders and Excess Distribution Certificateholders
identified on the executed consent attached hereto as Exhibit A
have been obtained; and



WHEREAS, the Opinions of Counsel
referred to in Sections 9.1(b) , 9.3 and 11.1
of the Indenture are being delivered simultaneously
herewith.



NOW, THEREFORE, the parties hereto
agree as follows:



SECTION 1.  Defined
Terms .



For purposes of this Amendment,
unless the context clearly requires otherwise, all capitalized
terms which are used but not otherwise defined herein shall have
the respective meanings assigned to such terms in Appendix A to the
Indenture, as hereby amended.



SECTION 2.  Amendment and
Modifications to the Indenture .



(a)             
Appendix A
to the Indenture is hereby amended
by deleting the definition of “Class B Maturity Date”
in its entirety and replacing it with the following:



2







 



“ Class B Maturity
Date ” means the June 2068 Distribution Date.



SECTION 3.  Additional
Amendments and Modifications to the Indenture .  Pursuant
to Section 9.6 of the Indenture, the Issuer has determined
that a new amended and restated note for the Class B Notes, in the
form attached hereto as Exhibit B, is required to conform to the
amendment set forth herein, and the Indenture Trustee is authorized
and directed to cancel the original Outstanding Class B Note and
authenticate and deliver the replacement notes in exchange for
Outstanding Class B Notes.



SECTION 4.  Effect of
Amendment .  On June 6, 2016 (the “ Effective
Date ”), the amendment and modifications to the
Indenture set forth herein shall be, and shall be deemed to be,
effective in accordance herewith and, in each case, the respective
rights, limitations, obligations, duties, liabilities and
immunities of the respective parties thereto and hereto shall
hereafter be determined, exercised and enforced subject in all
respects to such modifications and amendment, and all the terms and
conditions of this Amendment shall be deemed to be part of the
respective terms and conditions of the Indenture for any and all
purposes; provided, however, that prior to execution of this
Amendment on the Effective Date, none of the terms and provisions
of this Amendment shall be applicable to the Indenture. 
Except as modified and expressly amended by this Amendment, the
Indenture is in all respects ratified and confirmed, and all the
terms, provisions and conditions thereof shall be and remain in
full force and effect.



SECTION 5.  Governing
Law . THE TERMS OF THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN
ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, WITHOUT
REFERENCE TO ITS CONFLICT OF LAW PROVISIONS (OTHER THAN
§5-1401 OF THE NEW YORK GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW), AND THE
OBLIGATIONS, RIGHTS AND REMEDIES OF THE PARTIES HEREUNDER SHALL BE
DETERMINED IN ACCORDANCE WITH SUCH LAWS.



SECTION 6.  Waiver of Jury
Trial . EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES,
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL
RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR
RELATING TO THIS AMENDMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED
HEREBY.



SECTION 7.  Section
Headings .  The section headings herein are for
convenience of reference only, and shall not limit or otherwise
affect the meaning hereof.



SECTION 8.  Separate
Counterparts .  This Amendment may be executed by the
parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so
executed and delivered shall be an original, but all such
counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same
instrument.



SECTION 9.  Continuing
Effect . Except as expressly amended by this Amendment, the
Indenture shall remain in full force and effect in accordance with
its terms.



SECTION 10.  References to
Indenture . From and after the date set forth above, all
references to the Indenture in each applicable Underwriting
Agreement, Trust Agreement, Servicing Agreement, Subservicing
Agreement, Administration Agreement, Sub-Administration Agreement,
Sale Agreement, Purchase Agreement, Guarantee Agreements  , Depository Agreement, Custody
Agreement, any applicable Note or any other applicable document
executed



3







 



or delivered in connection therewith
shall be deemed a reference to the Indenture, as amended hereby,
unless the context expressly requires otherwise.



SECTION 11.  Severability
of Provisions . If any one or more of the covenants,
agreements, provisions or terms of this Amendment shall be for any
reason whatsoever held invalid, then such covenants, agreements,
provisions or terms shall be deemed severable from the remaining
covenants, agreements, provisions or terms of this Amendment, and
shall in no way affect the validity or enforceability of the other
provisions of this Amendment or of the applicable Notes or the
rights of the applicable Noteholders thereof.



SECTION 12.  Binding Nature
of Amendment; Assignment . This Amendment shall be binding upon
and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective
successors and permitted assigns and all current and future
Noteholders.



SECTION 13.  The Indenture
Trustee and the Eligible Lender Trustee.



(a)             
In executing this Amendment, each of
the Issuer, the Eligible Lender Trustee and the Indenture Trustee
shall have the respective rights, protections, privileges,
immunities and indemnities given to it under the Indenture. Neither
the Eligible Lender Trustee nor the Indenture Trustee makes any
representation or warranty as to the validity or sufficiency of
this Amendment, nor to the recitals contained herein.



(b)             
Notwithstanding anything contained
herein or in any other related document to the contrary, this
Amendment has been signed by Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas,
not in its individual capacity but solely as Eligible Lender
Trustee under the Trust Agreement relating to the Issuer and in no
event shall Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas in its individual
capacity or as Eligible Lender Trustee have any liability for the
representations, warranties, covenants, agreements or other
obligations of the Issuer hereunder or in any of the certificates,
notices or agreements delivered pursuant hereto as to all of which
recourse shall be had solely to the assets of the
Issuer.



(c)             
Notwithstanding anything contained
herein or in any other related document to the contrary, this
Amendment has been signed by Deutsche Bank National Trust Company,
not in its individual capacity but solely as Indenture Trustee
under the Indenture relating to the Issuer and in no event shall
Deutsche Bank National Trust Company in its individual capacity or
as Indenture Trustee have any liability for the representations,
warranties, covenants, agreements or other obligations of the
Issuer hereunder or in any of the certificates, notices or
agreements delivered pursuant hereto as to all of which recourse
shall be had solely to the assets of the Issuer.



SECTION 14.  Excess
Distribution Certificateholder Consent and Direction
.   Navient Funding, LLC hereby: (i) certifies that it
owns 100% of the Excess Distribution Certificate issued by the
Issuer; (ii) certifies that it consents to this Amendment in all
respects; and (iii) instructs and directs Deutsche Bank Trust
Company Americas, as Eligible Lender Trustee, to execute and
deliver this Amendment in the name of the Issuer.  In
addition, Navient Funding, LLC, as the sole Excess Distribution
Certificateholder of the Issuer, hereby irrevocably waives any
rights it may have under any Basic Document (as defined in the
Indenture) to receive prior notice of the substance of this
Amendment.



4







 



SECTION 15.  Issuer
Order .  Pursuant to Section 9.1(b) of the Indenture,
Navient Solutions, Inc. as Administrator of the Issuer and on
behalf of such Issuer, hereby directs and instructs Deutsche Bank
National Trust Company, as Indenture Trustee, to execute and
deliver this Amendment, and directs and instructs Deutsche Bank
Trust Company Americas, as Eligible Lender Trustee, to execute and
deliver this Amendment in the name of the Issuer.  The
Administrator hereby confirms that it has provided prior written
notice of this Amendment to the applicable Rating Agencies and any
other required Persons within the time frames required under the
Indenture and the Trust Agreement.  The parties hereto agree
that such notice shall be deemed to satisfy any provision requiring
notice of this Amendment to be sent by the Eligible Lender
Trustee.



 



[SIGNATURE PAGES FOLLOW]



5







IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have caused this Supplemental Indenture No. 1B of 2016 to be
duly executed and delivered by their respective duly authorized
officers as of the day and year first written above.



 



SLM STUDENT LOAN TRUST 2014-1, as
Issuer



By:             
Deutsche Bank Trust Company
Americas, not in its individual capacity but solely as Eligible
Lender Trustee



 



 



By: /s/ Michele H. Y.
Voon                                



Name:   Michele H.Y.
Voon
Title:     Vice President



 



By: /s/ Susan
Barstock                                     



Name:   Susan Barstock
Title:     Vice President



 



 



DEUTSCHE BANK NATIONAL TRUST
COMPANY, not in its individual capacity but solely as Indenture
Trustee




 



By: /s/ Michele H. Y.
Voon                                



Name:   Michele H.Y.
Voon
Title:     Vice President



 



By: /s/ Susan
Barstock                                     



Name:   Susan Barstock
Title:     Vice President


 



 



 



 



 



 



6







 


EXHIBIT A


 


Consent


 



Each of the undersigned parties
hereby consents, as of June 6, 2016, to the amendment of the
INDENTURE, dated as of January 28, 2014 (the “
Indenture ”), among SLM Student Loan Trust
2014-1, as Issuer (the “ Issuer ”),
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas (“ DBTCA
”), as eligible lender trustee (the “ Eligible
Lender Trustee ”), and Deutsche Bank National Trust
Company (“ DBNTC ”), as indenture trustee
(the “ Indenture Trustee ”), as amended
from time to time, in substantially the form attached hereto as
Annex A.



The Indenture is being amended to
amend one of the definitions contained therein.


Ratings
Considerations :  Each of the undersigned parties
understands that no assurance can be provided regarding the impact
that the adoption of the amendment will have on the ratings of the
Notes.  As required by the Indenture, the Issuer has provided
prior written notice of the terms of the amendment to each Rating
Agency currently rating the Notes. However, no Rating Agency
confirmation or affirmation of the ratings of the Notes has been
sought or given.  As a result, it is not certain what impact
the adoption of the amendment will have on a Rating Agency’s
decision to add the Notes to or remove the Notes from its negative
watch list for possible downgrade or to downgrade the current
ratings of the Notes.


 


Further, we have been advised that
it is possible that a Rating Agency may view the adoption of this
amendment as a restructuring of a distressed debt instrument. 
One potential result of this designation would be to cause a
ratings downgrade of the Notes (to reflect the distressed debt
element of their analysis) followed by an upgrade of the rating of
the Notes (to address the restructuring of the Notes).


 


U.S. Federal Income Tax
Considerations .  Each of the undersigned parties
understands that the adoption of the amendment may have adverse
U.S. federal income tax consequences to the Noteholders, and the
undersigned parties will rely on advice from their own tax advisors
on this matter.  The discussion below is general in nature and
does not address all of the tax consequences of the adoption of the
amendment that may be relevant to Noteholders.


 



Although we believe that the
adoption of the amendment will not adversely affect the tax
characterization of the Notes as indebtedness for U.S. federal
income tax purposes, certain adverse tax consequences could apply
to holders if the adoption of the amendment resulted in the Notes
being treated as equity for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
For a further discussion of  the adverse tax consequences to
Noteholders if the Notes were treated as equity for U.S. federal
income tax purposes, see “ U.S. Federal Income Tax
Consequences—Tax Consequences to Holders of Securities In
General—Treatment of the Notes as Indebtedness ” in
the Base Prospectus dated January 13, 2014 (the “ Base
Prospectus ”).



The deferral of the stated maturity
date pursuant to the amendment may be treated as a significant
modification of the Notes for U.S. federal income tax purposes
resulting in a deemed exchange.  If the amendment results in a
significant modification and a deemed exchange of “Old
Notes” for “New Notes,” U.S. Noteholders will
recognize gain or loss upon the deemed exchange unless the exchange
qualifies as a tax-free recapitalization.  Although the matter
is not



7







 



free from doubt, we intend to treat
the deemed exchange as such a recapitalization. If the deemed
exchange is a tax-free recapitalization, a noteholder’s tax
basis in the New Notes received pursuant to a deemed exchange
generally will equal the holder’s tax basis in the Old
Notes.



If the amendment results in a
significant modification, the issue price of the New Notes will
depend on whether the New Notes and the Old Notes are properly
characterized as “traded on an established market”
(hereinafter “publicly-traded”) within the meaning of
Treas. Reg. § 1.1273-2(f)(1).  We expect the New
Notes should not be characterized as publicly traded. We expect,
and the remainder of this discussion assumes, that the stated
interest on the New Notes will meet the requirements for
“adequate stated interest” under the Treasury
Regulations. Accordingly, if the New Notes are not characterized as
publicly traded, the issue price of the New Notes will be the
“stated principal amount” of the New Notes.



If the deemed exchange qualifies as
a recapitalization and a Noteholder’s initial tax basis in
the New Notes exceeds their stated principal amount, the holder
will be considered to have acquired the New Notes with amortizable
bond premium.  In addition, for any Noteholder that acquired
Old Notes with market discount, any gain recognized on the deemed
exchange will be treated as ordinary income to the extent of the
market discount accrued during its period of ownership, unless such
holder previously elected to include market discount in income as
it accrued for U.S. federal income tax purposes.  Assuming the
deemed exchange qualifies as a recapitalization, in a deemed
exchange of Old Notes with market discount for New Notes, the New
Notes will be treated as acquired with market discount if the issue
price of the New Notes exceeds the holder’s initial tax basis
for such New Notes by more than a de minimis amount, and any
accrued market discount with respect to the Old Notes generally
should carry over to such New Notes.  For a further discussion
of amortizable bond premium and market discount, see “
U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences—Tax Consequences to
Holders of Notes In General—Market Discount ” and
“ U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences—Tax
Consequences to Holders of Notes In General—Amortizable Bond
Premium ” in the Base Prospectus.



Noteholders are urged to consult
with their own tax advisors regarding the U.S. federal income tax
consequences of the adoption of the amendment.



NOTEHOLDERS ARE HEREBY NOTIFIED
THAT EXECUTED AND DELIVERED CONSENTS ARE IRREVOCABLE PRIOR TO THE
EXPIRATION OF THE CONSENT PERIOD (INCLUDING ANY ONE-TIME EXTENSION
THEREOF MADE AT THE SOLE DISCRETION OF THE
ADMINISTRATOR).



 



 [SIGNATURE PAGES
FOLLOW]



 



 



 



8







 



CONSENTED TO BY:



NAVIENT FUNDING, LLC, as Excess
Distribution Certificateholder



 



 



By: /s/ Mark D.
Rein                                  



    Name: 
Mark D. Rein



    Title:   
Vice President



 



 



 



 



 



 



9







 



CLASS B
NOTEHOLDERS



 



CONSENTED TO BY:



 



_____________________________________________,



as beneficial owner of
$___________________________



Original Principal Balance of
SLM




 








 












 















SLM Student Loan Trust 2014-1 Credit Rating - Moody's






















































Yes
No





























About Moody'sCareersRegulatory AffairsTerms of UseContact UsAbout Moody'sCompany OverviewInvestor RelationsMedia RelationsCorporate Social ResponsibilityAlumni













GO






































There are too many sessions currently in use on this account















Log In




Cancel


































Research & Ratings

OverviewRatings NewsRating MethodologiesRatings DisclosuresRatings PerformanceRegulatory AffairsCode of Professional ConductSector in DepthLook Up a RatingFind an AnalystInteractive ChartsMarket SegmentCorporatesFinancial InstitutionsStructured FinanceManaged InvestmentsInfrastructure & Project FinanceSovereign & SupranationalSub-SovereignU.S. Public FinanceRegionNorth AmericaLatin America & CaribbeanEurope, Middle East & AfricaAsia PacificResearch TypeIssuer ResearchIndustry / Sector ResearchMethodologyCapital Markets ResearchDefault & Ratings AnalyticsEconomic ResearchData ReportsPolitical / Economic GroupEmerging MarketsEuropean UnionAsia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC)Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN)Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS)EurozoneGulf Cooperation CouncilMercosurOrganisation for Economic Co-operation and Development  (OECD)Credit PolicyRating MethodologiesRequests for CommentThe Commercial GroupHow to Get RatedRatings DefinitionsRatings Policy & Approach



Products & Solutions

OverviewProducts Listing by A - ZMoody's AnalyticsMoody's Pricing & Valuations ToolsMoody's Advisory ServicesMoody's Economy.comMoody’s Training & CertificationSolutionsAsset and Liability Management SolutionsCredit Origination SolutionsCredit Risk SolutionsData SolutionsEconomic SolutionsInsurance SolutionsInvestment & Pensions SolutionsLearning Solutions and CertificationsPortfolio Management SolutionsRegulatory and Accounting SolutionsStructured Finance SolutionsAccess ProductsCredit Risk CalculatorCredit Transition ModelCredit TrendsCreditEdge®Default Recovery Database (DRD)Default Risk Service - StructuredFund MonitoringLossCalc™Market Implied Ratings (MIR®)Moody's Financial Metrics™Moody's Project Finance ScorecardMoody's Quantitative Ratings Estimator (QRATE)Municipal Financial Ratio AnalysisRatings InteractiveRiskCalc™



News & Events

OverviewRatings NewsEventsTraining EventsTopics





Log In
Register







            Log In 

            Please log in for full access to your permissions. Password is case sensitive.











                    User Name:





                    Password:









                Automatically log me in when I return





                Log In





                Forgot your Username or Password?




        Or Log In using:

























Please Note


We brought you to this page based on your search query. If this isn't what you are looking for, you can continue to Search Results for ""
















The maximum number of items you can export is 3,000.
  Please reduce your list by using the filtering tool to the left.









Close








































































Back to Previous Page



















Please Log In to access this content






Registered User


        Please log in for full access to your permissions. Password is case sensitive.








            User Name:





            Password:








            Automatically log me in when I return



            Log In





            Forgot your Username or Password?



        Or Log In using:
    







Not Registered Yet?

Register now to get FREE access to:
Issuer Ratings.
Ratings on over 170,000 corporate, government and structured finance securities.
Events Calendar.
Information about training seminars, briefings, and teleconferences.
Watchlists.
Listings of issuers under review for rating changes.
Rating Methodologies.
Descriptive frameworks underlying Moody's ratings.

 

Register Now

















SLM Student Loan Trust 2014-1

Moody's Org ID:723680273







Moody's Org ID:723680273

Market Segment:Structured Finance > ABS > Student Loans...>> > FFELP <<







Please Log In to view this content.



















                                    Research



                                    Ratings



                                    Related Parties







                            Go to Student Loan ABS Industry Page
                        









    Deal Research


    Industry Research


    Performance


    Related Parties Research


    Methodology






Results 
        1 - 11
Of 
        11


 
        Page 
        
        1
Of 
        1 
        






                Filter By:
            


Document Type - All
Announcement
New Issue Report
Pre-Sale Report
Rating Action
SEC Rule 17g-7 Report of R&Ws


Source - All
Moody's Investors Service







Date
    
    



Document Type
    



                        Title
                    

                        Source
                    




                    17 Feb 2017
                

                    Announcement
                













                                    Moody's: No ratings impact on SLM student loan trusts following amendment of the limited liability company operating agreement





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    16 Sep 2016
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's takes rating actions on 31 Navient FFELP securitizations





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    14 Jun 2016
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's announces rating actions on student loan ABS backed by FFELP student loans following the update of its rating methodology





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    15 Jan 2015
                

                    Announcement
                













                                    Moody's: No rating impact on Navient FFELP student loan deals following merger of seller entities





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    05 May 2014
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's affirms ratings of 475 classes of notes issued in Sallie Mae's FFELP and private student loan securitizations





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    29 Jan 2014
                

                    New Issue Report
                













                                    SLM Student Loan Trust 2014-1





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    28 Jan 2014
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's assigns definitive ratings to SLM Student Loan Trust 2014-1





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    28 Jan 2014
                

                    SEC Rule 17g-7 Report of R&Ws
                













                                    SLM Student Loan Trust 2014-1 v 1.1 Compared To Student Loans Benchmark v 1.0





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    13 Jan 2014
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's assigns provisional ratings to SLM Student Loan Trust 2014-1





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    13 Jan 2014
                

                    Pre-Sale Report
                













                                    SLM Student Loan Trust 2014-1





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    13 Jan 2014
                

                    SEC Rule 17g-7 Report of R&Ws
                













                                    SLM Student Loan Trust 2014-1 Deal v1.0 Compared To Student Loans v1.0





                    Moody's Investors Service
                





Results 
        1 - 11
Of 
        11


 
        Page 
        
        1
Of 
        1 
        
















                6The rating history for this credit rating accurately reflects the current status of the (sf) indicator but, due to technical limitations, does not accurately reflect the (sf) indicator history. Please visit the Research tab to view the press release(s) announcing when the (sf) indicator was added or removed.


For credit ratings that are derived exclusively from an existing credit rating of a program, series, category/class of debt, support provider or primary rated entity, or that replace a previously assigned provisional rating at the same rating level, Moody’s publishes a rating announcement on that series, category/class of debt or program as a whole, on the support provider or primary rated entity, or on the provisional rating, but often does not publish a specific rating announcement on each subsequent bond or note for which the credit rating is derived from the existing credit rating. Rating announcements are usually press releases classified as Rating Actions on www.moodys.com. Please refer to the Research tab on the issuer/entity page for the rating announcement.
















Moody's Integrity Hotline
EU

001-800-506-1440
Japan

KDDI: 00-539-111 then 888-320-1668
NTT: 0034-811-001 then 888-320-1668
Outside of the EU and Japan

1-866-330-MDYS (6397)



Browse By
HomeResearch & RatingsProducts & SolutionsNews & EventsCareers


Contact Us
Help & SupportContact UsSubmit a Complaint


Terms & Conditions
Terms of UsePrivacy PolicyProprietary Rights





            © 2017 Moody's Investors Service, Inc., Moody’s Analytics, Inc. and/or their affiliates and licensors. All rights reserved.
        

           Regional Sites:
            
GlobalArgentinaAsiaAustraliaBoliviaBrazilCanadaCEEChinaCzech RepublicCISEMEAFranceGermanyIndonesiaIndiaItalyJapanKoreaMexicoMiddle EastPolandSouth AfricaSpainTurkeyTaiwanUruguay





























































































	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started











































Addendum Or Modifications Agreement, Addendum Or Modifications Contracts - Legal Documents (page 1 Of 239)

















 


















                 You are here: Agreements   > Addendum or Modifications    

 
Search Documents | Browse Documents













SITE SEARCH


AGREEMENTS / CONTRACTS






Document Title:



Entire Document:(optional)



Governing Law(optional)

AllAlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareFlorida
                            GeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMaryland
                            MassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevada
                            New HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahoma
                            OregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtah
                            VermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming 






Try our advanced search >>

CLAUSES
Search Contract Clauses >>
Browse Contract Clause Library>>








Addendum or Modifications 





	These Addendum or Modifications are actual legal documents drafted by top law firms for their clients. Use them for competitive intelligence, drafting documents or to get information about transactions within a particular industry or sector. We have millions of legal documents and clauses that you can search for free.	



1) HOSPITALITY INVESTORS TRUST, INC. ARTICLES SUPPLEMENTARY REDEEMABLE PREFERRED SHAREParties: HOSPITALITY INVESTORS TRUST, INC. | HOSPITALITY INVESTORS TRUST, INC 
								
								Document Date: 3/31/2017

2) THIRD SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE Dated as of March 31, 2017 $1,200,000,000 of 3.300% Senior Notes due 2027 and $1,000,000,000 of 4.350% Senior Notes due 2047Parties: APPLIED MATERIALS INC /DE | APPLIED MATERIALS, INC | US Bank National Association 
								
								Document Date: 3/31/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
3) SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE NO. 16Parties: OKLAHOMA GAS  ELECTRIC CO | CEDE  CO | OKLAHOMA GAS AND ELECTRIC COMPANY | UMB BANK, NA 
								
								Document Date: 3/31/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Oklahoma
4) SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE NO. 4Parties: WEST CORP | Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. | CANADA, INC | ClientTell, Inc, ClientTell Lab, LLC | NORTHERN CONTACT, INC | Reliance Intermediate, Inc, Reliance Holding, Inc, Reliance Communications, LLC, Health Advocate, Inc, WellCall, Inc, Human Management Services, Inc, Corporate Care Works, Inc, Rx Advocate, Inc | TWENTY FIRST CENTURY COMMUNICATIONS | VIRGINIA INC | West Claims Recovery Services, LLC, West Revenue Generation Services, LLC, Cobalt Acquisition Company, LLC | WEST COMMAND SYSTEMS, INC | West Corporation | WEST FACILITIES, LLC | WEST INTERACTIVE CORPORATION | WEST INTERACTIVE SERVICES CORPORATION | WEST IP COMMUNICATIONS, INC | West Receivable Services, Inc | WEST SAFETY COMMUNICATIONS | WEST SAFETY SERVICES, INC | WEST SAFETY SOLUTIONS CORP | WEST TELECOM SERVICES HOLDINGS, LLC | WEST UNIFIED COMMUNICATIONS SERVICES, INC 
								
								Document Date: 3/31/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
5) EXHIBIT 99.1Parties: NET 1 UEPS TECHNOLOGIES INC | Cash Paymaster Services (Pty) Ltd | Net 1 UEPS Technologies, Inc 
								
								Document Date: 3/31/2017

6) THE PNC FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC. REVISED SUPPLEMENTAL QUARTERLY SEGMENT INFORMATION ? 2016 QUARTERLY INFORMATION (Unaudited)Parties: PNC FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC. | PNC FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC 
								
								Document Date: 3/31/2017

7) 2017-A EXCHANGE NOTE SUPPLEMENTParties: FORD CREDIT AUTO LEASE TRUST 2017-A | Borrowers, US BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION | CAB EAST LLC | CAB WEST LLC | FORD MOTOR CREDIT COMPANY LLC | HTD LEASING LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/30/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
8) SECOND SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE by and amongParties: GREAT ELM CAPITAL CORP. | FULL CIRCLE CAPITAL CORPORATION | GREAT ELM CAPITAL CORP | US Bank National Association 
								
								Document Date: 3/30/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
9) 2.00% SENIOR NOTES DUE 2017 FIRST SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTUREParties: TECHNIPFMC PLC | US Bank National Association 
								
								Document Date: 3/30/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
10) SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE NO. 1 Dated as of March 30, 2017 4.00% Convertible Subordinated Debentures due 2031Parties: MENTOR GRAPHICS CORP | Meadowlark Subsidiary Corporation | Mentor Graphics Corporation | Siemens Industry, Inc | Wilmington Trust Company 
								
								Document Date: 3/30/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
11) FIRST SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTUREParties: KKR FINANCIAL HOLDINGS LLC | BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, N.A. 
								
								Document Date: 3/30/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
12) THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED BASERIES INDENTURE SUPPLEMENTParties: BA CREDIT CARD TRUST | BA CREDIT CARD FUNDING, LLC | BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON 
								
								Document Date: 3/30/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
13) 3.45% SENIOR NOTES DUE 2022 SECOND SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTUREParties: TECHNIPFMC PLC | US Bank National Association 
								
								Document Date: 3/30/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
14) EIGHTH BUSINESS FINANCING MODIFICATION AGREEMENTParties: INUVO, INC. | ALOT, INC | BABYTOBEE, LLC | INUVO, INC | KOWABUNGA MARKETING, INC | NETSEER ACQUISITION, INC | NETSEER, INC | VERTRO, INC | WESTERN ALLIANCE BANK 
								
								Document Date: 3/30/2017

15) Fourth Supplemental IndentureParties: STARWOOD PROPERTY TRUST, INC. | Bank of New York Mellon | Starwood Property Trust, Inc 
								
								Document Date: 3/29/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
16) Third Supplemental Indenture Dated as of March 29, 2017Parties: EDISON INTERNATIONAL | BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, N.A. | CEDE  CO | DEPOSITARY TRUST COMPANY 
								
								Document Date: 3/29/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
17) FOURTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE by and among Ventas Realty, Limited Partnership, as Issuer, Ventas, Inc., as Guarantor and U.S. Bank National Association, as TrusteeParties: VENTAS INC | CEDE  CO | US Bank National Association | Ventas Realty, Limited Partnership | Ventas, Inc 
								
								Document Date: 3/29/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
18) FIRST SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTUREParties: MICRON TECHNOLOGY INC | MICRON TECHNOLOGY, INC | US BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 
								
								Document Date: 3/28/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
19) FIRST SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE DATED AS OF MARCH 28, 2017 TO INDENTURE DATED AS OF MARCH 28, 2017 Relating to $1,000,000,000 1.700% Senior Notes due 2019 $850,000,000 3.350% Senior Notes due 2027Parties: MEDTRONIC PLC | CEDE  CO | GLOBAL SECURITY SHALL BE LIMITED | MEDTRONIC PUBLIC LIMITED COMPANY | MEDTRONIC, INC | Wells Fargo Bank, National Association 
								
								Document Date: 3/28/2017

20) FIRST SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTUREParties: GENPACT LTD | Genpact Limited | Wells Fargo Bank, National Association 
								
								Document Date: 3/28/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
21) FIRST SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTUREParties: MICRON TECHNOLOGY INC | MICRON TECHNOLOGY, INC | US BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 
								
								Document Date: 3/28/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
22) Q1 17 Earnings Supplemental Financials March 28, 2017Parties: IHS MARKIT LTD. | Important Information IHS Inc | Markit Ltd 
								
								Document Date: 3/28/2017

23) THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED BASERIES INDENTURE SUPPLEMENTParties: BA CREDIT CARD TRUST | BA CREDIT CARD FUNDING, LLC | BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON 
								
								Document Date: 3/27/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
24) FIRST SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE Dated as of March 27, 2017Parties: DXC TECHNOLOGY CO | CEDE  CO | Computer Sciences Corporation | EVERETT SPINCO, INC | Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company | HPE, New Everett Merger Sub Inc | US BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 
								
								Document Date: 3/27/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
25) THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED BASERIES INDENTURE SUPPLEMENTParties: BA CREDIT CARD FUNDING, LLC | BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON 
								
								Document Date: 3/27/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
26) Synergy Pharmaceuticals Submits Supplemental New Drug Application (sNDA) for TRULANCE? (Plecanatide) for the Treatment of Adults with Irritable Bowel Syndrome with Constipation (IBS-C)Parties: SYNERGY PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. | Synergy Pharmaceuticals Inc 
								
								Document Date: 3/27/2017

27) FIRST SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE dated as of March 24, 2017 to the Indenture dated as of March 24, 2017Parties: INVESTAR HOLDING CORP | CEDE  CO | FEDERAL DEPOSIT INSURANCE CORPORATION | Investar Holding Corporation | SUCH LIMITED | Wilmington Trust, National Association 
								
								Document Date: 3/24/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
28) EIGHTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE Dated as of March 24, 2017 5.875% Senior Notes due 2022Parties: ENPRO INDUSTRIES, INC | APPLIED SURFACE TECHNOLOGY, INC | BELFAB, INC | COLTEC INTERNATIONAL SERVICES CO | COMPRESSOR PRODUCTS INTERNATIONAL LLC | ENPRO ASSOCIATES, LLC | ENPRO HOLDINGS, INC | FAIRBANKS MORSE, LLC | GARLOCK HYGIENIC TECHNOLOGIES, LLC | GARLOCK PIPELINE TECHNOLOGIES, INC | GGB LLC | GGB, INC | STEMCO KAISER INCORPORATED | STEMCO PRODUCTS, INC | TECHNETICS GROUP DAYTONA, INC | TECHNETICS GROUP LLC | TECHNETICS GROUP OXFORD, INC | US BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 
								
								Document Date: 3/24/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
29) SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTUREParties: SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA EDISON CO | Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. | Bank of New York Trust Company, N.A. | Harris Trust and Savings Bank | Pacific-Southwest Trust  Savings Bank | Security First National Bank and Security-First National Bank of Los Angeles | Security Pacific National Bank | Southern California Edison Company | Wells Fargo Bank, National Association 
								
								Document Date: 3/24/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:California
30) SECOND SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTUREParties: NEWSTAR FINANCIAL, INC. | NEWSTAR COMMERCIAL LOAN DEPOSITOR 2013-1 LLC | NEWSTAR COMMERCIAL LOAN FUNDING 2017-1 LLC | NewStar Financial, Inc | US Bank National Association 
								Law Firm: Pepper Hamilton;Dechert;Nixon Peabody
								Document Date: 3/23/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
31) [Insert the Global Notes Legend, if applicable]Parties: AMERICAN AXLE  MANUFACTURING HOLDINGS INC | AAM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS, INC | ACCUGEAR, INC | ALPHA SPV I, INC | AMERICAN AXLE  MANUFACTURING HOLDINGS, INC | AMERICAN AXLE  MANUFACTURING, INC | AUBURN HILLS MANUFACTURING, INC F/K/A DIETRONIK, INC | CEDE  Co | COLFOR MANUFACTURING, INC | MSP INDUSTRIES CORPORATION | OXFORD FORGE, INC 
								
								Document Date: 3/23/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
32) [Insert the Global Notes Legend, if applicable]Parties: AMERICAN AXLE  MANUFACTURING HOLDINGS INC | AAM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS, INC | ACCUGEAR, INC | ALPHA SPV I, INC | AMERICAN AXLE  MANUFACTURING HOLDINGS, INC | AMERICAN AXLE  MANUFACTURING, INC | AUBURN HILLS MANUFACTURING, INC F/K/A DIETRONIK, INC | CEDE  Co | COLFOR MANUFACTURING, INC | MSP INDUSTRIES CORPORATION | OXFORD FORGE, INC 
								
								Document Date: 3/23/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
33) 2017-A EXCHANGE NOTE SUPPLEMENTParties: FORD CREDIT AUTO LEASE TWO LLC | Borrowers, US BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION | CAB EAST LLC | CAB WEST LLC | FORD MOTOR CREDIT COMPANY LLC | HTD LEASING LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/23/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
34) AK Steel Corporation as the Company AK Steel Holding Corporation as the Parent Guarantor AK Tube LLC, AK Steel Properties, Inc. and Mountain State Carbon, LLC, As Subsidiary Guarantors and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee Seventh Supplemental Indenture Dated as of March 23, 2017Parties: AK STEEL HOLDING CORP | AK Steel Corporation | AK Steel Holding Corporation | AK Tube LLC, AK Steel Properties, Inc | CEDE  CO | Mountain State Carbon, LLC | Parent Guarantor, AK Tube LLC | US Bank National Association 
								
								Document Date: 3/23/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
35) FIRST SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTUREParties: AMERICAN AXLE  MANUFACTURING HOLDINGS INC | AAM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS, INC | ACCUGEAR, INC | Alpha SPV I, Inc | American Axle  Manufacturing Holdings, Inc | American Axle  Manufacturing, Inc | AUBURN HILLS MANUFACTURING, INC F/K/A DIETRONIK, INC | COLFOR MANUFACTURING, INC | MSP INDUSTRIES CORPORATION | OXFORD FORGE, INC | US Bank National Association 
								
								Document Date: 3/23/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
36) SLM STUDENT LOAN TRUST 2012-3 SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE NO. 1A OF 2017, dated as of March 23, 2017, to INDENTURE dated as of May 3, 2012 amongParties: NAVIENT FUNDING, LLC | Cede  Co | Deutsche Bank National Trust Company | Deutsche Bank Trust Company 
								
								Document Date: 3/23/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
37) BLACKSTONE REAL ESTATE INCOME TRUST, INC. ARTICLES SUPPLEMENTARYParties: BLACKSTONE REAL ESTATE INCOME TRUST, INC. | Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust, Inc 
								
								Document Date: 3/22/2017

38) THIRD SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTUREParties: ELDORADO RESORTS, INC. | CCR NEWCO LLC | CC-Reno LLC | CIRCUS AND ELDORADO JOINT VENTURE, LLC | ELDORADO CASINO SHREVEPORT JOINT VENTURE | ELDORADO HOLDCO LLC | ELDORADO RESORTS LLC | Eldorado Resorts, Inc | Eldorado Shreveport #1, LLC | ELDORADO SHREVEPORT #2, LLC | MOUNTAINEER PARK, INC | MTR GAMING GROUP, INC | PRESQUE ISLE DOWNS, INC | SCIOTO DOWNS, INC | US Bank National Association 
								
								Document Date: 3/22/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
39) TESLA, INC. AND U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Trustee Fourth Supplemental Indenture Dated as of March 22, 2017 to Indenture Dated as of May 22, 2013 2.375% Convertible Senior Notes due 2022Parties: TESLA, INC. | Tesla Motors, Inc | Tesla, Inc | US Bank National Association 
								
								Document Date: 3/22/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
40) FIRST SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTUREParties: GASTAR EXPLORATION INC. | Gastar Exploration Inc | Northwest Property Ventures LLC | Wilmington Trust, National Association 
								
								Document Date: 3/22/2017

41) HANMI FINANCIAL CORPORATION FIRST SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE dated as of March 21, 2017 to the Subordinated Indenture dated as of March 21, 2017 5.45% Fixed-to-Floating Rate Subordinated Notes due 2027 Wilmington Trust, National Association, as TrusteeParties: HANMI FINANCIAL CORP | CEDE  CO | FEDERAL DEPOSIT INSURANCE CORPORATION | GLOBAL SECURITY SHALL BE LIMITED | HANMI FINANCIAL CORPORATION | Wilmington Trust, National Association 
								
								Document Date: 3/21/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
42) TENTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE Dated as of March 21, 2017Parties: WYNDHAM WORLDWIDE CORP | CEDE  CO | GLOBAL SECURITY SHALL BE LIMITED | US Bank National Association | Wyndham Worldwide Corporation 
								
								Document Date: 3/21/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
43) FIRST SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTUREParties: HOWARD HUGHES CORP | HOWARD HUGHES CORPORATION | Wells Fargo Bank, National Association 
								
								Document Date: 3/21/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
44) FIFTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE Dated as of March 20, 2017Parties: AIRCASTLE LTD | AIRCASTLE LIMITED | WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 
								
								Document Date: 3/20/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
45) THIRD SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTUREParties: HOST HOTELS  RESORTS, INC. | BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON | HOST HOTELS  RESORTS, INC | HOST HOTELS  RESORTS, LP 
								
								Document Date: 3/20/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
46) 2017 IHS Markit. All Rights Reserved.© 2017 IHS Markit. All Rights Reserved. IHS Markit Supplemental Information to the Proxy Statement March 2017 © 2017 IHS Markit. All Rights Reserved. Forward-looking statements This presentation contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the feParties: IHS MARKIT LTD. | Important Information IHS Inc | Markit Ltd 
								
								Document Date: 3/20/2017

47) HARMONY MERGER CORP. ANNOUNCES FILING OF PROXY SUPPLEMENTParties: HARMONY MERGER CORP. | HARMONY MERGER CORP | NextDecade, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/20/2017

48) EMERGENT CAPITAL, INC. and U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Trustee First Supplemental Indenture Dated as of March 13, 2017 to Indenture Dated as of February 21, 2014Parties: EMERGENT CAPITAL, INC. | CEDE  CO | EMERGENT CAPITAL, INC | Imperial Holdings, Inc | US BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 
								
								Document Date: 3/17/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
49) EMERGENT CAPITAL, INC. as Issuer and WILMINGTON TRUST, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Indenture Trustee First Supplemental Indenture Dated as of ______________, 2017 to Indenture Dated as of March 11, 2016Parties: EMERGENT CAPITAL, INC. | EMERGENT CAPITAL, INC | WILMINGTON TRUST, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 
								
								Document Date: 3/17/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
50) SIXTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE Dated as of March 17, 2017 to INDENTURE Dated as of July 18, 2014Parties: NAVIENT CORP | Bank of New York Mellon | CEDE  CO | NAVIENT CORPORATION 
								
								Document Date: 3/17/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
 




Browse by StateGo directly to a specific page of results:123456789101112131415161718192021222324252627282930313233343536373839404142434445464748495051525354555657585960616263646566676869707172737475767778798081828384858687888990919293949596979899100101102103104105106107108109110111112113114115116117118119120121122123124125126127128129130131132133134135136137138139140141142143144145146147148149150151152153154155156157158159160161162163164165166167168169170171172173174175176177178179180181182183184185186187188189190191192193194195196197198199200201202203204205206207208209210211212213214215216217218219220221222223224225226227228229230231232233234235236237238239240241 
 
 

 












