










 





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















Slm Student Loan Trust 2012-3 Supplemental Indenture No. 1a Of 2017, Dated As Of March 23, 2017, To Indenture Dated As Of May 3, 2012 Among - Addendum Or Modifications - Free Search.
















 


















                 You are here: Agreements   > Addendum or Modifications     > SLM STUDENT LOAN TRUST 2012-3 SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE NO. 1A OF 2017, dated as of March 23, 2017, to INDENTURE dated as of May 3, 2012 among

 
Search Documents | Browse Documents











SITE SEARCH


AGREEMENTS / CONTRACTS






Document Title:



Entire Document:(optional)



Governing Law(optional)

AllAlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareFlorida
                            GeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMaryland
                            MassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevada
                            New HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahoma
                            OregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtah
                            VermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming 






Try our advanced search >>

CLAUSES
Search Contract Clauses >>
Browse Contract Clause Library>>

















Slm Student Loan Trust 2012-3 Supplemental Indenture No. 1a Of 2017, Dated As Of March 23, 2017, To Indenture Dated As Of May 3, 2012 Among
Addendum or Modifications



You are currently viewing:
 This Addendum or Modifications involves NAVIENT FUNDING, LLC | Cede  Co | Deutsche Bank National Trust Company | Deutsche Bank Trust Company. RealDealDocs™ contains millions of easily searchable legal documents and clauses from top law firms. Search for free - click here.  
                  



Title: SLM STUDENT LOAN TRUST 2012-3 SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE NO. 1A OF 2017, dated as of March 23, 2017, to INDENTURE dated as of May 3, 2012 among Governing Law: New York      Date: 3/23/2017 









Preview

Edit & Save 

Related Documents 



50 of the Top 250 law firms use our Products every day










Exhibit 99.1

 




 


SLM STUDENT LOAN TRUST 2012‑3

SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE NO. 1A OF 2017,
dated as of March 23, 2017,


to


INDENTURE 
dated as of May 3, 2012


among


SLM STUDENT LOAN TRUST 2012-3,
as Issuer,


DEUTSCHE BANK TRUST COMPANY AMERICAS
not in its individual capacity but
solely as the successor Eligible Lender Trustee 


 


 


and


 


DEUTSCHE BANK NATIONAL TRUST COMPANY
not in its individual capacity but
solely as the Indenture Trustee




 




 



 



 


 









 



This SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE
NO. 1A OF 2017, dated as of March 23, 2017 (this “
Amendment ”), is to:



(1)    the INDENTURE, dated as of May 3, 2012 (the
“ Indenture ”), among SLM Student Loan
Trust 2012-3, as Issuer (the “ Issuer ”),
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as successor eligible lender
trustee (the “ Eligible Lender Trustee
”), and Deutsche Bank National Trust Company, as indenture
trustee (the “ Indenture Trustee
”).



WITNESSETH



WHEREAS, the Issuer desires to amend
the Indenture to amend a definition contained therein;



WHEREAS, Section 9.2 of
the Indenture permits supplemental indentures to the Indenture with
the consent of the Noteholders of at least a majority of the
Outstanding Amount of all of the Notes for the purpose of adding
any provisions to, or changing in any manner or eliminating any of
the provisions of, the Indenture or of modifying in any manner the
rights of the Noteholders under the Indenture; provided that the
consent of each affected Noteholder is required to, among other
things, extend the maturity date of a class of notes;



WHEREAS, Section 4.1 of
the Amended and Restated Trust Agreement, dated as of May 3, 2012,
among Navient Funding, LLC (formerly known as SLM Funding LLC), as
the Depositor (the “ Depositor ”), the
Eligible Lender Trustee, Deutsche Bank National Trust Company, not
in its individual capacity but solely as Indenture Trustee, acting
as the Excess Distribution Certificate Paying Agent and Excess
Distribution Certificate Registrar, Deutsche Bank Trust Company
Delaware, not in its individual capacity but solely as Delaware
Trustee, permits the amendment of the Indenture by a supplemental
indenture with the prior consent of the Excess Distribution
Certificateholder in circumstances where the consent of any
Noteholder is required;



WHEREAS, the consents of outstanding
Noteholders and Excess Distribution Certificateholder identified on
the executed consent attached hereto as Exhibit A have been
obtained; and



WHEREAS, the Opinions of Counsel
referred to in Sections 9.3 and 11.1 of the Indenture
are being delivered simultaneously herewith.



NOW, THEREFORE, the parties hereto
agree as follows:



SECTION 1.    Defined Terms .



For purposes of this Amendment,
unless the context clearly requires otherwise, all capitalized
terms which are used but not otherwise defined herein shall have
the respective meanings assigned to such terms in
Appendix A to the Indenture, as hereby
amended.









 



SECTION 2.    Amendment and Modifications to the
Indenture .



(a)    Appendix A to the Indenture is hereby amended by deleting
the definition of “Class A Maturity Date” in its
entirety and replacing it with the following:



“ Class A Maturity
Date ” means the December 2038 Distribution
Date.



SECTION 3.    Additional Amendments and Modifications to the
Indenture . 
Pursuant to Section 9.6 of the Indenture, the Issuer
has determined that a new amended and restated note for the
Class A Notes, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B,
is required to conform to the amendment set forth herein, and the
Indenture Trustee is authorized and directed to cancel the original
Outstanding Class A Notes and authenticate and deliver the
replacement notes in exchange for Outstanding Class A
Notes.



SECTION 4.    Effect of Amendment .  On March 23, 2017 (the “
Effective Date ”), the amendments and
modifications to the Indenture set forth herein shall be, and shall
be deemed to be, effective in accordance herewith and, in each
case, the respective rights, limitations, obligations, duties,
liabilities and immunities of the respective parties thereto and
hereto shall hereafter be determined, exercised and enforced
subject in all respects to such modifications and amendment, and
all the terms and conditions of this Amendment shall be deemed to
be part of the respective terms and conditions of the Indenture for
any and all purposes; provided , however , that prior
to execution of this Amendment on the Effective Date, none of the
terms and provisions of this Amendment shall be applicable to the
Indenture.  Except as modified and expressly amended by this
Amendment, the Indenture is in all respects ratified and confirmed,
and all the terms, provisions and conditions thereof shall be and
remain in full force and effect.



SECTION 5.    Governing Law .  THE TERMS OF THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE
CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF
NEW YORK, WITHOUT REFERENCE TO ITS CONFLICT OF LAW PROVISIONS
(OTHER THAN §5‑1401 OF THE NEW YORK GENERAL
OBLIGATIONS LAW), AND THE OBLIGATIONS, RIGHTS AND REMEDIES OF THE
PARTIES HEREUNDER SHALL BE DETERMINED IN ACCORDANCE WITH SUCH
LAWS.



SECTION 6.    Waiver of Jury Trial .  EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY
IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE
LAW, ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING
ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AMENDMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS
CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.



SECTION 7.    Section Headings .  The section headings herein are for
convenience of reference only, and shall not limit or otherwise
affect the meaning hereof.



SECTION 8.    Separate Counterparts .  This Amendment may be executed by the
parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so
executed and delivered shall be an original, but all such
counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same
instrument.



2







 



SECTION 9.    Continuing Effect .  Except as expressly amended by this
Amendment, the Indenture shall remain in full force and effect in
accordance with its terms.



SECTION 10.    References to Indenture .  From and after the date set forth above,
all references to the Indenture in each applicable Underwriting
Agreement, Trust Agreement, Servicing Agreement, Subservicing
Agreement, Administration Agreement, Sale Agreement, Purchase
Agreement, Guarantee Agreements, Depository Agreement, Custody
Agreement, any applicable Note or any other applicable document
executed or delivered in connection therewith shall be deemed a
reference to the Indenture, as amended hereby, unless the context
expressly requires otherwise.



SECTION 11.    Severability of Provisions
.  If any one or more of the
covenants, agreements, provisions or terms of this Amendment shall
be for any reason whatsoever held invalid, then such covenants,
agreements, provisions or terms shall be deemed severable from the
remaining covenants, agreements, provisions or terms of this
Amendment, and shall in no way affect the validity or
enforceability of the other provisions of this Amendment or of the
applicable Notes or the rights of the applicable Noteholders
thereof.



SECTION 12.    Binding Nature of Amendment;
Assignment .  This
Amendment shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the
parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted
assigns and all current and future Noteholders.



SECTION 13.    The Indenture Trustee and the Eligible Lender
Trustee .



(a)    In executing this Amendment, each of the Issuer,
the Eligible Lender Trustee and the Indenture Trustee shall have
the respective rights, protections, privileges, immunities and
indemnities given to it under the Indenture.  Neither the
Eligible Lender Trustee nor the Indenture Trustee makes any
representation or warranty as to the validity or sufficiency of
this Amendment, nor to the recitals contained herein.



(b)    Notwithstanding anything contained herein or in
any other related document to the contrary, this Amendment has been
signed by Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, not in its
individual capacity but solely as successor Eligible Lender Trustee
under the Amended and Restated Trust Agreement relating to the
Issuer and in no event shall Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas,
in its individual capacity or as successor Eligible Lender Trustee
have any liability for the representations, warranties, covenants,
agreements or other obligations of the Issuer hereunder or in any
of the certificates, notices or agreements delivered pursuant
hereto as to all of which recourse shall be had solely to the
assets of the Issuer.



(c)    Notwithstanding anything contained herein or in
any other related document to the contrary, this Amendment has been
signed by Deutsche Bank National Trust Company, not in its
individual capacity but solely as Indenture Trustee under the
Indenture relating to the Issuer and in no event shall Deutsche
Bank National Trust Company in its individual capacity or as
Indenture Trustee have any liability for the representations,
warranties, covenants, agreements or other obligations of the
Issuer hereunder or in any of the certificates, notices or
agreements delivered pursuant hereto as to all of which recourse
shall be had solely to the assets of the Issuer.



3







 



SECTION 14.    Excess Distribution Certificateholder Consent
and Direction . 
Navient Funding, LLC hereby: (i) certifies that it owns 100%
of the Excess Distribution Certificate issued by the Issuer;
(ii) certifies that it consents to this Amendment in all
respects; and (iii) instructs and directs Deutsche Bank Trust
Company Americas, as successor Eligible Lender Trustee, to execute
and deliver this Amendment in the name of the Issuer.  In
addition, Navient Funding, LLC, as the sole Excess Distribution
Certificateholder of the Issuer, hereby irrevocably waives any
rights it may have under any Basic Document (as defined in the
Indenture) to receive prior notice of the substance of this
Amendment.



SECTION 15.    Issuer Order .  Pursuant to Section 9.2 of
the Indenture, Navient Solutions, LLC as Administrator of the
Issuer and on behalf of such Issuer, hereby directs and instructs
Deutsche Bank National Trust Company, as Indenture Trustee, to
execute and deliver this Amendment, and directs and instructs
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as successor Eligible Lender
Trustee, to execute and deliver this Amendment in the name of the
Issuer.  The Administrator hereby confirms that it has
provided prior written notice of this Amendment to the applicable
Rating Agencies and any other required Persons within the time
frames required under the Indenture and the Amended and Restated
Trust Agreement.  The parties hereto agree that such notice
shall be deemed to satisfy any provision requiring notice of this
Amendment to be sent by the Eligible Lender Trustee.



[SIGNATURE PAGES FOLLOW]



 



4







 



IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have caused this Supplemental Indenture No. 1A of 2017
to be duly executed and delivered by their respective duly
authorized officers as of the day and year first written
above.



SLM STUDENT LOAN TRUST 2012-3,
as Issuer



By:    DEUTSCHE BANK TRUST COMPANY AMERICAS, not in its
individual capacity but solely as successor Eligible Lender
Trustee



By:      /s/ Michele H.Y.
Voon                                   



Name: Michele H.Y. Voon



Title: Vice President



By:      /s/ Mark
DiGiacomo                                   



Name: Mark DiGiacomo



Title: Vice President



DEUTSCHE BANK NATIONAL TRUST
COMPANY, not in its individual capacity but solely as Indenture
Trustee



By:      /s/ Michele H.Y.
Voon                                   



Name: Michele H.Y. Voon



Title: Vice President



By:      /s/ Mark
DiGiacomo                                   



Name: Mark DiGiacomo



Title: Vice President



 









 



DEUTSCHE BANK TRUST COMPANY
AMERICAS,  not in its individual capacity but solely as
successor Eligible Lender Trustee



By:      /s/ Michele H.Y.
Voon                                   



Name: Michele H.Y. Voon



Title: Vice President



By:      /s/ Mark
DiGiacomo                                   



Name: Mark DiGiacomo



Title: Vice President



 









 


EXHIBIT A


CONSENT



[Intentionally Omitted]



2






ANNEX A


Supplemental Indenture
No. 1A of 2017



 



3






EXHIBIT B


 



FORM OF AMENDED AND RESTATED
CLASS A NOTE



SEE REVERSE FOR CERTAIN
DEFINITIONS



Unless this Note is presented by an
authorized representative of The Depository Trust Company, a New
York corporation (“DTC”), to the Issuer (as defined
below) or its agent for registration of transfer, exchange or
payment, and any Note issued is registered in the name of Cede
& Co. or in such other name as is requested by an authorized
representative of DTC (and any payment is made to Cede & Co. or
to such other entity as is requested by an authorized
representative of DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF
FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL inasmuch as
the registered owner hereof, Cede & Co., has an interest
herein.



THE PRINCIPAL OF THIS NOTE IS
PAYABLE IN INSTALLMENTS AS SET FORTH HEREIN.  ACCORDINGLY, THE
OUTSTANDING PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF THIS NOTE AT ANY TIME MAY BE LESS
THAN THE AMOUNT SHOWN ON THE FACE HEREOF.  THIS NOTE IS NOT
GUARANTEED OR INSURED BY ANY GOVERNMENTAL AGENCY.





NUMBER


 


PRINCIPAL AMOUNT: 
$500,000,000 




R-1


 


CUSIP NO.:  78447A AA2




 


 


ISIN:  US78447AAA25




 


 


EUROPEAN COMMON CODE:  077652400




 


 


 












SLM STUDENT LOAN TRUST
2012-3



FLOATING RATE CLASS A STUDENT
LOAN-BACKED NOTES



SLM Student Loan Trust 2012-3, a
statutory trust organized and existing under the laws of the State
of Delaware (herein referred to as the “Issuer”), for
value received, hereby promises to pay to CEDE & CO., or
registered assigns, the principal sum of FIVE HUNDRED MILLION AND
NO/100 DOLLARS ($500,000,000) payable on each Distribution Date in
an amount equal to the result obtained by multiplying (i) a
fraction, the numerator of which is $500,000,000 and the
denominator of which is $1,214,500,000, by (ii) the aggregate
amount, if any, payable to the Class A Noteholders on such
Distribution Date in respect of principal of the Notes pursuant to
Section 3.1 of the Indenture dated as of May 3, 2012 (the
“Indenture”), among the Issuer, Deutsche Bank Trust
Company Americas, a New York banking corporation, as successor
Eligible Lender Trustee on behalf of the Issuer, and Deutsche Bank
National Trust Company, a national banking association, as
Indenture Trustee (the “Indenture Trustee”)
(capitalized terms used but not defined herein being defined in
Appendix A to the Indenture, which also contain rules as to
usage that shall be applicable herein); provided ,
however , that the entire unpaid principal amount of this
Note shall be due and payable on the December 26, 2038 Distribution
Date (the “Class A Maturity Date”).



The Issuer shall pay interest on
this Note at the rate per annum equal to the Class A Rate (as
defined on the reverse hereof), on each Distribution Date until the
principal of this Note is paid or made available for payment, on
the principal amount of this Note outstanding on the preceding
Distribution Date (after giving effect to all payments of principal
made on the preceding Distribution Date), subject to certain
limitations contained in Section 3.1 of the Indenture. 
Interest on this Note shall accrue from and including the
immediately preceding Distribution Date (or, in the case of the
first Accrual Period, the Closing Date) to but excluding the
following Distribution Date (each an “Accrual
Period”).  Interest shall be calculated on the basis of
the actual number of days elapsed in each Accrual Period divided by
360.  Such principal of and interest on this Note shall be
paid in the manner specified on the reverse hereof.



The principal of and interest on
this Note are payable in such coin or currency of the United States
of America as at the time of payment is legal tender for payment of
public and private debts.  All payments made by the Issuer
with respect to this Note shall be applied first to interest due
and payable on this Note as provided above and then to the unpaid
principal of this Note.



Reference is made to the further
provisions of this Note set forth on the reverse hereof, which
shall have the same effect as though fully set forth on the face of
this Note.



Unless the certificate of
authentication hereon has been executed by the Indenture Trustee
whose name appears below by manual signature, this Note shall not
be entitled to any benefit under the Indenture referred to on the
reverse hereof, or be valid or obligatory for any
purpose.









IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Issuer has
caused this instrument to be duly executed, manually or in
facsimile, as of the date set forth below.



SLM STUDENT LOAN TRUST
2012-3






By:



DEUTSCHE BANK
TRUST COMPANY AMERICAS, not in its individual capacity but solely
as successor Eligible Lender Trustee under the Trust
Agreement







By:___________________________________



Authorized Signatory



 



 



Date: 



TRUSTEE’S CERTIFICATE OF
AUTHENTICATION



This is one of the Notes designated
above and referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture.



DEUTSCHE BANK NATIONAL TRUST
COMPANY,
not in its individual capacity but solely as
Indenture Trustee



By:___________________________________



Authorized Signatory



 



 



Date: 









This Note is one of a duly
authorized issue of Notes of the Issuer, designated as its Floating
Rate Class A Student Loan-Backed Notes (the “Class A
Notes”) which, together with the Issuer’s Floating Rate
Class B Student Loan-Backed Notes (the “Class B Notes”
and, together with the Class A Notes, the “Notes”), are
issued under and secured by the Indenture, to which Indenture and
all indentures supplemental thereto reference is hereby made for a
statement of the respective rights and obligations thereunder of
the Issuer, the Indenture Trustee, the Eligible Lender Trustee and
the Noteholders.  The Notes are subject to all terms of the
Indenture.



This Note is secured equally and
ratably with the Collateral pledged as security therefore as
provided in the Indenture.  On any Distribution Date, interest
on each Class A Note will be paid pari passu with all other
Class A Notes, and, thereafter, interest on the Class B Notes will
be paid.  On any Distribution Date, the principal on the Class
A Notes will be paid to the Class A Notes, up to the applicable
Class A Noteholders’ Principal Distribution Amount.
Thereafter, on any Distribution Date, principal on the Class B
Notes will be paid to the Class B Notes up to the applicable Class
B Noteholders’ Principal Distribution Amount.  Payment
priorities following the occurrence and during the continuation of
an Event of Default will change as described in the
Indenture.



Principal of the Class A Notes shall
be payable on each Distribution Date in an amount described on the
face hereof.  “Distribution Date” means the 25th
day of each calendar month or, if any such date is not a Business
Day, the next succeeding Business Day, commencing June 25,
2012.



As described on the face hereof, the
entire unpaid principal amount of this Note shall be due and
payable on the Class A Maturity Date.  Notwithstanding the
foregoing, the entire unpaid principal amount of the Notes shall be
due and payable on the date on which (i) an Event of Default shall
have occurred and be continuing and (ii) the Indenture Trustee or
the Noteholders representing not less than a majority of the
Outstanding Amount of the Notes shall have declared the Notes to be
immediately due and payable in the manner provided in
Section 5.2 of the Indenture.  All principal payments on
the Class A Notes shall be made pro rata to the Noteholders
entitled thereto.



Interest on the Class A Notes shall
be payable on each Distribution Date on the principal amount
outstanding of the Class A Notes until the principal amount thereof
is paid in full, at a rate per annum equal to the Class A
Rate.  The “Class A Rate” for each Accrual Period,
other than the initial Accrual Period, shall be equal to One-Month
LIBOR as determined on the second Business Day before the beginning
of that Accrual Period plus 0.65%.  The interest for the
initial Accrual Period shall be as set forth in the definition of
Class A Rate contained in Appendix A to the Indenture.



If Definitive Notes have been issued
as of the applicable Record Date, then payments of interest on this
Note on each Distribution Date, together with the installment of
principal, if any, to the extent not in full payment of this Note,
shall be made by check mailed to the Person whose name appears as
the Registered Holder of this Note (or one or more Predecessor
Notes) on the Note Register on the Record Date.  Such checks
shall be mailed to the Person entitled thereto at the address of
such Person as it appears on the Note Register as of the









 



applicable Record Date without
requiring that this Note be submitted for notation of payment, and
the mailing of such check shall constitute payment of the amount
thereof regardless of whether such check is returned
undelivered.  With respect to Notes registered on the
applicable Record Date in the name of the nominee of the Clearing
Agency (initially, such nominee to be Cede & Co.), unless
Definitive Notes have been issued, payments shall be made by wire
transfer in immediately available funds to the account designated
by such nominee.  Any reduction in the principal amount of
this Note (or any one or more Predecessor Notes) effected by any
payments made on any Distribution Date shall be binding upon all
future Noteholders of this Note and of any Note issued upon the
registration of transfer hereof or in exchange hereof or in lieu
hereof, whether or not noted hereon.  If funds are expected to
be available, as provided in the Indenture, for payment in full of
the then remaining unpaid principal amount of this Note on a
Distribution Date, then the Indenture Trustee, in the name of and
on behalf of the Issuer, shall notify the Person who was the
Noteholder hereof as of the preceding Record Date by notice mailed
no later than five days prior to such Distribution Date and the
amount then due and payable shall be payable only upon presentation
and surrender of this Note at the Indenture Trustee’s
Corporate Trust Office or at the office of the Indenture
Trustee’s agent appointed for such purposes located in the
Borough of Manhattan, The City of New York.



The Issuer shall pay interest on
overdue installments of interest on this Note at the Class A
Rate to the extent lawful.



As provided in the Indenture and
subject to certain limitations set forth therein, the transfer of
this Note shall be registered on the Note Register upon surrender
of this Note for registration of transfer at the office or agency
designated by the Issuer pursuant to the Indenture, duly endorsed
by, or accompanied by a written instrument of transfer in form
satisfactory to the Indenture Trustee duly executed by, the
Noteholder hereof or his attorney duly authorized in writing, with
such signature guaranteed by an “eligible guarantor
institution” meeting the requirements of the Note Registrar,
which requirements include membership or participation in
Securities Transfer Agent’s Medallion Program
(“STAMP”) or such other “signature guarantee
program” as may be determined by the Note Registrar in
addition to, or in substitution for, STAMP (all in accordance with
the Exchange Act), and such other documents as the Indenture
Trustee may require, and thereupon one or more new Notes of
authorized denominations and in the same aggregate principal amount
shall be issued to the designated transferee or transferees. 
No service charge will be charged for any registration of transfer
or exchange of this Note, but the transferor may be required to pay
a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge that
may be imposed in connection with any such registration of transfer
or exchange.



Each Noteholder or Note Owner, by
acceptance of this Note or, in the case of a Note Owner, a
beneficial interest in this Note, covenants and agrees that no
recourse may be taken, directly or indirectly, with respect to the
obligations of the Issuer or the Indenture Trustee on the Notes or
under the Indenture or any certificate or other writing delivered
in connection therewith, against (i) the Indenture Trustee or the
Eligible Lender Trustee in its individual capacity, (ii) any owner
of a beneficial interest in the Issuer or (iii) any partner, owner,
beneficiary, agent, officer, director or employee of the Indenture
Trustee or the Eligible Lender Trustee in its individual capacity,
any holder or owner of a beneficial interest in the Issuer, the
Eligible Lender Trustee or the Indenture Trustee or of any
successor or assign thereof in its









 



individual capacity, except as any
such Person may have expressly agreed (it being understood that the
Indenture Trustee and the Eligible Lender Trustee have no such
obligations in their individual capacity) and except that any such
partner, owner or beneficiary shall be fully liable, to the extent
provided by applicable law, for any unpaid consideration for stock,
unpaid capital contribution or failure to pay any installment or
call owing to such entity.



Each Noteholder or Note Owner, by
acceptance of a Note or, in the case of a Note Owner, a beneficial
interest in a Note, covenants and agrees that by accepting the
benefits of the Indenture that for all tax purposes, financial
accounting and all other related purposes, (a) the Notes will
constitute indebtedness of the Issuer and (b) the Excess
Distribution Certificateholder will be treated as owning all of the
assets, and assuming all of the liabilities (including the Notes),
of the Issuer and shall in all events take positions consistent
with, and in no event take a position inconsistent with, the
provisions described in clauses (a) and (b) in the preparation of
any returns and reports, and with respect to any audit or
controversy, as to which either of the positions described in
clauses (a) or (b) above would be relevant.



Upon acquisition or transfer of this
Note or a beneficial interest in this Note, as the case may be, by,
for or with the assets of, a Benefit Plan, such Note Owner shall be
deemed to have represented that such acquisition or purchase will
not constitute or otherwise result in: (i) in the case of a Benefit
Plan subject to Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code, a
non-exempt prohibited transaction in violation of Section 406 of
ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code which is not covered by a class
or other applicable exemption and (ii) in the case of a Benefit
Plan subject to a substantially similar federal, state, local or
foreign law, a non-exempt violation of such substantially similar
law.  Any transfer found to have been made in violation of
such deemed representation shall be null and void and of no
effect.



Each Noteholder or Note Owner, by
acceptance of this Note or, in the case of a Note Owner, a
beneficial interest in this Note, covenants and agrees that by
accepting the benefits of the Indenture such Noteholder or Note
Owner will not at any time institute against the Depositor or the
Issuer, or join in any institution against the Depositor or the
Issuer of, any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency,
receivership or liquidation proceedings or other proceedings under
any United States Federal or state bankruptcy or similar law in
connection with any obligations relating to the Notes, the
Indenture or the other Basic Documents.



Prior to the due presentment for
registration of transfer of this Note, the Issuer, the Indenture
Trustee and any agent of the Issuer or the Indenture Trustee may
treat the Person in whose name this Note (as of the day of
determination or as of such other date as may be specified in the
Indenture) is registered as the owner hereof for all purposes
whether or not this Note be overdue, and neither the Issuer, the
Indenture Trustee nor any such agent shall be affected by notice to
the contrary.



The Indenture permits, with certain
exceptions as therein provided, the amendment thereof and the
modification of the rights and obligations of the Issuer and the
rights of the Noteholders under the Indenture at any time by the
Issuer with the consent of the Noteholders representing a majority
of the Outstanding Amount of all Notes at the time









 



outstanding.  The Indenture
also contains provisions permitting the Noteholders representing
specified percentages of the Outstanding Amount of the Notes, on
behalf of all the Noteholders, to waive compliance by the Issuer
with certain provisions of the Indenture and certain past defaults
under the Indenture and their consequences.  Any such consent
or waiver by the holder of this Note (or any one or more
Predecessor Notes) shall be conclusive and binding upon such holder
and upon all future holders of this Note and of any Note issued
upon registration of transfer hereof or in exchange hereof or in
lieu hereof whether or not notation of such consent or waiver is
made upon this Note.  The Indenture also permits the Indenture
Trustee to amend or waive certain terms and conditions set forth in
the Indenture without the consent of holders of the Notes issued
thereunder.



The term “Issuer” as
used in this Note includes any successor to the Issuer under the
Indenture.



The Issuer is permitted by the
Indenture, under certain circumstances, to merge or consolidate,
subject to the rights of the Indenture Trustee and the Noteholders
under the Indenture.



The Notes are issuable only in
registered form in denominations as provided in the Indenture,
subject to certain limitations therein set forth.



This Note shall be construed in
accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without
reference to its conflict of law provisions, and the obligations,
rights and remedies of the parties hereunder and thereunder shall
be determined in accordance with such laws.



No reference herein to the Indenture
and no provision of this Note or of the Indenture shall alter or
impair the obligation of the Issuer, which is absolute and
unconditional, to pay the principal of and interest on this Note at
the times, place, and rate, and in the coin or currency, herein
prescribed.



Anything herein to the contrary
notwithstanding, except as expressly provided in the Basic
Documents, neither Deutsche Bank National Trust Company, in its
individual capacity, Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, in its
individual capacity, any owner of a beneficial interest in the
Issuer, nor any of their respective partners, beneficiaries,
agents, officers, directors, employees or successors or assigns
shall be personally liable for, nor shall recourse be had to any of
them for, the payment of principal of or interest on, or
performance of, or omission to perform, any of the covenants,
obligations or indemnifications contained in this Note or the
Indenture; it being expressly understood that said covenants,
obligations and indemnifications have been made by the Eligible
Lender Trustee for the sole purpose of binding the interests of the
Eligible Lender Trustee in the assets of the Issuer.  The
Noteholder of this Note by the acceptance hereof agrees that,
except as expressly provided in the Basic Documents, in the case of
an Event of Default under the Indenture, the Noteholder shall have
no claim against any of the foregoing for any deficiency, loss or
claim therefrom; provided , however , that nothing
contained herein shall be taken to prevent recourse to, and
enforcement against, the assets of the Issuer for any and all
liabilities, obligations and undertakings contained in the
Indenture or in this Note.









ASSIGNMENT



Social Security or taxpayer I.D. or
other identifying number of assignee



                                                                                                                                                                       
                                                        



 



FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned
hereby sells, assigns and transfers unto



                                                                                                                                                                                



                                                                                        
(name and address of
assignee)



the within Note and all rights
thereunder, and hereby irrevocably constitutes and
appoints


                                                                                                                                                                                


attorney, to transfer said Note on
the books kept for registration thereof, with full power of
substitution in the premises.



Dated:
________________________    



                                             
*/



Signature Guaranteed:



                                             
*/



__________________


*/    NOTICE:  The signature to this assignment
must correspond with the name of the registered owner as it appears
on the face of the within Note in every particular, without
alteration, enlargement or any change whatever.  Such
signature must be guaranteed by an “eligible guarantor
institution” meeting the requirements of the Note Registrar,
which requirements include membership or participation in STAMP or
such other “signature guarantee program” as may be
determined by the Note Registrar in addition to, or in substitution
for, STAMP, all in accordance with the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended.








FORM OF AMENDED AND RESTATED
CLASS A NOTE



SEE REVERSE FOR CERTAIN
DEFINITIONS



Unless this Note is presented by an
authorized representative of The Depository Trust Company, a New
York corporation (“DTC”), to the Issuer (as defined
below) or its agent for registration of transfer, exchange or
payment, and any Note issued is registered in the name of Cede
& Co. or in such other name as is requested by an authorized
representative of DTC (and any payment



 








 












 















SLM Student Loan Trust 2012-3 Credit Rating - Moody's






















































Yes
No





























About Moody'sCareersRegulatory AffairsTerms of UseContact UsAbout Moody'sCompany OverviewInvestor RelationsMedia RelationsCorporate Social ResponsibilityAlumni













GO






































There are too many sessions currently in use on this account















Log In




Cancel


































Research & Ratings

OverviewRatings NewsRating MethodologiesRatings DisclosuresRatings PerformanceRegulatory AffairsCode of Professional ConductSector in DepthLook Up a RatingFind an AnalystInteractive ChartsMarket SegmentCorporatesFinancial InstitutionsStructured FinanceManaged InvestmentsInfrastructure & Project FinanceSovereign & SupranationalSub-SovereignU.S. Public FinanceRegionNorth AmericaLatin America & CaribbeanEurope, Middle East & AfricaAsia PacificResearch TypeIssuer ResearchIndustry / Sector ResearchMethodologyCapital Markets ResearchDefault & Ratings AnalyticsEconomic ResearchData ReportsPolitical / Economic GroupEmerging MarketsEuropean UnionAsia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC)Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN)Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS)EurozoneGulf Cooperation CouncilMercosurOrganisation for Economic Co-operation and Development  (OECD)Credit PolicyRating MethodologiesRequests for CommentThe Commercial GroupHow to Get RatedRatings DefinitionsRatings Policy & Approach



Products & Solutions

OverviewProducts Listing by A - ZMoody's AnalyticsMoody's Pricing & Valuations ToolsMoody's Advisory ServicesMoody's Economy.comMoody’s Training & CertificationSolutionsAsset and Liability Management SolutionsCredit Origination SolutionsCredit Risk SolutionsData SolutionsEconomic SolutionsInsurance SolutionsInvestment & Pensions SolutionsLearning Solutions and CertificationsPortfolio Management SolutionsRegulatory and Accounting SolutionsStructured Finance SolutionsAccess ProductsCredit Risk CalculatorCredit Transition ModelCredit TrendsCreditEdge®Default Recovery Database (DRD)Default Risk Service - StructuredFund MonitoringLossCalc™Market Implied Ratings (MIR®)Moody's Financial Metrics™Moody's Project Finance ScorecardMoody's Quantitative Ratings Estimator (QRATE)Municipal Financial Ratio AnalysisRatings InteractiveRiskCalc™



News & Events

OverviewRatings NewsEventsTraining EventsTopics





Log In
Register







            Log In 

            Please log in for full access to your permissions. Password is case sensitive.











                    User Name:





                    Password:









                Automatically log me in when I return





                Log In





                Forgot your Username or Password?




        Or Log In using:

























Please Note


We brought you to this page based on your search query. If this isn't what you are looking for, you can continue to Search Results for ""
















The maximum number of items you can export is 3,000.
  Please reduce your list by using the filtering tool to the left.









Close








































































Back to Previous Page



















Please Log In to access this content






Registered User


        Please log in for full access to your permissions. Password is case sensitive.








            User Name:





            Password:








            Automatically log me in when I return



            Log In





            Forgot your Username or Password?



        Or Log In using:
    







Not Registered Yet?

Register now to get FREE access to:
Issuer Ratings.
Ratings on over 170,000 corporate, government and structured finance securities.
Events Calendar.
Information about training seminars, briefings, and teleconferences.
Watchlists.
Listings of issuers under review for rating changes.
Rating Methodologies.
Descriptive frameworks underlying Moody's ratings.

 

Register Now

















SLM Student Loan Trust 2012-3

Moody's Org ID:723130481







Moody's Org ID:723130481

Market Segment:Structured Finance > ABS > Student Loans...>> > FFELP <<







Please Log In to view this content.



















                                    Research



                                    Ratings



                                    Related Parties







                            Go to Student Loan ABS Industry Page
                        









    Deal Research


    Industry Research


    Performance


    Related Parties Research


    Methodology






Results 
        1 - 26
Of 
        26


 
        Page 
        
        1
Of 
        1 
        






                Filter By:
            


Document Type - All
Announcement
Pre-Sale Report
Rating Action
Rating List
SEC Rule 17g-7 Report of R&Ws


Source - All
Moody's Investors Service







Date
    
    



Document Type
    



                        Title
                    

                        Source
                    




                    03 May 2017
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's upgrades two tranches from two Navient FFELP securitizations





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    17 Feb 2017
                

                    Announcement
                













                                    Moody's: No ratings impact on SLM student loan trusts following amendment of the limited liability company operating agreement





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    10 Nov 2016
                

                    Rating List
                













                                    Moody's Investors Service – Update on Credit Ratings Remaining on Review





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    01 Nov 2016
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's takes rating actions on 49 Navient FFELP securitizations





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    10 Oct 2016
                

                    Rating List
                













                                    Moody's Investors Service – Update on Credit Ratings Remaining on Review





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    12 Sep 2016
                

                    Rating List
                













                                    Moody's Investors Service – Update on Credit Ratings Remaining on Review





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    10 Aug 2016
                

                    Rating List
                













                                    Moody's Investors Service – Update on Credit Ratings Remaining on Review





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    14 Jun 2016
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's announces rating actions on student loan ABS backed by FFELP student loans following the update of its rating methodology





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    10 Jun 2016
                

                    Rating List
                













                                    Moody's Investors Service – Update on Credit Ratings Remaining on Review





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    10 May 2016
                

                    Rating List
                













                                    Moody's Investors Service – Update on Credit Ratings Remaining on Review





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    11 Apr 2016
                

                    Rating List
                













                                    Moody's Investors Service – Update on Credit Ratings Remaining on Review





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    10 Mar 2016
                

                    Rating List
                













                                    Moody's Investors Service – Update on Credit Ratings Remaining on Review





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    10 Feb 2016
                

                    Rating List
                













                                    Moody's Investors Service – Update On Credit Ratings Remaining On Review





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    11 Jan 2016
                

                    Rating List
                













                                    MOODY'S INVESTORS SERVICE – UPDATE ON CREDIT RATINGS REMAINING ON REVIEW





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    10 Dec 2015
                

                    Rating List
                













                                    MOODY'S INVESTORS SERVICE – UPDATE ON CREDIT RATINGS REMAINING ON REVIEW





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    10 Nov 2015
                

                    Rating List
                













                                    MOODY'S INVESTORS SERVICE – UPDATE ON CREDIT RATINGS REMAINING ON REVIEW





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    12 Oct 2015
                

                    Rating List
                













                                    MOODY'S INVESTORS SERVICE – UPDATE ON CREDIT RATINGS REMAINING ON REVIEW





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    22 Jun 2015
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's reviews for downgrade 106 tranches from 57 FFELP student loan securitizations as a result of the risk of default at maturity





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    15 Jan 2015
                

                    Announcement
                













                                    Moody's: No rating impact on Navient FFELP student loan deals following merger of seller entities





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    05 May 2014
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's affirms ratings of 475 classes of notes issued in Sallie Mae's FFELP and private student loan securitizations





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    06 Jun 2013
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's affirms 394 classes of notes from 109 Sallie Mae FFELP student loan securitizations





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    03 May 2012
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's assigns definitive ratings to SLM Student Loan Trust 2012-3





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    03 May 2012
                

                    SEC Rule 17g-7 Report of R&Ws
                













                                    SLM Student Loan Trust 2012-3 Deal v1.1 Compared To Student Loans v1.0





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    23 Apr 2012
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's assigns provisional ratings to SLM Student Loan Trust 2012-3





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    23 Apr 2012
                

                    Pre-Sale Report
                













                                    SLM Student Loan Trust 2012-3





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    23 Apr 2012
                

                    SEC Rule 17g-7 Report of R&Ws
                













                                    SLM Student Loan Trust 2012-3 Deal v1.0 Compared To Student Loans v1.0





                    Moody's Investors Service
                





Results 
        1 - 26
Of 
        26


 
        Page 
        
        1
Of 
        1 
        
















                6The rating history for this credit rating accurately reflects the current status of the (sf) indicator but, due to technical limitations, does not accurately reflect the (sf) indicator history. Please visit the Research tab to view the press release(s) announcing when the (sf) indicator was added or removed.


For credit ratings that are derived exclusively from an existing credit rating of a program, series, category/class of debt, support provider or primary rated entity, or that replace a previously assigned provisional rating at the same rating level, Moody’s publishes a rating announcement on that series, category/class of debt or program as a whole, on the support provider or primary rated entity, or on the provisional rating, but often does not publish a specific rating announcement on each subsequent bond or note for which the credit rating is derived from the existing credit rating. Rating announcements are usually press releases classified as Rating Actions on www.moodys.com. Please refer to the Research tab on the issuer/entity page for the rating announcement.
















Moody's Integrity Hotline
EU

001-800-506-1440
Japan

KDDI: 00-539-111 then 888-320-1668
NTT: 0034-811-001 then 888-320-1668
Outside of the EU and Japan

1-866-330-MDYS (6397)



Browse By
HomeResearch & RatingsProducts & SolutionsNews & EventsCareers


Contact Us
Help & SupportContact UsSubmit a Complaint


Terms & Conditions
Terms of UsePrivacy PolicyProprietary Rights





            © 2017 Moody's Investors Service, Inc., Moody’s Analytics, Inc. and/or their affiliates and licensors. All rights reserved.
        

           Regional Sites:
            
GlobalArgentinaAsiaAustraliaBoliviaBrazilCanadaCEEChinaCzech RepublicCISEMEAFranceGermanyIndonesiaIndiaItalyJapanKoreaMexicoMiddle EastPolandSouth AfricaSpainTurkeyTaiwanUruguay





























































































	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































