










 


 



Fitch Takes Various Actions on SLM Student Loan Trust 2014-2 | Business Wire


























































      Fitch Takes Various Actions on SLM Student Loan Trust 2014-2
    





February 25, 2016 12:08 PM Eastern Standard Time



NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Fitch Ratings has taken the following rating actions on SLM Student Loan 
      Trust 2014-2:
    

      --Class A-1 affirmed at 'AAAsf'; Outlook Stable;
    

      --Class A-2 affirmed at 'AAAsf'; Outlook Stable;
    

      --Class A-3 'AAAsf'; Rating Watch Negative maintained;
    

      --Class B 'A+sf'; Rating Watch Negative maintained.
    

      KEY RATING DRIVERS
    

      Maturity Risk: The Rating Watch Negative action is based on the 
      heightened risk of the SLM 2014-2 class A-3 & B notes missing their 
      legal final maturity dates of March 26, 2029 and Jan. 25, 2045, 
      respectively, which would result in an event of default. In an event of 
      such technical default, Fitch would expect ultimate repayment of full 
      principal and interest after the legal final. Fitch expects to resolve 
      the Rating Watch Negative status once its revised FFELP criteria report 
      is published. The magnitude of any potential rating action could vary 
      depending on remaining time to maturity, recent payment trends, issuer 
      actions such as loan purchases, or other external factors.
    

      High Collateral Quality: The trust is collateral consists of 100% a 
      Federal Family Education Loan Program (FFELP) loans. The credit quality 
      of the trust is high, in Fitch's opinion, based on the guarantees 
      provided by the transaction's eligible guarantors and reinsurance 
      provided by the U.S. Department of Education (ED) for at least 97% of 
      principal and accrued interest. The Stable Outlook on the notes is 
      consistent with Fitch's current rating on the U.S. sovereign of 'AAA', 
      Outlook Stable.
    

      Sufficient Credit Enhancement (CE): Transaction CE is provided by 
      overcollateralization (OC) and excess spread. In addition, the class A 
      notes benefits from subordination provided the class B notes. As of the 
      January 2016 distribution period, senior and total parity are at 104.77% 
      and 101.01%, respectively. The trust has been releasing cash as the 
      specified OC amount that requires the greater of 1% of the adjusted pool 
      balance and $1.25 million has been met.
    

      Adequate Liquidity Support: Liquidity support is provided by reserve 
      account sized at 0.25% of the ending pool balance with a $995,345 floor. 
      As of the January 2016 distribution period, the reserve account was 
      approximately $1.91 million.
    

      Acceptable Servicing Capabilities: Navient Solutions Inc. services 100% 
      of the 2014-2 portfolio. In Fitch's opinion, Navient Solutions is an 
      acceptable servicer of FFELP student loans.
    

      On Nov. 18, 2015, Fitch released its exposure draft which delineates 
      revisions it plans to make to the 'Rating U.S. Federal Family Education 
      Loan Program Student Loan ABS Criteria', dated June 23, 2014. Fitch has 
      reviewed this transaction under both the existing and proposed criteria.
    

      RATING SENSITIVITIES
    

      Since the FFELP student loan ABS relies on the U.S. government to 
      reimburse defaults, 'AAAsf' FFELP ABS ratings will likely move in tandem 
      with the 'AAA' U.S. sovereign rating. Aside from the U.S. sovereign 
      rating, defaults, basis risk, and loan extension risk account for the 
      majority of the risk embedded in FFELP student loan transactions. 
      Additional defaults, basis shock beyond Fitch's published stresses, 
      lower than expected payment speed, and other factors could result in 
      future downgrades. Likewise, a buildup of CE driven by positive excess 
      spread given favorable basis factor conditions could lead to future 
      upgrades.
    

      DUE DILIGENCE USAGE
    

      No third-party due diligence was provided or reviewed in relation to 
      this rating action.
    

      Additional information is available at www.fitchratings.com.
    

      Applicable Criteria
    

      Counterparty Criteria for Structured Finance and Covered Bonds (pub. 14 
      May 2014)
    

https://www.fitchratings.com/creditdesk/reports/report_frame.cfm?rpt_id=744158


      Criteria for Interest Rate Stresses in Structured Finance Transactions 
      and Covered Bonds (pub. 19 Dec 2014)
    

https://www.fitchratings.com/creditdesk/reports/report_frame.cfm?rpt_id=838868


      Exposure Draft: Rating U.S. Federal Family Education Loan Program 
      Student Loan ABS Criteria (pub. 04 Dec 2015)
    

https://www.fitchratings.com/creditdesk/reports/report_frame.cfm?rpt_id=874971


      Global Structured Finance Rating Criteria (pub. 06 Jul 2015)
    

https://www.fitchratings.com/creditdesk/reports/report_frame.cfm?rpt_id=867952


      Rating U.S. Federal Family Education Loan Program Student Loan ABS 
      Criteria (pub. 23 Jun 2014)
    

https://www.fitchratings.com/creditdesk/reports/report_frame.cfm?rpt_id=750530


      Related Research
    

      SLM Student Loan Trust 2014-2 -- Appendix
    

https://www.fitchratings.com/creditdesk/reports/report_frame.cfm?rpt_id=741220


      Additional Disclosures
    

      Dodd-Frank Rating Information Disclosure Form
    

https://www.fitchratings.com/creditdesk/press_releases/content/ridf_frame.cfm?pr_id=1000010


      Solicitation Status
    

https://www.fitchratings.com/gws/en/disclosure/solicitation?pr_id=1000010


      Endorsement Policy
    

https://www.fitchratings.com/jsp/creditdesk/PolicyRegulation.faces?context=2&detail=31


      ALL FITCH CREDIT RATINGS ARE SUBJECT TO CERTAIN LIMITATIONS AND 
      DISCLAIMERS. PLEASE READ THESE LIMITATIONS AND DISCLAIMERS BY FOLLOWING 
      THIS LINK: HTTP://FITCHRATINGS.COM/UNDERSTANDINGCREDITRATINGS. 
      IN ADDITION, RATING DEFINITIONS AND THE TERMS OF USE OF SUCH RATINGS ARE 
      AVAILABLE ON THE AGENCY'S PUBLIC WEBSITE 'WWW.FITCHRATINGS.COM'. 
      PUBLISHED RATINGS, CRITERIA AND METHODOLOGIES ARE AVAILABLE FROM THIS 
      SITE AT ALL TIMES. FITCH'S CODE OF CONDUCT, CONFIDENTIALITY, CONFLICTS 
      OF INTEREST, AFFILIATE FIREWALL, COMPLIANCE AND OTHER RELEVANT POLICIES 
      AND PROCEDURES ARE ALSO AVAILABLE FROM THE 'CODE OF CONDUCT' SECTION OF 
      THIS SITE. FITCH MAY HAVE PROVIDED ANOTHER PERMISSIBLE SERVICE TO THE 
      RATED ENTITY OR ITS RELATED THIRD PARTIES. DETAILS OF THIS SERVICE FOR 
      RATINGS FOR WHICH THE LEAD ANALYST IS BASED IN AN EU-REGISTERED ENTITY 
      CAN BE FOUND ON THE ENTITY SUMMARY PAGE FOR THIS ISSUER ON THE FITCH 
      WEBSITE.
    


Contacts

      Fitch RatingsPrimary AnalystCharlene M. DavisDirector+1-212-908-0213Fitch 
      Ratings, Inc.33 Whitehall StreetNew York, NY 10004orCommittee 
      ChairpersonMichael DeanManaging Director+1-212-908-0556orMedia 
      Relations:Sandro Scenga, +1-212-908-0278sandro.scenga@fitchratings.com













Contacts

      Fitch RatingsPrimary AnalystCharlene M. DavisDirector+1-212-908-0213Fitch 
      Ratings, Inc.33 Whitehall StreetNew York, NY 10004orCommittee 
      ChairpersonMichael DeanManaging Director+1-212-908-0556orMedia 
      Relations:Sandro Scenga, +1-212-908-0278sandro.scenga@fitchratings.com







 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
























SLM Student Loan Trust 2014-2 in Reston, VA - (703) 810-3000





























 

Enter company name












Home


Favorites


Lists


Employers by Major


Employ Veterans


Locations


Blog


Sign In





















                            The Most Advanced Company Information Database
                        





















 








Enter company name



Op. city,state,zip,county














 






Companies

 




Lists






 








Enter company name



Op. city,state,zip,county














 






Companies

 




Industries

 
 




Lists















Home

 




My Favorites
My Favorites





Lists





List Builder





Employers by Major





Employ Veterans





Locations





Industries





Blogs







X
You must be a subscriber!


This feature is available to paying subscribers only. 

Click here to learn about our subscription plans.
            



















SLM Student Loan Trust 2014-2

























Action 


Add to List
Add to Favorites
Share
































        Contact Information
    




SLM Student Loan Trust 2014-2



12061 Bluemont Way
Reston, VA 20190






Contact:



Title:



Phone:


                        703-810-3000
                    



Website:







There are 

15
                Companies located at 12061 Bluemont Way, Reston, VA 20190
            












 














            Map
        





View larger map









            Business Description
        



SLM Student Loan Trust 2014-2 is located in Reston, Virginia. This organization primarily operates in the Trusts, nec business / industry within the Holding and Other Investment Offices sector. This organization has been operating for approximately 3 years. SLM Student Loan Trust 2014-2 is estimated to generate $73,000 in annual revenues, and employs approximately 2 people at this single location.









Sector:

Holding and Other Investment Offices



Category:

Trusts, nec



Industry:

Trusts, nec




SIC Code:

6733











Name:
SLM Student Loan Trust 2014-2


Year Founded:


2014






Location Type:
Single


Revenue:

$ 73,000



Employees:

2



Facility Size:

N/A



* Revenue & Employees are estimates









Demographics for Zipcode 20190






Percentage Population



12,644
White
1,848
Hispanic
2,271
Black
2,447
Asian
173
Native American
26
Hawaiian
790
Other


72.1 %
White
10.5 %
Hispanic
13.0 %
Black
14.0 %
Asian
1.0 %
Native American
0.1 %
Hawaiian
4.5 %
Other













Population




Population 
17,529




Female52.0%9,120


Male48.0%8,409




Median Age

37.9




Female39.1


Male36.7






























Questions & Answers









How long has SLM Student Loan Trust 2014-2 been in business?





SLM Student Loan Trust 2014-2 has been in business for approximately 3 years.







How many people work at SLM Student Loan Trust 2014-2?





SLM Student Loan Trust 2014-2 has approximately 2 employees at this location.







Are there other companies located at 12061 Bluemont Way, Reston, VA?





There are 15 commercial tenants at 12061 Bluemont Way, Reston, VA.









What are the annual sales for SLM Student Loan Trust 2014-2?





SLM Student Loan Trust 2014-2 generates approximately $73,000 in annual sales.







Where is SLM Student Loan Trust 2014-2 located?





SLM Student Loan Trust 2014-2 is located at 12061 Bluemont Way, Reston, VA 20190.







Is there a key contact at SLM Student Loan Trust 2014-2?





You can contact SLM Student Loan Trust 2014-2 at (703) 810-3000







What is the phone number for SLM Student Loan Trust 2014-2?





The phone number for SLM Student Loan Trust 2014-2 is (703) 810-3000







How big is SLM Student Loan Trust 2014-2?





SLM Student Loan Trust 2014-2 is estimated to generate $73,000 in annual revenues, and employs approximately 2 people at this location.










 

































Generate 
More Revenue 
with 
Buzzfile 











Uncover and contact more high-value prospects in less time than with any other resource





Information on 18 million companies, 50 million contacts, 6 million buildings & 18,000 industries





Complete list of businesses in any building





Advanced search, filtering and list-building





































Nearby Resources









                        Restaurant
                    




                        Coffee
                    




                        Parking
                    






                        Hotel
                    




                        Taxi
                    




                        Pharmacy
                    






                        Bank
                    




                        Gas
                    




                        Grocery
                    


















Statistics for Zipcode 20190






Average House Value


                                $ 414,100
                            



Average Household Income


                                $ 92,830
                            



Number of Households

8,644



Persons per Household

2.00













Number of Businesses

2,592



Number of Employees

42,510



Land Area (square miles)

4.510



Water Area (square miles)

0.100



















×
Save as List






List Name





Classification

General Interest
Personal
Prospect
Trade / Industry




List Type

Companies
Places
Contacts




Description





Upload Image




X



Who can access this list?



Public - Everyone can view and edit (appears in search results)





Pre-approve members with following email domain(s):

Domains





Add







Remove





Can members edit this list?



                                    Yes
                                




                                    No
                                




                                        I will decide for each user / group
                                    



Username





Add








Remove












                                                Location
                                            







                                                    This list covers companies throughout the entire U.S.
                                                




                                                    This list covers a specific geographic area (you can select more than one state, city…)
                                                


City






County






State






Zipcode





Area Code





Add





Type
Criteria







Remove











                                                Sector, Category & Industry
                                            





                                                Control the types of companies that can be added to this list.
                                            

Sector

 



Category

 



Industry

 



SIC Code

 



Add





Type
Criteria







Remove



























Add to List






Add to Existing List












Create a new list



Cancel
Save
















×
Sign In




Not a member? Register Now 




Username





Password











                                        Remember me
                                    


Forgot Password?

















×
Subscriber Not Found




Not a subscriber? Contact Buzzfile Now.



                        We could not locate a subscriber with that email or username.
                        Try signing in with a different username or email, or Telecom support at [email protected] or 212-913-9151.
                    




Username





Password





















Remove Company Confirmation



I confirm that I, , with email address  am an owner, employee or representative, with authorization to approve the removal of the profile for:




I authorize Buzzfile to release my contact and other pertinent information to the necessary parties should this removal be contested.
I am requesting to remove this company profile.


Dear , 
Your request to remove the company profile has been denied for:




You are only permitted to claim ownership and remove one company profile. You have previously claimed ownership and removed the profile for:




You can contact us at [email protected] with any questions.



Cancel


















About Us


Partnerships


Terms of Use


Privacy Policy


Remove Company


Contact Us







 
 






















 
 




        Copyright © 2017 Buzzfile Media LLC. All Rights Reserved.
    

            45 Broadway, Ste 1420, New York, NY 10006
        












×
Error








Close










Alert






Close






























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 















SLM Student Loan Trust 2014-2 Credit Rating - Moody's






















































Yes
No





























About Moody'sCareersRegulatory AffairsTerms of UseContact UsAbout Moody'sCompany OverviewInvestor RelationsMedia RelationsCorporate Social ResponsibilityAlumni













GO






































There are too many sessions currently in use on this account















Log In




Cancel


































Research & Ratings

OverviewRatings NewsRating MethodologiesRatings DisclosuresRatings PerformanceRegulatory AffairsCode of Professional ConductSector in DepthLook Up a RatingFind an AnalystInteractive ChartsMarket SegmentCorporatesFinancial InstitutionsStructured FinanceManaged InvestmentsInfrastructure & Project FinanceSovereign & SupranationalSub-SovereignU.S. Public FinanceRegionNorth AmericaLatin America & CaribbeanEurope, Middle East & AfricaAsia PacificResearch TypeIssuer ResearchIndustry / Sector ResearchMethodologyCapital Markets ResearchDefault & Ratings AnalyticsEconomic ResearchData ReportsPolitical / Economic GroupEmerging MarketsEuropean UnionAsia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC)Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN)Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS)EurozoneGulf Cooperation CouncilMercosurOrganisation for Economic Co-operation and Development  (OECD)Credit PolicyRating MethodologiesRequests for CommentThe Commercial GroupHow to Get RatedRatings DefinitionsRatings Policy & Approach



Products & Solutions

OverviewProducts Listing by A - ZMoody's AnalyticsMoody's Pricing & Valuations ToolsMoody's Advisory ServicesMoody's Economy.comMoody’s Training & CertificationSolutionsAsset and Liability Management SolutionsCredit Origination SolutionsCredit Risk SolutionsData SolutionsEconomic SolutionsInsurance SolutionsInvestment & Pensions SolutionsLearning Solutions and CertificationsPortfolio Management SolutionsRegulatory and Accounting SolutionsStructured Finance SolutionsAccess ProductsCredit Risk CalculatorCredit Transition ModelCredit TrendsCreditEdge®Default Recovery Database (DRD)Default Risk Service - StructuredFund MonitoringLossCalc™Market Implied Ratings (MIR®)Moody's Financial Metrics™Moody's Project Finance ScorecardMoody's Quantitative Ratings Estimator (QRATE)Municipal Financial Ratio AnalysisRatings InteractiveRiskCalc™



News & Events

OverviewRatings NewsEventsTraining EventsTopics





Log In
Register







            Log In 

            Please log in for full access to your permissions. Password is case sensitive.











                    User Name:





                    Password:









                Automatically log me in when I return





                Log In





                Forgot your Username or Password?




        Or Log In using:

























Please Note


We brought you to this page based on your search query. If this isn't what you are looking for, you can continue to Search Results for ""
















The maximum number of items you can export is 3,000.
  Please reduce your list by using the filtering tool to the left.









Close








































































Back to Previous Page



















Please Log In to access this content






Registered User


        Please log in for full access to your permissions. Password is case sensitive.








            User Name:





            Password:








            Automatically log me in when I return



            Log In





            Forgot your Username or Password?



        Or Log In using:
    







Not Registered Yet?

Register now to get FREE access to:
Issuer Ratings.
Ratings on over 170,000 corporate, government and structured finance securities.
Events Calendar.
Information about training seminars, briefings, and teleconferences.
Watchlists.
Listings of issuers under review for rating changes.
Rating Methodologies.
Descriptive frameworks underlying Moody's ratings.

 

Register Now

















SLM Student Loan Trust 2014-2

Moody's Org ID:723797254







Moody's Org ID:723797254

Market Segment:Structured Finance > ABS > Student Loans...>> > FFELP <<







Please Log In to view this content.



















                                    Research



                                    Ratings



                                    Related Parties







                            Go to Student Loan ABS Industry Page
                        









    Deal Research


    Industry Research


    Performance


    Related Parties Research


    Methodology






Results 
        1 - 11
Of 
        11


 
        Page 
        
        1
Of 
        1 
        






                Filter By:
            


Document Type - All
Announcement
New Issue Report
Pre-Sale Report
Rating Action
SEC Rule 17g-7 Report of R&Ws


Source - All
Moody's Investors Service







Date
    
    



Document Type
    



                        Title
                    

                        Source
                    




                    17 Feb 2017
                

                    Announcement
                













                                    Moody's: No ratings impact on SLM student loan trusts following amendment of the limited liability company operating agreement





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    16 Sep 2016
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's takes rating actions on 31 Navient FFELP securitizations





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    14 Jun 2016
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's announces rating actions on student loan ABS backed by FFELP student loans following the update of its rating methodology





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    15 Jan 2015
                

                    Announcement
                













                                    Moody's: No rating impact on Navient FFELP student loan deals following merger of seller entities





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    05 May 2014
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's affirms ratings of 475 classes of notes issued in Sallie Mae's FFELP and private student loan securitizations





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    27 Mar 2014
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's assigns definitive ratings to SLM Student Loan Trust 2014-2





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    27 Mar 2014
                

                    New Issue Report
                













                                    SLM Student Loan Trust 2014-2





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    27 Mar 2014
                

                    SEC Rule 17g-7 Report of R&Ws
                













                                    SLM Student Loan Trust 2014-2 Deal v1.1 Compared To Student Loans v1.0





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    17 Mar 2014
                

                    Pre-Sale Report
                













                                    SLM Student Loan Trust 2014-2





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    17 Mar 2014
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's assigns provisional ratings to SLM Student Loan Trust 2014-2





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    17 Mar 2014
                

                    SEC Rule 17g-7 Report of R&Ws
                













                                    SLM Student Loan Trust 2014-2 Deal v1.0 Compared To Student Loans v1.0





                    Moody's Investors Service
                





Results 
        1 - 11
Of 
        11


 
        Page 
        
        1
Of 
        1 
        
















                6The rating history for this credit rating accurately reflects the current status of the (sf) indicator but, due to technical limitations, does not accurately reflect the (sf) indicator history. Please visit the Research tab to view the press release(s) announcing when the (sf) indicator was added or removed.


For credit ratings that are derived exclusively from an existing credit rating of a program, series, category/class of debt, support provider or primary rated entity, or that replace a previously assigned provisional rating at the same rating level, Moody’s publishes a rating announcement on that series, category/class of debt or program as a whole, on the support provider or primary rated entity, or on the provisional rating, but often does not publish a specific rating announcement on each subsequent bond or note for which the credit rating is derived from the existing credit rating. Rating announcements are usually press releases classified as Rating Actions on www.moodys.com. Please refer to the Research tab on the issuer/entity page for the rating announcement.
















Moody's Integrity Hotline
EU

001-800-506-1440
Japan

KDDI: 00-539-111 then 888-320-1668
NTT: 0034-811-001 then 888-320-1668
Outside of the EU and Japan

1-866-330-MDYS (6397)



Browse By
HomeResearch & RatingsProducts & SolutionsNews & EventsCareers


Contact Us
Help & SupportContact UsSubmit a Complaint


Terms & Conditions
Terms of UsePrivacy PolicyProprietary Rights





            © 2017 Moody's Investors Service, Inc., Moody’s Analytics, Inc. and/or their affiliates and licensors. All rights reserved.
        

           Regional Sites:
            
GlobalArgentinaAsiaAustraliaBoliviaBrazilCanadaCEEChinaCzech RepublicCISEMEAFranceGermanyIndonesiaIndiaItalyJapanKoreaMexicoMiddle EastPolandSouth AfricaSpainTurkeyTaiwanUruguay

































































































Slm Student Loan Trust 2014-2, Supplemental Indenture No. 1 Of 2016 - Addendum Or Modifications - Free Search.
















 


















                 You are here: Agreements   > Addendum or Modifications     > SLM STUDENT LOAN TRUST 2014-2, SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE NO. 1 OF 2016

 
Search Documents | Browse Documents











SITE SEARCH


AGREEMENTS / CONTRACTS






Document Title:



Entire Document:(optional)



Governing Law(optional)

AllAlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareFlorida
                            GeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMaryland
                            MassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevada
                            New HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahoma
                            OregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtah
                            VermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming 






Try our advanced search >>

CLAUSES
Search Contract Clauses >>
Browse Contract Clause Library>>

















Slm Student Loan Trust 2014-2, Supplemental Indenture No. 1 Of 2016
Addendum or Modifications



You are currently viewing:
 This Addendum or Modifications involves NAVIENT FUNDING, LLC | Deutsche Bank National Trust Company | Deutsche Bank Trust Company. RealDealDocs™ contains millions of easily searchable legal documents and clauses from top law firms. Search for free - click here.  
                  



Title: SLM STUDENT LOAN TRUST 2014-2, SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE NO. 1 OF 2016 Governing Law: New York      Date: 4/18/2016 









Preview

Edit & Save 

Related Documents 



50 of the Top 250 law firms use our Products every day














SLM STUDENT LOAN TRUST 2014-2,
SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE NO. 1 OF 2016
,

 


dated as of April 18, 2016,


to


 


INDENTURE dated as of March 27, 2014


 


among


 


SLM STUDENT LOAN TRUST 2014-2,
as Issuer,


 

DEUTSCHE BANK TRUST COMPANY AMERICAS,
not in its individual capacity but solely as the
Eligible Lender Trustee

 

and

 

DEUTSCHE BANK NATIONAL TRUST COMPANY,
not in its individual capacity but solely as the
Indenture Trustee
 










This SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE NO. 1
OF 2016, dated as of April 18, 2016 (this “
Amendment ”), is to:



(1)   the
INDENTURE, dated as of March 27, 2014 (the “
Indenture ”), among SLM Student Loan Trust
2014-2, as Issuer (the “ Issuer ”),
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas (“ DBTCA
”), as eligible lender trustee (the “ Eligible
Lender Trustee ”), and Deutsche Bank National Trust
Company (“ DBNTC ”), as indenture trustee
(the “ Indenture Trustee ”).



W I T N E S S E T
H



WHEREAS, the Issuer desires to
amend the Indenture to amend two of the definitions contained
therein;



WHEREAS, Section 9.2 of the
Indenture permits supplemental indentures to the Indenture with the
consent of the Noteholders of at least a majority of the
Outstanding Amount of all of the Notes for the purpose of
adding any provisions to, or changing in any manner or eliminating
any of the provisions of, the Indenture or of modifying in any
manner the rights of the Noteholders under the Indenture; provided
that the consent of each affected Noteholder is required to, among
other things, extend the maturity date of a class of
notes;




WHEREAS, Section 4.1 of the
Amended And Restated Trust Agreement, dated as of March 27, 2014,
among Navient Funding, LLC (formerly known as SLM Funding LLC), as
the Depositor (the “ Depositor ”), the
Eligible Lender Trustee, DBNTC, not in its individual capacity but
solely as the Indenture Trustee, Excess Distribution Certificate
Paying Agent and Excess Distribution Certificate Registrar and
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Delaware, not in its individual
capacity but solely as Delaware Trustee, permits the amendment of
the Indenture by a supplemental indenture with the prior consent of
the Excess Distribution Certificateholders in circumstances where
the consent of any Noteholder is required;


WHEREAS, the consents of
outstanding Noteholders and Excess Distribution Certificateholders
identified on the executed consent attached hereto as Exhibit A
have been obtained; and



WHEREAS, the Opinions of Counsel
referred to in Sections 9.3 and 11.1 of the Indenture
are being delivered simultaneously herewith.



NOW, THEREFORE, the parties hereto
agree as follows:



SECTION 1.   Defined
Terms .



For purposes of this Amendment,
unless the context clearly requires otherwise, all capitalized
terms which are used but not otherwise defined herein shall have
the respective meanings assigned to such terms in Appendix A to the
Indenture, as hereby amended.



1







 



SECTION 2.  Amendment and
Modifications to the Indenture .



(a)            
Appendix A to the Indenture is hereby amended by deleting
the definitions of “Class A-3 Maturity Date” and
“Class B Maturity Date” in their entirety and replacing
them with the following:



                “
Class A-3 Maturity Date ” means the March 2055
Distribution Date.



               
“ Class B Maturity Date ” means the January 2072
Distribution Date.



SECTION 3.  Additional
Amendments and Modifications to the Indenture .  Pursuant
to Section 9.6 of the Indenture, the Issuer has determined
that a new amended and restated note for each of the Class A-3
Notes and Class B Notes, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B,
is required to conform to the amendment set forth herein, and the
Indenture Trustee is authorized and directed to cancel the original
Outstanding Class A-3 Note and the original Outstanding Class B
Note and authenticate and deliver the replacement notes in exchange
for Outstanding Class A-3 Notes and Outstanding Class B Notes, as
applicable.



SECTION 4.  Effect of
Amendment .  On April 18, 2016 (the “
Effective Date ”), the amendment and
modifications to the Indenture set forth herein shall be, and shall
be deemed to be, effective in accordance herewith and, in each
case, the respective rights, limitations, obligations, duties,
liabilities and immunities of the respective parties thereto and
hereto shall hereafter be determined, exercised and enforced
subject in all respects to such modifications and amendment, and
all the terms and conditions of this Amendment shall be deemed to
be part of the respective terms and conditions of the Indenture for
any and all purposes; provided, however, that prior to execution of
this Amendment on the Effective Date, none of the terms and
provisions of this Amendment shall be applicable to the
Indenture.  Except as modified and expressly amended by this
Amendment, the Indenture is in all respects ratified and confirmed,
and all the terms, provisions and conditions thereof shall be and
remain in full force and effect.



SECTION 5.  Governing
Law . THE TERMS OF THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN
ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, WITHOUT
REFERENCE TO ITS CONFLICT OF LAW PROVISIONS (OTHER THAN
§5-1401 OF THE NEW YORK GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW), AND THE
OBLIGATIONS, RIGHTS AND REMEDIES OF THE PARTIES HEREUNDER SHALL BE
DETERMINED IN ACCORDANCE WITH SUCH LAWS.



SECTION 6.  Waiver of Jury
Trial . EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES,
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL
RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR
RELATING TO THIS AMENDMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED
HEREBY.



SECTION 7.  Section
Headings .  The section headings herein are for
convenience of reference only, and shall not limit or otherwise
affect the meaning hereof.



SECTION 8.  Separate
Counterparts .  This Amendment may be executed by the
parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so
executed and delivered shall be an original, but all such
counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same
instrument.



2







 



SECTION 9.  Continuing
Effect . Except as expressly amended by this Amendment, the
Indenture shall remain in full force and effect in accordance with
its terms.



SECTION 10.  References to
Indenture . From and after the date set forth above, all
references to the Indenture in each applicable Underwriting
Agreement, Trust Agreement, Servicing Agreement, Subservicing
Agreement, Administration Agreement, Sub-Administration Agreement,
Sale Agreement, Purchase Agreement, Guarantee Agreements,
Depository Agreement, Custody Agreement, any applicable Note or any
other applicable document executed or delivered in connection
therewith shall be deemed a reference to the Indenture, as amended
hereby, unless the context expressly requires otherwise.



SECTION 11.  Severability
of Provisions . If any one or more of the covenants,
agreements, provisions or terms of this Amendment shall be for any
reason whatsoever held invalid, then such covenants, agreements,
provisions or terms shall be deemed severable from the remaining
covenants, agreements, provisions or terms of this Amendment, and
shall in no way affect the validity or enforceability of the other
provisions of this Amendment or of the applicable Notes or the
rights of the applicable Noteholders thereof.



SECTION 12.  Binding Nature
of Amendment; Assignment . This Amendment shall be binding upon
and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective
successors and permitted assigns and all current and future
Noteholders.



SECTION 13.  The Indenture
Trustee and the Eligible Lender Trustee.



(a)   In
executing this Amendment, each of the Issuer, the Eligible Lender
Trustee and the Indenture Trustee shall have the respective rights,
protections, privileges, immunities and indemnities given to it
under the Indenture. Neither the Eligible Lender Trustee nor the
Indenture Trustee makes any representation or warranty as to the
validity or sufficiency of this Amendment, nor to the recitals
contained herein.



(b)   Notwithstanding anything contained herein or in
any other related document to the contrary, this Amendment has been
signed by Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, not in its
individual capacity but solely as Eligible Lender Trustee under the
Amended And Restated Trust Agreement relating to the Issuer and in
no event shall Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas in its
individual capacity or as Eligible Lender Trustee have any
liability for the representations, warranties, covenants,
agreements or other obligations of the Issuer hereunder or in any
of the certificates, notices or agreements delivered pursuant
hereto as to all of which recourse shall be had solely to the
assets of the Issuer.



(c)   Notwithstanding anything contained herein or in
any other related document to the contrary, this Amendment has been
signed by Deutsche Bank National Trust Company, not in its
individual capacity but solely as Indenture Trustee under the
Indenture relating to the Issuer and in no event shall Deutsche
Bank National Trust Company in its individual capacity or as
Indenture Trustee have any liability for the representations,
warranties, covenants, agreements or other obligations of the
Issuer hereunder or in any of the certificates, notices or
agreements delivered pursuant hereto as to all of which recourse
shall be had solely to the assets of the Issuer.



3







 



SECTION 14.  Excess
Distribution Certificateholder Consent and Direction
.   Navient Funding, LLC hereby: (i) certifies that it
owns 100% of the Excess Distribution Certificate issued by the
Issuer; (ii) certifies that it consents to this Amendment in all
respects; and (iii) instructs and directs Deutsche Bank Trust
Company Americas, as Eligible Lender Trustee, to execute and
deliver this Amendment in the name of the Issuer.  In
addition, Navient Funding, LLC, as the sole Excess Distribution
Certificateholder of the Issuer, hereby irrevocably waives any
rights it may have under any Basic Document (as defined in the
Indenture) to receive prior notice of the substance of this
Amendment.



SECTION 15.  Issuer
Order .  Pursuant to Section 9.2 of the Indenture, Navient
Solutions, Inc. as Administrator of the Issuer and on behalf of
such Issuer, hereby directs and instructs Deutsche Bank National
Trust Company, as Indenture Trustee, to execute and deliver this
Amendment, and directs and instructs Deutsche Bank Trust Company
Americas, as Eligible Lender Trustee, to execute and deliver this
Amendment in the name of the Issuer.  The Administrator hereby
confirms that it has provided prior written notice of this
Amendment to the applicable Rating Agencies and any other required
Persons within the time frames required under the Indenture and the
Amended and Restated Trust Agreement.  The parties hereto
agree that such notice shall be deemed to satisfy any provision
requiring notice of this Amendment to be sent by the Eligible
Lender Trustee.



 



[SIGNATURE PAGES FOLLOW]



4







IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have caused this Supplemental Indenture No. 1 of 2016 to be
duly executed and delivered by their respective duly authorized
officers as of the day and year first written above.



 




 


SLM STUDENT LOAN TRUST 2014-2, as
Issuer




 


 




 


By:       Deutsche
Bank Trust Company Americas, not in its individual capacity but
solely as Eligible Lender Trustee




 


 


 




 


 


 




 


By:


  /s/ Michele H.Y.
Voon                                 




 


 


Name: Michele H.Y. Voon




 


 


Title:   Vice President




 


 


 




 


 


 




 


By:


/s/ Susan
Barstock                                       




 


 


Name: Susan Barstock




 


 


Title:   Vice President




 


 


 




 


 


 




 


DEUTSCHE BANK NATIONAL TRUST COMPANY, not in its
individual capacity but solely as Indenture Trustee




 


 


 




 


By:


  /s/ Michele H.Y.
Voon                                 




 


 


Name: Michele H.Y. Voon




 


 


Title:   Vice President




 


 


 




 


By:


/s/ Susan
Barstock                                       




 


 


Name: Susan Barstock




 


 


Title:   Vice President





 



 



5






EXHIBIT A


 


Consent


 




Each of the undersigned parties
hereby consents, as of April 18, 2016, to the amendment of the
INDENTURE, dated as of March 27, 2014 (the “
Indenture ”), among SLM Student Loan Trust
2014-2, as Issuer (the “ Issuer ”),
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas (“ DBTCA
”), as eligible lender trustee (the “ Eligible
Lender Trustee ”), and Deutsche Bank National Trust
Company (“ DBNTC ”), as indenture trustee
(the “ Indenture Trustee ”), as amended
from time to time, in substantially the form attached hereto as
Annex A.


The Indenture is being amended to
amend two of the definitions contained therein.



Ratings
Considerations :  Each of the undersigned parties
understands that no assurance can be provided regarding the impact
that the adoption of the amendment will have on the ratings of the
Notes.  As required by the Indenture, the Issuer has provided
prior written notice of the terms of the amendment to each Rating
Agency currently rating the Notes. However, no Rating Agency
confirmation or affirmation of the ratings of the Notes has been
sought or given.  As a result, it is not certain what impact
the adoption of the amendment will have on a Rating Agency’s
decision to add the Notes to or remove the Notes from its negative
watch list for possible downgrade or to downgrade the current
ratings of the Notes.



Further, we have been advised that
it is possible that a Rating Agency may view the adoption of this
amendment as a restructuring of a distressed debt instrument. 
One potential result of this designation would be to cause a
ratings downgrade of the Notes (to reflect the distressed debt
element of their analysis) followed by an upgrade of the rating of
the Notes (to address the restructuring of the Notes).



U.S. Federal Income Tax
Considerations . 
Each of the undersigned parties understands that the adoption of
the amendment may have adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences
to the Noteholders, and the undersigned parties will rely on advice
from their own tax advisors on this matter.  The discussion
below is general in nature and does not address all of the tax
consequences of the adoption of the amendment that may be relevant
to Noteholders.




Although we believe that the
adoption of the amendment will not adversely affect the tax
characterization of the Notes as indebtedness for U.S. federal
income tax purposes, certain adverse tax consequences could apply
to holders if the adoption of the amendment resulted in the Notes
being treated as equity for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
For a further discussion of  the adverse tax consequences to
Noteholders if the Notes were treated as equity for U.S. federal
income tax purposes, see “ U.S. Federal Income Tax
Consequences—Tax Consequences to Holders of Notes In
General—Treatment of the Notes as Indebtedness ” in
the Base Prospectus dated March 17, 2014 (the “ Base
Prospectus ”).


The deferral of the stated maturity
date pursuant to the amendment may be treated as a significant
modification of the Notes for U.S. federal income tax purposes
resulting in a deemed exchange.  If the amendment results in a
significant modification and a deemed exchange of “Old
Notes” for “New Notes,” U.S. Noteholders will
recognize gain or loss upon the deemed exchange unless the exchange
qualifies as a tax-free recapitalization.  Although the matter
is not free from doubt, we intend to treat the deemed exchange as
such a recapitalization. If the deemed exchange is a



1







 



tax-free recapitalization, a
Noteholder’s tax basis in the New Notes received pursuant to
a deemed exchange generally will equal the holder’s tax basis
in the Old Notes.



If the amendment results in a
significant modification, the issue price of the New Notes will
depend on whether the New Notes and the Old Notes are properly
characterized as “traded on an established market”
(hereinafter “publicly-traded”) within the meaning of
Treas. Reg. § 1.1273-2(f)(1).  We expect the New
Class A-3 Notes should be characterized as publicly traded and the
New Class B Notes should not be characterized as publicly traded,
and we expect, and the remainder of this discussion assumes, that
the stated interest on the New Notes will meet the requirements for
“adequate stated interest” under the Treasury
Regulations.  Consequently, the issue price of the New Class
A-3 Notes should be the fair market value of the New Class A-3
Notes on the date of the deemed exchange ( i.e. , on the
date the amendment becomes effective), and the issue price of the
New Class B Notes should be the “stated principal
amount” of the New Class B Notes.



A New Note received in the deemed
exchange will be treated as having been issued with original issue
discount (“OID”) for U.S. federal income tax purposes
if the New Note’s “stated principal amount”
exceeds the issue price of the New Notes by more than the
statutorily defined de minimis amount.  In light of the
current trading prices for the Notes, there is a significant
likelihood that the New Class A-3 Notes will be treated as
re-issued with OID.  For a further discussion of the treatment
of OID, see “ U.S. Federal Income Tax
Consequences—Tax Consequences to Holders of Notes In
General—Original Issue Discount ” in the Base
Prospectus.



If the deemed exchange qualifies as
a recapitalization and a Noteholder’s initial tax basis in
the New Notes exceeds their stated principal amount, the holder
will be considered to have acquired the New Notes with amortizable
bond premium.  In addition, for any Noteholder that acquired
Old Notes with market discount, any gain recognized on the deemed
exchange will be treated as ordinary income to the extent of the
market discount accrued during its period of ownership, unless such
holder previously elected to include market discount in income as
it accrued for U.S. federal income tax purposes.  Assuming the
deemed exchange qualifies as a recapitalization, in a deemed
exchange of Old Notes with market discount for New Notes, the New
Notes will be treated as acquired with market discount if the issue
price of the New Notes exceeds the holder’s initial tax basis
for such New Notes by more than a de minimis amount, and any
accrued market discount with respect to the Old Notes generally
should carry over to such New Notes.  For a further discussion
of amortizable bond premium and market discount, see “
U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences—Tax Consequences to
Holders of Notes In General—Market Discount ” and
“ U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences—Tax
Consequences to Holders of Notes In General—Amortizable Bond
Premium ” in the Base Prospectus.



Noteholders are urged to consult
with their own tax advisors regarding the U.S. federal income tax
consequences of the adoption of the amendment.



NOTEHOLDERS ARE HEREBY NOTIFIED
THAT EXECUTED AND DELIVERED CONSENTS ARE IRREVOCABLE PRIOR TO THE
EXPIRATION OF THE CONSENT PERIOD (INCLUDING ANY ONE-TIME EXTENSION
THEREOF MADE AT THE SOLE DISCRETION OF THE
ADMINISTRATOR).



 



 [SIGNATURE PAGES
FOLLOW]



2







 



CONSENTED TO BY:




 


NAVIENT FUNDING, LLC, as Excess Distribution
Certificateholder




 


 


 




 


 


 




 


By:


__________________________________




 


 


Name:




 


 


Title:





 



3







 



CLASS A-3
NOTEHOLDERS



 



CONSENTED TO BY:




 


                                                                             
,




 


as beneficial owner of
$                                       




 


Original Principal Balance of SLM Student Loan
Trust 2014-2, Student Loan Asset-Backed




 


Notes, Class A-3 bearing:
 




 


CUSIP Number: 78448GAC4




 


ISIN: US78448GAC42




 


European Common Code: 104962173




 


 




 


By:
                                                                        




 


       Name:




 


       Title:




 


 




 


 




 


 




 


 




 


DTC Participant Number:
                                       





 



 



 


Dated:  April 18,
2016


 


The Class A-3 Notes were issued in
minimum denominations of $100,000 and increments of $1,000 in
excess thereof. Executed consents, by PDF, email or other
electronic method should be sent prior to Expiration Date of the
consent period (with an original signed page to follow) to the
attention of the Indenture Trustee at:


 


Deutsche Bank National Trust
Company,

100 Plaza One, 6th Floor, MS:
JCY03-0699

Jersey City, New Jersey
07311-3901

Attention: Institutional Cash &
Securities Services (ICSS)

Email:
michele.hy.voon@db.com


 


NOTEHOLDERS ARE HEREBY NOTIFIED THAT
EXECUTED AND DELIVERED CONSENTS ARE IRREVOCABLE PRIOR TO THE
EXPIRATION OF THE CONSENT PERIOD (INCLUDING ANY ONE-TIME EXTENSION
THEREOF MADE AT THE SOLE DISCRETION OF THE
ADMINISTRATOR).


4







 



CLASS B
NOTEHOLDERS



 



CONSENTED TO BY:




 


                                                                             
,




 


as beneficial owner of
$                                       




 


Original Principal Balance of SLM Student Loan
Trust 2014-2, Student Loan Asset-Backed




 


Notes, Class B bearing:
 




 


CUSIP Number: 78448GAD2




 


ISIN:
US78448GAD25




 


European Common Code: 104962211




 


 




 


By:
                                                                        




 


       Name:




 


       Title:




 


 




 


 




 


 




 


 




 


DTC Participant Number:
                                       





 



 



 


Dated:  April 18,
2016


 


The Class B Notes were issued in
minimum denominations of $100,000 and increments of $1,000 in
excess thereof. Executed consents, by PDF, email or other
electronic method should be sent prior to Expiration Date of the
consent period (with an original signed page to follow) to the
attention of the Indenture Trustee at:


 


Deutsche Bank National Trust
Company,

100 Plaza One, 6th Floor, MS:
JCY03-0699

Jersey City, New Jersey
07311-3901

Attention: Institutional Cash &
Securities Services (ICSS)

Email:
michele.hy.voon@db.com


 


NOTEHOLDERS ARE HEREBY NOTIFIED THAT
EXECUTED AND DELIVERED CONSENTS ARE IRREVOCABLE PRIOR TO THE
EXPIRATION OF THE CONSENT PERIOD (INCLUDING ANY ONE-TIME EXTENSION
THEREOF MADE AT THE SOLE DISCRETION OF THE
ADMINISTRATOR).


5







 


Annex A


 


[Form of Supplemental Indenture
No. 1 of 2016]


 



 



6







 



EXHIBIT B



FORM OF AMENDED & RESTATED
CLASS A-3 NOTE



SEE REVERSE FOR CERTAIN
DEFINITIONS



Unless this Note is presented by an
authorized representative of The Depository Trust Company, a New
York corporation (“DTC”), to the Issuer (as defined
below) or its agent for registration of transfer, exchange or
payment, and any Note issued is registered in the name of Cede
& Co. or in such other name as is requested by an authorized
representative of DTC (and any payment is made to Cede & Co. or
to such other entity as is requested by an authorized
representative of DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF
FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL inasmuch as
the registered owner hereof, Cede & Co., has an interest
herein.



THE PRINCIPAL OF THIS NOTE IS
PAYABLE IN INSTALLMENTS AS SET FORTH HEREIN.  ACCORDINGLY, THE
OUTSTANDING PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF THIS NOTE AT ANY TIME MAY BE LESS
THAN THE AMOUNT SHOWN ON THE FACE HEREOF.  THIS NOTE IS NOT
GUARANTEED OR INSURED BY ANY GOVERNMENTAL AGENCY.





NUMBER


 


PRINCIPAL AMOUNT: 
[$500,000,000][$6,100,000]*




R-[1][2]*


 


CUSIP NO.:  78448GAC4




 


 


ISIN:  US78448GAC42




 


 


EUROPEAN COMMON CODE:  104962173




 


 


 




 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 


*Any Note with a Principal Amount in
excess of any multiple of $500,000,000 must be registered through
DTC at multiples thereof.


1







SLM STUDENT LOAN TRUST
2014-2


AMENDED AND RESTATED

FLOATING RATE CLASS A-3 STUDENT
LOAN-BACKED NOTES


 




SLM Student Loan Trust 2014-2, a
statutory trust organized and existing under the laws of the State
of Delaware (herein referred to as the “Issuer”), for
value received, hereby promises to pay to CEDE & CO., or
registered assigns, the principal sum of [FIVE HUNDRED MILLION AND
NO/100 DOLLARS][SIX MILLION, ONE HUNDRED THOUSAND AND NO/100
DOLLARS] ([$500,000,000][$6,100,000]) payable on each Distribution
Date in an amount equal to the result obtained by multiplying (i) a
fraction, the numerator of which is [$500,000,000][$6,100,000] and
the denominator of which is $506,100,000, by (ii) the aggregate
amount, if any, payable to the Class A-3 Noteholders on such
Distribution Date in respect of principal of the Notes pursuant to
Section 3.1 of the Indenture dated as of March 27, 2014 (the
“Indenture”), among the Issuer, Deutsche Bank Trust
Company Americas, a New York banking corporation, as Eligible
Lender Trustee on behalf of the Issuer, and Deutsche Bank National
Trust Company, a national banking association, as Indenture Trustee
(capitalized terms used but not defined herein being defined in
Appendix A to the Indenture, which also contains rules as to
usage that shall be applicable herein); provided ,
however , that the entire unpaid principal amount of this
Note shall be due and payable on the March 2055 Distribution Date
(the “Class A-3 Maturity Date”).


The Issuer shall pay interest on
this Note at the rate per annum equal to the Class A-3 Rate (as
defined on the reverse hereof), on each Distribution Date until the
principal of this Note is paid or made available for payment, on
the principal amount of this Note outstanding on the preceding
Distribution Date (after giving effect to all payments of principal
made on the preceding Distribution Date), subject to certain
limitations contained in Section 3.1 of the Indenture. 
Interest on this Note shall accrue from and including the
immediately preceding Distribution Date (or, in the case of the
first Accrual Period, the Closing Date) to but excluding the
following Distribution Date (each an “Accrual
Period”).  Interest shall be calculated on the basis of
the actual number of days elapsed in each Accrual Period divided by
360.  Such principal of and interest on this Note shall be
paid in the manner specified on the reverse hereof.



The principal of and interest on
this Note are payable in such coin or currency of the United States
of America as at the time of payment is legal tender for payment of
public and private debts.  All payments made by the Issuer
with respect to this Note shall be applied first to interest due
and payable on this Note as provided above and then to the unpaid
principal of this Note.



Reference is made to the further
provisions of this Note set forth on the reverse hereof, which
shall have the same effect as though fully set forth on the face of
this Note.



Unless the certificate of
authentication hereon has been executed by the Indenture Trustee
whose name appears below by manual signature, this Note shall not
be entitled to any benefit under the Indenture referred to on the
reverse hereof, or be valid or obligatory for any
purpose.



2







IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Issuer has
caused this instrument to be duly executed, manually or in
facsimile, as of the date set forth below.




 


SLM STUDENT LOAN TRUST 2014-2




 


 




 


By:


DEUTSCHE BANK TRUST COMPANY AMERICAS, not in its
individual capacity but solely as Eligible Lender Trustee under the
Trust Agreement




 


 


 




 


 


By:


                                                                          




 


 


 



Authorized Signatory






 



Date:  April 18,
2016



TRUSTEE’S CERTIFICATE OF
AUTHENTICATION



This is one of the Notes designated
above and referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture.




 


DEUTSCHE BANK NATIONAL TRUST COMPANY,




 


not in its individual capacity but solely as
Indenture Trustee




 


 




 


 




 


By:


                                                                          




 


 




Authorized Signatory






 



Date:  April 18,
2016



 



3







 



[REVERSE OF NOTE]



This Note is one of a duly
authorized issue of Notes of the Issuer, designated as its Floating
Rate Class A-3 Student Loan-Backed Notes (the “Class A-3
Notes”), together with the Floating Rate Class A-1 Student
Loan-Backed Notes (the “Class A-1 Notes”) and the
Floating Rate Class A-2 Student Loan-Backed Notes (the “Class
A-2 Notes” and, together with the Class A-1 Notes and the
Class A-3 Notes, the “Class A Notes”) which, together
with the Issuer’s Floating Rate Class B Student Loan-Backed
Notes (the “Class B Notes” and, together with the Class
A Notes, the “Notes”), are issued under and secured by
the Indenture, to which Indenture and all indentures supplemental
thereto reference is hereby made for a statement of the respective
rights and obligations thereunder of the Issuer, the Indenture
Trustee, the Eligible Lender Trustee and the Noteholders.  The
Notes are subject to all terms of the Indenture.




This Note is secured equally and
ratably with the Collateral pledged as security therefore as
provided in the Indenture.  On any Distribution Date, interest
on each Class A Note will be paid pari passu with all other Class A
Notes, and, thereafter, interest on the Class B Notes will be
paid.  On any Distribution Date, the principal on the Class A
Notes will be paid, first, to the Class A-1 Notes; second, to the
Class A-2 Notes; and third, to the Class A-3 Notes, up to the
applicable Class A Noteholders’ Principal Distribution
Amount. Thereafter, on any Distribution Date, principal on the
Class B Notes will be paid to the Class B Notes up to the
applicable Class B Noteholders’ Principal Distribution
Amount.  Payment priorities following the occurrence and
during the continuation of an Event of Default will change as
described in the Indenture.



Princi





 








 














	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































