    Laura Sloate | Perlman Music Program | ZoomInfo.com

NEW YORKERS & COMPANY -  What Did the C.E.O. Have for Breakfast? - NYTimes.com





























































Log In
Register Now
Help



Home Page
Today's Paper
Video
Most Popular



    Edition: U.S. / Global









Search All NYTimes.com










N.Y. / Region





World
 
U.S.
 
N.Y. / Region
 
Business
 
Technology
 
Science
 
Health
 
Sports
 
Opinion
 
Arts
 
Style
 
Travel
 
Jobs
 
Real Estate
 
Autos











NEW YORKERS & COMPANY
NEW YORKERS & COMPANY; What Did the C.E.O. Have for Breakfast?


By CONSTANCE L. HAYS


Published: September 4, 1994









                    LOTS of money managers have big corner offices high above midtown. But Laura J. Sloate may be the only one whose carpet is covered with dog hair.        

                    The shedding is the work of Quartz, her 19-month-old German shepherd, who is a finicky eater and her guide dog as of July. But the rest of the trappings -- the computers, the piles of research material, the elegant Eisenstadt photographs decorating one wall -- are the doing of Ms. Sloate. Though she has been blind since the age of 6, she has built up a successful firm that bears her name and manages $600 million in assets for wealthy individuals and institutional investors.        

                    "My personal philosophy is extreme conservatism, and she fits the bill," said Don Gruhn, who has held a seat on the New York Stock Exchange for 36 years and hired Ms. Sloate 17 years ago to manage several million dollars in accounts for him and his family. "There are a lot of gunslingers who do well in an up market and get destroyed in a down market," he says. "And Laura has never had bad, bad losses."        

                    Nothing, frankly, seems to get in her way. Her day begins at dawn with a run on 100 flights of stairs, up and down, in her Upper East Side apartment building. She has skimmed the headlines of eight newspapers by the time breakfast is over. She's fed the dog and bustled both of them into her chauffeured car to get to work by 8:30. Then it's 12 hours in the office, interrupted only to take Quartz for a walk around the block, often followed by dinner with one of her clients.        

                    She serves on half a dozen boards, both professional and philanthropic. In her spare time, she follows the National Football League on television (she's devoted to the New York Jets and the San Francisco 49ers), rides a tandem bicycle steered by members of the Columbia University men's track team, goes to the opera and museums and pursues interests like studying the Bible.        

                    "I have things to do 30 hours a day, and there's only 24," she says, not terribly lightly. "And I have to waste a certain amount of time sleeping."        

                    Her blindness, caused by detached retinas, is not something that she tends to dwell on. She has little patience for organizations that portray the blind as one more disadvantaged minority.        

                    "I really think that blind people are made a special category by society, and they want to be, because they can use it as an escape," she says. "But with a guide dog and some electronic equipment today, it's an equal playing field."        

                    Now 49, she chose a business renowned for its brutality, and she has been as tough as anyone else. At one point her nickname was Cobra. Last year, she had a falling-out with her brother, Martin, who had been a partner. She said they split over her decision to drop the firm's retail brokerage business, which she considered too small to justify the liability involved. They haven't spoken much since then.        

                    "I'm a perfectionist," Ms. Sloate says, "and I guess I'm pretty driven. I'm pretty tough on myself, too. But what is that saying? The person who loses well isn't really a winner?"        

                    Clients quickly learn not to suggest investments to her. She runs the show.        

                    "We feel she is extremely knowledgeable about the companies she looks at to invest in," said Brian K. Lavery, a senior financial analyst with Geo-Centers, a Newton, Mass.-based defense contractor who calls Ms. Sloate the most profitable of five money managers running the company's profit-sharing retirement plan. "She can tell you what the C.E.O. had for breakfast."        

                    Has she ever lost out because people didn't trust a blind person to manage their money? "I think so," she says. "Nobody's ever going to admit it. But I'm sure other people lose business because someone didn't like their personality, or didn't like their shirt."        

                    To accommodate her lack of eyesight, her office is equipped with a talking computer that chants the ticker tape in a fairly human sounding voice, and a digitalizer, which converts printed matter to computerspeak. Students tape-record more reading material, which she listens to day and night, and others who go over the newspapers with her every evening. She studies all this information to detect events and trends that might push prices up or down.        

                    "We can only guesstimate educationally and hope we're right," Ms. Sloate said.        

                    Sitting back in an upholstered leather chair, she has a certain raw-boned charm, and within minutes her supremely confident investing strategy has captured center stage. She likes drugstore chains at the moment.        

                    "These chains have become the delivery agent of the prescription benefit program," Ms. Sloate says.        

                    Then she rattles off reasons she expects their value to spiral upward: aging baby boomers will need more prescription drugs, especially as hospitals send people home earlier than they used to, and will buy them from the corner drugstore for the convenience.        

                    She has picked some winners in her time -- 24 in a row, at one point, which earned admiration from her peers -- and some losers, too. There was Avis, which she liked but which sank to $5 a share from $30, she says, in the 1970's after she recommended it to investors.        

                    In many ways, New York is uniquely accommodating to her life style. In snowstorms, she is able to board the Fifth Avenue bus for the trip downtown. "I wouldn't be able to do that in Los Angeles," she says.  She dines at restaurants like Coco Pazzo and Girasole, Quartz watching the world go by from beneath her table.        

                    "I ice skate, too," she says. "I could probably Rollerblade, but I've never tried it. I used to play basketball. I memorized where the basket was, and I sank 35 to 40 percent of my shots."        

                    She started out as a clerk in 1966, working for a mutual fund that folded a few months later. It was meant to be a one-time thing, a break from doctoral studies in American history at Columbia, but Ms. Sloate was hooked.        

                    She moved along to series of jobs, and then in 1974 with a friend, Neil Weisman, who had grown disenchanted with being a cog in a big firm, she began Sloate, Weisman, Murray & Company Mr. Weisman left the company on good terms in 1986.        

                    The point of her work, Ms. Sloate says, is to make money for her clients, although she makes plenty of it herself (she would not divulge her salary). She has set up a foundation, Hermione, that makes grants to causes like education and AIDS. "We did six figures this year," she says.        

                    "At a very early stage, you think your intelligence and success mean something," she said. "Over time, you find it doesn't mean that much. There are lots of other things in life."        

                    Photo: Laura Sloate has been hooked on investing since 1966. Her guide dog, Quartz, is new to 12-hour days at the office. (Catrina Genovese for The New York Times)        








 


















 
















































 

            Inside NYTimes.com        








Health &raquo 



Too Hot to Handle





Arts » 



The Harmony of Liberty




Opinion »
Should Beach Privatization Be Allowed?
Room for Debate asks whether shorefront homeowners should have to open their land to all comers.





Sports » 



A Woman’s Leadership May Steady Murray










Opinion » 



Menagerie: Streaming Eagles





U.S. »




Curlers’ Aim: Sweep to a Win Over the Heat





Television » 



The Cold War Brews Anew in Prime Time





Book Review » 



Command Performance





Opinion » 



Op-Ed: Fooling Mexican Fans





World »




Reading, Writing and Allegations




Opinion »
Op-Ed: Elite, Separate, Unequal
New York City’s top public schools must become more diverse.





Business »




Vice Has Media Giants Salivating



























 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Laura J. Sloate CFA: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 12:19 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Neuberger Berman BD LLC



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Laura J. Sloate CFAManaging Director, Neuberger Berman BD LLCAgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 0 Board Members in 0 different organizations across 1 different industries.----
Background

		Ms. Laura J. Sloate is currently employed at Neuberger Berman, LLC. She was previously the Chairman, Treasurer, Chief Investment Officer, and Director of Research at Sloate Weisman. Prior to co-founding Sloate Weisman in 1974, Ms. Sloate had been employed at Neuberger Berman and Drexel, Burham. She began her career in 1968 as a Security Analyst at Scheinman, Hochstin & Trotta. Ms. Sloate is active with the Metropolitan Opera Association and Central Synagogue, and is ... a member of the Board of Directors of the Richard Tucker Music Foundation. She is also a Member of the New York Society of Security Analysts. Ms. Sloate received her bachelor's degree from Barnard and her master's degree from Columbia. She is a C.F.A. charter holder.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
605 Third AvenueNew York, New York 10158-0180United StatesPhone: 800-223-6448Fax: 212-476-9862
Board Members Memberships
				There is no Board Members Memberships data available.
				Education
				There is no Education data available.
				Other Affiliations
New Street Capital CorporationSloate, Weisman, Murray & Company, Inc.


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Neuberger Berman BD LLC, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close






























Laura J Sloate in New York, NY 10021 - ChamberofCommerce.com




   =     


        









Sign Up
Sign In
Contact Us


 














Search
 

near
 













Home
» New York
» New York
» Property Managers
» Laura J Sloate








 





Laura J Sloate


0 Reviews

0.0000 stars - based on 0 reviews
                            





35 E 75th st Apt 16C  New York, New York 10021


(212) 288-9584


 



 

Print |
                Save |
                Directions


About
Laura J Sloate is located at the address 35 E 75th st Apt 16C in New York, New York 10021.  They can be contacted via phone at (212) 288-9584 for pricing, hours and directions.  Laura J Sloate specializes in Kitchens, Rural Property, Furniture.  Laura J Sloate has an annual sales volume of 501K - 999,999.  .Laura J Sloate provides Apartment Locating, Long-Term, Facilities Management to it's customers.  For maps and directions to Laura J Sloate view the map to the right.  For reviews of Laura J Sloate see below.









Business Features

SERVICES


Apartment Locating
, Long-Term
, Market Analysis
, Commercial Services
, Planning
, Acquisition
, Analysis
, Property Sales
, Appraisals
, Facilities Management


 SPECIALTIES


Land Development
, Kitchens
, Waterfront Property
, Floors
, Windows
, Furniture
, Investment Property
, Commercial & Business Property
, Land
, Rural Property



 


Information

CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (212) 288-9584
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Employee Size: 1 To 4
Exact Employee Count: 4
Exact Sales Volume: 210000
Location Type: Single Location
Sales Volume: 501K - 999,999
CATEGORIES:


Property Managers
Real Estate



People Also Viewed


BALZS ANDRE


295 Lafayette St  New York, New York 10012




Three Eighty Madison Av Building


380 Madison Ave  New York, New York 10017




DM Management & Development Corp


575 Madison Ave Frnt C  New York, New York 10022




LUCKYS INCORPORATED


189 Orchard St  New York, New York 10002




Vornado Office Management LLC


90 Park Ave  New York, New York 10016




Parcel 10 Apartment Corporation


200 Park Ave  New York, New York 10166





Reviews

Add


You must Sign in to post reviews.





by  on 






Click here to be the first to review this business...



0 Reviews
 























 






Site Map
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
About
Partners
Chamber Partner Program
Chamber Member Benefits




Top Cities:
Atlanta
Bronx
Brooklyn
Chicago
Cleveland
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Phoenix
Saint Louis
San Antonio
San Diego
San Jose


© 2017 CHAMBEROFCOMMERCE.COM













Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Laura J Sloate                                                                                                           - New York                                          , NY         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



NY



New York



Apartment Building Operators



Apartment Building Operators



                            Laura J Sloate
                                    



 





















L 


Laura J Sloate                                                                                                          
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



35 E 75TH ST APT 16C NEW YORK, NY 10021
Get Directions



(212) 288-9584
 





Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $130,000.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Apartment Building Operators
 Contacts Laura J Sloate                                                                                                          







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Laura J Sloate                                                                                                           is located at 35 E 75th St Apt 16c in New York and has been in the business of Apartment Building Operators since 2010. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







L

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
































Laura Joy Sloate - Financial Advisor, New York, NY - BrightScope Advisor Pages

































[[getSearchTypeDisplayName(searchType)]]


Advisor

Funds

Firms

401k Plans










































































Back to top
Home>Advisor Pages>Laura Joy Sloate








Laura Joy SloateFind an Advisor




OverviewServicesFundsQualificationsArticlesLicensesAssetsFees








Is this you?Claim this profile


Share



Follow

Following








Laura Joy Sloate
Neuberger Berman Bd LLC














New York
NYFind an Advisor





OverviewServicesFundsQualificationsArticlesLicensesAssetsFees











Overview








Description
        
Laura Sloate  is a financial professional at Neuberger Berman Bd LLC, a broker-dealer with 940 registered representatives nationwide. Laura has held an industry securities registration for 11 years and is subject to SEC and FINRA oversight....











Information
        


other names

N/A
            


Other Firms

Swm Securities, Inc.Chairman/Finop/President/Treasurer
              





doing business as
N/A


type
SEC and FINRA Registered







Location
        



1290 Avenue of the Americas


New York,
NY
10104


N/A
          








Services








Advisor Services
        




There is no Services data available to display at this time.







Boeing Fee Settlement Highlights the High Bar for Large Plans
BrightScope Editorial







Funds







Funds Used With Clients
        




There are no funds listed for this advisor at this time.








Firm Client types




There is no client type data to display at this time.










Qualifications







Experience


No timeline events available.










Employer
Years
Dates




Neuberger Berman
              

12 years, 5 months

              

Mar 2005 - Present
              








Are YouLaura Joy Sloate?
          


Claim your profilefor FREE

Update yourcontact information

Highlight your specialtiesand expertise

Claim this free profile






Designations & Memberships




Membership information not available

















Articles and Answers







Insights by Laura Sloate
        




There are no insights for this advisor to display at this time.






Procter & Gamble Plans Competitive, But Exposure to Company Stock a Risk to Participants
BrightScope Editorial






Answers
        Ask a financial questionAsk a question




There are no answers for this advisor to display at this time.










Advisor Links
        




There are no links for this advisor to display at this time.










Licenses & Conducts








U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission


license status
Registered


disclosures
None


as of date

Jan 14, 2017







FINRA


license status
Registered


disclosures
None


as of date

Jan 14, 2017






Review the status and details of the disclosures noted above using the SEC's Investment Advisor Public Disclosure website:
See Disclosure Details








Assets







Neuberger Berman Bd LLC
Last updated on March 31, 2017





N/A
Total Assets Under Management


N/A
Total Assets Under Advisement






N/A
          
Accounts
          



N/A
          
Estimated Average Account Balance
          














Fees






Types of Compensation Arrangements


Percentage Of Assets












Other Advisors in Your Area





Herbert N Glass
Glass Retirement Strategies, Inc.
Bingham Farms, MIView Profile






Michael Reid, CFA®
Exchange Capital Management Inc
Ann Arbor, MIView Profile






Ken Krausman

Bloomfield Hills, MIView Profile






Melissa Joy CFP®
Center for Financial Planning Inc
Southfield, MIView Profile






Robert Paul Schmansky
Clear Financial Advisors, LLC
Livonia, MIView Profile






Richard Thomas Phillips
Raymond James & Associates, Inc.
Farmington, MIView Profile



See All Advisors










Company Info
            About Us

Newsroom

Careers

Contact

Blog





Explore
            401K Plan Ratings

Advisor Pages

Fund Pages

Financial Insights

FAQ





For Advisors
            Advisor Pages

Spyglass





For Enterprise
            Beacon





Social
            Facebook

Twitter

LinkedIn





Legal
            Privacy Policy

Terms of Use






Copyright © 2008-2017, BrightScope Inc. All Rights Reserved. Your use of this service is subject to ourTerms of UseandPrivacy Policy





Information is provided 'as is' and solely for informational purposes, not for investment purposes or advice.BrightScope is not a fiduciary under ERISA. BrightScope is not endorsed by or affiliated with FINRA.
        










BrightScope /
CIO /
FWW /
Global Custodian /
Investor Economics /
LiquidMetrix /
Market Metrics /
Matrix Solutions /
PLANADVISER /
Plan For Life /
PLANSPONSOR /
Simfund /
Strategic Insight /
The Trade

©2016 Strategic Insight Inc. All Rights Reserved. No Reproduction without Prior Authorizations








































Sloate, Laura J. - The Wall Street Transcript











































 





































Laura J. Sloate
LAURA J. SLOATE is Chairman, Treasurer, Chief Investment Officer  and
Director of Research at Sloate Weisman Murray & Company, Inc., which
she founded in 1974. Ms. Sloate is Chairman and Treasurer of SWM
Securities. In January 1988 Ms. Sloate founded Amadeus Partners, LP, and
is a General Partner. From 1968 to 1974 she was a Security Analyst for
Scheinman, Hochstin & Trotta, Account Executive and Security Analyst for
Neuberger, Berman & Company and Account Executive and Security Analyst
for Drexel Burnham & Company. In 1962 Ms. Sloate won the Mayor’s
Citation and Private School Honors from Calhoun High School. While at
Barnard College, Ms. Sloate won an Honorary Woodrow Wilson Scholarship
with honors in History and earned an MA degree from Columbia Graduate
Faculties. She was an adjunct Associate Professor at Columbia University
Graduate School of Business, and is an Emeritus member of the Board of
Trustees, Committee on Investments and Committee on Budget and Finance
for Barnard College. Ms. Sloate is on the Board of Directors of the
Richard Tucker Music Foundation and the Michael Wolk Heart Foundation.
Ms. Sloate is a Managing Director of the Metropolitan Opera Association
and Chairman of the Investment Committee and a member of the Finance
Committee of the Metropolitan Opera Association. Ms. Sloate is a member
of the Central Synagogue Investment Committee. Ms. Sloate is a Chartered
Financial Analyst and a member of the New York Society of Security
Analysts.
Related Interviews:LAURA SLOATE - SLOATE WEISMAN MURRAY & CO INCJuly 19, 2004Laura Sloate - Sloate Weisman Murray & CompanyApril 14, 2003Laura Sloate - Sloate Weisman Murray & CoMarch 25, 2002







CartLatest NewsAll American USC Footbal Player Joseph M. Boskovich Jr. Now Picks All American Value Stocks for his ClientsPaul Hogan Picks Tech Dividend Growers Microchip Technology (NASDAQ:MCHP), Xilinx (NASDAQ:XLNX) and Versum Materials (NYSE:VSM)600 Gallons of Water to Produce a McDonalds (NYSE:MCD) Quarter Pounder:  How Will Investors Profit?The Wall Street Transcript is a completely unique resource for investors and business researchers.Over 20,000 CEO, Equity Analyst and Money Manager InterviewsSubscribe now!Sign Up For Newsletter Weekly email with New In-Depth Interviews


Email: 



Most Popular InterviewsBuilding Diversified Portfolios with Quality Global EquitiesGregory D. PadillaAlberto Jimenez Crespo Published July 27, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: AMZN 005930 AAPL MU WHR KIMBERA GS VOD PPG SHW VIV PEY Buy ($25)Building Accountability and Avoiding Mistakes Through the Decision ProcessDean  Pagonis Published July 27, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: CMP SBH AMZN ULTA CVS LRLCY KMB WWW SDF Buy ($25)Finding Optimal Balance Sheets by Utilizing High Yield Market ExpertiseZach  Miller Published July 27, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: LSXMK SIRI BLL CHTR ARMK Buy ($25)Most Popular ReportsInvesting Strategies Published July 24, 2017Buy ($175)Wireless Communications & Telecom Published July 14, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published July 11, 2017Buy ($175) 






Top Company Interviews






Register for a Free Account to gain greater access to
            The Wall Street Transcript right now




CEO INTERVIEWSInterview with the President and CEO: Lumos Networks Corp. (NASDAQ:LMOS)Interview with the Corporate VP of Business Development, Strategy and Investor Relations: DSP Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:DSPG)Interview with the CEO and Director: Tactile Systems Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:TCMD) 

SECTOR ROUNDTABLESNatural Gas Weighs Heavy On E&P Near-Term ProspectsRoundtable Forum:optimism Despite Uncertainty In For-profit EducationRoundtable Forum:a Shift In Focus To Natural Gas From Oil 

MONEY MANAGER INTERVIEWSBuilding Diversified Portfolios with Quality Global EquitiesBuilding Accountability and Avoiding Mistakes Through the Decision ProcessFinding Optimal Balance Sheets by Utilizing High Yield Market Expertise 

ANALYST INTERVIEWSAnalyzing the Secular Drivers Within Communications Infrastructure and TelecomSatellite Companies Benefiting from Growth in Data TrafficIncreased Focus on Content as Consumers Shift to Digital Consumption 




Subscribe Today!







                Since 1963
                © The Wall Street Transcript 1997-2016
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy  
            





https://www.twst.com/wp-admin/admin-ajax.php

Pin It on Pinterest





































Share This





Twitter





Facebook





Google+





Gmail





LinkedIn








































×





Join now for free!
Already a member?






First Name 





Last Name 





Email address *








Create new account
 


or create an account with a social network.

Join with Facebook


Join with Twitter


Join with Google








Username or Email address: *





Password: *






LoginJoin now! | Forgot password?
 


or login using a social network


Log in with Facebook


Log in with Twitter


Log in with Google


















Laura Sloate - Sloate Weisman Murray & Company - The Wall Street Transcript














































 






































General Investing >> Money Manager Interviews >> April 14, 2003 Laura Sloate – Sloate Weisman Murray & Company
LAURA J. SLOATE is Chairman, Treasurer, Chief Investment Officer  and
Director of Research at Sloate Weisman Murray & Company, Inc., which 
she founded in 1974. Ms. Sloate is Chairman and Treasurer of SWM
Securities. In January 1988 Ms. Sloate founded Amadeus Partners, LP, and
is a General Partner. From 1968 to 1974 she was a Security Analyst for
Scheinman, Hochstin & Trotta, Account Executive and Security Analyst for
Neuberger, Berman & Company and Account Executive and Security Analyst
for Drexel Burnham & Company. In 1962 Ms. Sloate won the Mayor's
Citation and Private School Honors from Calhoun High School. While at
Barnard College, Ms. Sloate won an Honorary Woodrow Wilson Scholarship
with honors in History and earned an MA degree from Columbia Graduate
Faculties. She was an adjunct Associate Professor at Columbia University
Graduate School of Business, and is an Emeritus member of the Board of
Trustees, Committee on Investments and Committee on Budget and Finance
for Barnard College. Ms. Sloate is on the Board of Directors of the
Richard Tucker Music Foundation and the Michael Wolk Heart Foundation.
Ms. Sloate is a Managing Director of the Metropolitan Opera Association
and Chairman of the Investment Committee and a member of the Finance
Committee of the Metropolitan Opera Association. Ms. Sloate is a member
of the Central Synagogue Investment Committee. Ms. Sloate is a Chartered
Financial Analyst and a member of the New York Society of Security
Analysts. Profile


TWST: Would you begin with an overview of Sloate Weisman Murrayand the investment philosophy there?Ms. Sloate: We're a mid- to large cap value fundamental investor.We build the portfolios
    

Join for free to read a longer excerpt or purchase this article

Already a member? Login here 









CartLatest NewsAll American USC Footbal Player Joseph M. Boskovich Jr. Now Picks All American Value Stocks for his ClientsPaul Hogan Picks Tech Dividend Growers Microchip Technology (NASDAQ:MCHP), Xilinx (NASDAQ:XLNX) and Versum Materials (NYSE:VSM)600 Gallons of Water to Produce a McDonalds (NYSE:MCD) Quarter Pounder:  How Will Investors Profit?The Wall Street Transcript is a completely unique resource for investors and business researchers.Over 20,000 CEO, Equity Analyst and Money Manager InterviewsSubscribe now!Sign Up For Newsletter Weekly email with New In-Depth Interviews


Email: 



Most Popular InterviewsBuilding Diversified Portfolios with Quality Global EquitiesGregory D. PadillaAlberto Jimenez Crespo Published July 27, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: AMZN 005930 AAPL MU WHR KIMBERA GS VOD PPG SHW VIV PEY Buy ($25)Building Accountability and Avoiding Mistakes Through the Decision ProcessDean  Pagonis Published July 27, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: CMP SBH AMZN ULTA CVS LRLCY KMB WWW SDF Buy ($25)Finding Optimal Balance Sheets by Utilizing High Yield Market ExpertiseZach  Miller Published July 27, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: LSXMK SIRI BLL CHTR ARMK Buy ($25)Most Popular ReportsInvesting Strategies Published July 24, 2017Buy ($175)Wireless Communications & Telecom Published July 14, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published July 11, 2017Buy ($175) 






Top Company Interviews






Register for a Free Account to gain greater access to
            The Wall Street Transcript right now




CEO INTERVIEWSInterview with the President and CEO: Lumos Networks Corp. (NASDAQ:LMOS)Interview with the Corporate VP of Business Development, Strategy and Investor Relations: DSP Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:DSPG)Interview with the CEO and Director: Tactile Systems Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:TCMD) 

SECTOR ROUNDTABLESNatural Gas Weighs Heavy On E&P Near-Term ProspectsRoundtable Forum:optimism Despite Uncertainty In For-profit EducationRoundtable Forum:a Shift In Focus To Natural Gas From Oil 

MONEY MANAGER INTERVIEWSBuilding Diversified Portfolios with Quality Global EquitiesBuilding Accountability and Avoiding Mistakes Through the Decision ProcessFinding Optimal Balance Sheets by Utilizing High Yield Market Expertise 

ANALYST INTERVIEWSAnalyzing the Secular Drivers Within Communications Infrastructure and TelecomSatellite Companies Benefiting from Growth in Data TrafficIncreased Focus on Content as Consumers Shift to Digital Consumption 




Subscribe Today!







                Since 1963
                © The Wall Street Transcript 1997-2016
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy  
            





https://www.twst.com/wp-admin/admin-ajax.php

Pin It on Pinterest





































Share This





Twitter





Facebook





Google+





Gmail





LinkedIn








































×





Join now for free!
Already a member?






First Name 





Last Name 





Email address *








Create new account
 


or create an account with a social network.

Join with Facebook


Join with Twitter


Join with Google








Username or Email address: *





Password: *






LoginJoin now! | Forgot password?
 


or login using a social network


Log in with Facebook


Log in with Twitter


Log in with Google






















BrightScope | Advisor Pages - Find a Financial Advisor or Advisory Firm 































































[[getSearchTypeDisplayName(searchType)]]


Advisor

Funds

Firms

401k Plans









































































General Search










Advisors
Advisory Firms
Financial Q&A
401k Plans
Funds


Search










Home  >  BrightScope Advisor Pages  >  Find a Financial Advisor
    




Advisor Search
Firm Search
Advisors by City


    
        Find and Research a Financial Advisor
    





Search




Advisor Name







Active advisors only





City



State


Alabama
Alaska
American Samoa
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Guam
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Northern Marinara Islands
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Puerto Rico
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming



Advisor Service Areas



Financial Planning



Estate Planning



Comprehensive Financial Planning



Retirement Planning



College Planning



Charitable Planning



Other Financial Planning



Tax Planning





Insurance



Life Insurance



Health Insurance



Long-Term Care Insurance



Annuities



Property & Casualty Insurance



Business Insurance



Other Insurance





Pension Consulting



401k



403b



457



Defined Benefit



Other Pension Consulting





Portfolio Management



Individuals and/or Small Businesses



Investment Companies



Businesses or Institutional Clients



Other Portfolio Management





Accounting & Tax



Tax Advice



Other Tax





Legal



Legal Planning



Legal Advice



Other Legal





Other



Publication of Periodicals or Newsletters



Security Ratings or Pricing Services



Market Timing Services



Selection of Other Advisors



Educational seminars/workshops







See All Service Areas

	                Find
	            





Filters

/financial-planning/find/advisor/



Compensation Arrangements



No Preference



Asset-Based Fees (511,679)



Fixed Fees (427,554)



Hourly Charges (257,249)



Commissions (238,813)



Fee Only (957)






State Approval



All states



California (192,949)



Florida (189,612)



Texas (168,976)



New York (157,623)



North Carolina (132,047)






Current Employer



No preference



Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated (34,514)



Wells Fargo Advisors, LLC (26,639)



J.P. Morgan Securities LLC (25,622)



Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC (24,260)









Assets Under Mgmt.



No Preference



0 - 100K (273,106)



100M - 500M (31,171)



1B - 10B (92,720)



10B - 100B (113,962)



> 100B (174,259)






Avg Account Balance



No Preference



0 - 100K (41,116)



100 - 500K (380,641)



500K - 1M (19,777)



1M - 10M (25,756)






Client Types



No Preference



Individuals (565,046)



High Net Worth Individuals (564,980)



Pension And Profit Sharing Plans (564,631)



Charitable Organizations (564,242)



State Or Municipal Government Entities (564,021)






Financial Advisor Search Results


739,533 results













George Cones, JD 



                            
    					    Third Sigma Investment Advisors LLC
                            
                                


			            Wilmington, DE
			        













George Cabalu 



                            
    					    Wells Fargo Advisors, LLC
                            
                                


			            Mclean, VA
			        













Andrew Comstock, CFA 



                            
    					    Castlebar Asset Management, LLC
                            
                                


			            Leawood, KS
			        













Curtis E. Hollowell 



                            
    					    Redmount Capital Partners LLC
                            
                                


			            Newport Beach, CA
			        













John A. Frisch CPA/PFS, CFP®, AIF®, PPC 



                            
    					    Alliant Wealth Advisors
                            
                                


			            Prince William, VA
			        













James D. Kinney, CFP® 



                            
    					    Financial Pathways
                            
                                


			            Bridgewater, NJ
			        













Arie J. Korving, CFP® 



                            
    					    Korving & Company LLC
                            
                                


			            Suffolk, VA
			        













Tony Krance, MBA, CFP®, AIF® 



                            
    					    401K Plan Advisors
                            
                                


			            Green Bay, WI
			        













Eve L. Kaplan, CFP® 



                            
    					    Kaplan Financial Advisors LLC
                            
                                


			            Berkeley Heights, NJ
			        













Kimberly L. Curtis, CFP®, ChFC, CLU, CAP, AEP, MSFS 



                            
    					    Wealth Legacy Institute, Inc.
                            
                                


			            Denver, CO
			        













Lyle Himebaugh 



                            
    					    Granite Group Advisors, LLC
                            
                                


			            Wilton, CT
			        













Martin "Marty" Leclerc 



                            
    					    Barrack Yard Advisors, LLC
                            
                                





                            
    					    Pickwick Capital Partners, LLC
                            
                                



			            Washington, DC
			        













Clint Haynes 



                            
    					    Nextgen Wealth, LLC
                            
                                


			            Lee'S Summit, MO
			        













Jonathan N. Castle, MSFS, CFP® 



                            
    					    Paragon Wealth Strategies, LLC.
                            
                                


			            Jacksonville, FL
			        













Nicholas Olesen, CFP®, CRPC® 



                            
    					    Private Advisor Group, LLC
                            
                                





                            
    					    LPL Financial LLC
                            
                                



			            King Of Prussia, PA
			        








1
2
3
4
5



















Company Info
            About Us

Newsroom

Careers

Contact

Blog





Explore
            401K Plan Ratings

Advisor Pages

Fund Pages

Financial Insights

FAQ





For Advisors
            Advisor Pages

Spyglass





For Enterprise
            Beacon





Social
            Facebook

Twitter

LinkedIn





Legal
            Privacy Policy

Terms of Use






Copyright © 2008-2017, BrightScope Inc. All Rights Reserved. Your use of this service is subject to ourTerms of UseandPrivacy Policy





Information is provided 'as is' and solely for informational purposes, not for investment purposes or advice.BrightScope is not a fiduciary under ERISA. BrightScope is not endorsed by or affiliated with FINRA.
        










BrightScope /
CIO /
FWW /
Global Custodian /
Investor Economics /
LiquidMetrix /
Market Metrics /
Matrix Solutions /
PLANADVISER /
Plan For Life /
PLANSPONSOR /
Simfund /
Strategic Insight /
The Trade

©2016 Strategic Insight Inc. All Rights Reserved. No Reproduction without Prior Authorizations























