




Slow Ventures III, L.P. - Pooled Investment Fund- Colleran  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









Slow Ventures III, L.P.

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    775 E Blithedale Avenue, #515  
    Mill Valley, CA, 94941Phone: (415) 806-5000 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-11-23


New


$145,000,000


$145,000,000


Other


06b 3C 3C.1 3C.7


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Kevin Colleran 
 Director 


 Sam Lessin 
 Director 


 Scott Marlette 
 Director 


 Dave Morin 
 Director 


 Will Quist 
 Director 


 N/A Slow Ventures Gp Iii, Llc 
 Promoter 

















True Ventures
























 












Skip to content


True Ventures








 

Ayah Bdeir, littleBits Founder. Funded by True in 2012.


Ayah Bdeir is teaching people to tinker, code and invent.




 

Dug Song and Jon Oberheide, Duo Security Co-Founders. Funded by True in 2010.


Dug Song and Jon Oberheide are making world-class security enjoyable to use.




 

Luke Kanies, Puppet Founder. Funded by True in 2009.


Luke Kanies is changing the delivery and operation of the software that powers everything around us.







We invest in Founders of movements and products that capture the imagination.

            We believe our job as venture capitalists is to magnify the creative power of entrepreneurs through relationships, education and resources essential to their success. We invest in entrepreneurship that encompasses all walks of life, and believe in the democratization of innovation as a powerful force for global good.          



                  Read the Blog                



                  Meet our Team                



                  Visit our Portfolio                



                  True University                







            We believe in innovative and exciting companies like these...          



  





  





  





  





  





  





  





  





  





  





  





  





  





  





  





  






 
True Entrepreneur Corps 
True Entrepreneur Corps is a summer Fellowship for undergraduates delivering hands-on experience at high-growth startups.



 
Priya Haji Fellowship 
The Priya Haji Fellowship helps recent college graduates kickstart their careers in the startup world.
















Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Slow Ventures III, L.P. - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











Slow Ventures III, L.P.
List of persons related to the company Slow Ventures III, L.P.. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of Slow Ventures III, L.P..

CIK Number: 0001688970Company address: 775 E BLITHEDALE AVENUE, #515  MILL VALLEY 94941Phone number: (415) 806-5000



People related to Slow Ventures III, L.P.
NamePositionStreetCityCountryMorin  Dave775 E BLITHEDALE AVENUE, #515 Mill ValleyCAColleran  Kevin775 E BLITHEDALE AVENUE, #515 Mill ValleyCALessin  Sam775 E BLITHEDALE AVENUE, #515 Mill ValleyCAMarlette  Scott775 E BLITHEDALE AVENUE, #515 Mill ValleyCAN/A  Slow Ventures GP III, LLC775 E BLITHEDALE AVENUE, #515 Mill ValleyCAQuist  Will775 E BLITHEDALE AVENUE, #515 Mill ValleyCA




Slow Ventures III, L.P. on the Web
Related companiesSlow Ventures III-A, L.P., Slow Ventures IV, L.P., Slow Ventures IV-A, L.P.












 










Slow Ventures closes third fund - Business Insider






































 





 




































































































Tech Insider























BI Intelligence
Events


 


















                                Trending                            



                                Tech Insider                            



                                Finance                            



                                Politics                            



                                Strategy                            



                                Life                            



                                Sports                            



                                Video                            



                                All                            






















 







×








From





To





 











          You have successfully emailed the post.
        







×




     








A VC firm made up of early Facebook employees just closed a $145 million fund — and added another Facebooker to the team












Avery Hartmans












Nov. 17, 2016, 10:00 AM



2,029




 








facebook





linkedin





twitter





email





print





 











Kevin Colleran, a former Facebook executive and a
  founding partner of Slow Ventures.
Slow Ventures




  When Kevin Colleran, Dave Morin, and Sam Lessin decided to form
  Slow Ventures, they had one mission: to give the founders in
  their portfolio time to build sound companies with a strong
  foundation.


  More than five years later, the firm has raised its third
  fund, hired two more investing partners, and made more than
  200 investments in some of the hottest startups of the
  moment, including Allbirds, Casper, and Slack. 


  On Thursday, Slow Ventures is announcing that it's closed Slow
  Ventures III, a $145 million fund that brings the firm's total
  capital under management to about $250 million. The firm raised
  the fund from more than 100 CEOs, tech founders, executives, VCs,
  university endowments, and foundations. 


  Slow Ventures differs from other VC firms because of how active
  its LPs are, the firm says. LPs help with sourcing and doing due
  diligence on startups, along with mentoring the founders
  within Slow Ventures' portfolio.





Dave Morin, one of Slow
  Ventures founding partners.
Wikimedia,
  CC




  All three of Slow Venture's founding partners were Facebook
  employees before forming the fund: Colleran was one of Facebook's
  first 10 employees, serving as the company's first ad executive;
  Morin is the co-creator of Facebook's platform and went on
  to found his own startup, Path; and Sam Lessin served
  as Facebook’s former vice president of
  product management until 2014. 


Will Quist joined Slow Ventures in November 2015 after
  spending about eight years at Industry Ventures. 

Now, Slow Ventures is adding a fifth investing partner and
  the firm's fourth former Facebooker with the hiring
  of Scott Marlette. Marlette is an LP and has been an
  advisor to Slow Ventures since its first fund. He is also an
  early Facebook employee: Marlette was one of Facebook's first
  product managers in 2005 up until 2010.


  "As friends and colleagues, we’ve known each other for a long
  time and respect one another’s ideas and instincts," the firm
  wrote in a blog post. "Our willingness to debate and disagree
  has benefited our work and our community tremendously by giving
  everyone the permission to think differently and pursue their
  individual passions and interests. There are very few rules we
  won't consider breaking or sectors we won't explore. When we see
  signs of innovation and opportunity on the edges of science,
  society and culture, we dive in. As entrepreneurs and network
  thinkers ourselves, we believe in supporting incredible people
  and brilliant minds, no matter which unconventional ideas they
  may pursue."




SEE ALSO: What nearly dying taught Kevin Colleran, a 34-year-old former Facebook exec, about life




NOW WATCH: Here's how Google Maps knows when there is traffic








            More:

                                                        Slow Ventures
Kevin Colleran
Dave Morin
Sam Lessin



Will Quist
Scott Marlette 
Facebook
Venture Capital



















facebook





linkedin





twitter





email





print















×





                    Recommended For You
        
        
Powered by Sailthru





























A VC firm made up of early Facebook employees just closed a $145 million fund — and added another Facebooker to the team
A VC firm made up of early Facebook employees just closed a $145 million fund — and added another Facebooker to the team

When Kevin Colleran, Dave Morin, and Sam Lessin...




















Recommended For You







 














Disclaimer




























Featured






Apple is lagging the market as iPhone 8 woes mount


More "The Bottom Line" » 






Here's how much you need to save for college every year depending on when you start


More "Year by Year" » 




 





Tech Insider Emails & Alerts
            
Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day.
Sign-Up







Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital


 
 
Read Business Insider On The Go
Available on iOS or Android
  







Find A Job




Tech Jobs


C-Level Jobs




Media Jobs


Design Jobs




Finance Jobs


Sales Jobs




See All Jobs »





Thanks to our partners






























Follow us on:












Also check out:






* Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our
                                                                Terms of Service                                and
                                                                                                Privacy Policy.

Disclaimer
Commerce Policy
Made in NYC




Stock quotes by finanzen.net



International Editions:
UKDEAUSINMYSGPLSENLFRITJP 









































New Ventures for Corporate Growth




























































2/3 Free Articles leftRemaining 



Register for more

 | 


Subscribe + Save!















MENU

 





 













SUGGESTED TOPICS








 

 


Subscribe



  Hi, 




Sign In
Register






Items added to cart

Your Shopping Cart is empty.
Visit our store




 









MY LIBRARY
TOPIC FEEDS
PURCHASES
ACTIVITY
ACCOUNT SETTINGS
EMAIL PREFERENCES
LOG OUT










SUGGESTED TOPICS
































										Loading...
									





Innovation

New Ventures for Corporate Growth


Edward B. Roberts


From the July 1980 Issue
					









 SAVE
 SHARE
COMMENT
 TEXT SIZE
 PRINT
 PDF
8.95 BUY COPIES





















View more from the

July 1980 Issue






Explore the Archive












										Loading...
									






As the traditional avenues of corporate growth become less attractive, many companies find the appeal of new venture strategies harder to resist. Though difficult to implement and often slow to repay investment, these strategies do offer the promise of facilitating entry into new business areas with innovative, usually technology-based products. And for large companies with many layers of management and detailed control systems, ventures offer the special promise of recapturing some vital spark of entrepreneurial energy.
The author of this article discusses the growing appeal of new venture strategies and the particular kinds of needs that they meet. Then, drawing on his extensive research into venture organizations, he outlines in some detail the various major types of ventures, pinpointing the virtues and defects of each. He concludes with a few pieces of general advice about venturing.

To meet ambitious plans for growth and diversification, corporations are turning in increasing numbers to new venture strategies. However, most new ventures fail. And even when they do succeed, they often take ten years or more to generate substantial returns on the initial investment of capital and management attention. The question is obvious: Given its uncertain promise, why is corporate venturing proving so attractive?
The odds against its success are enormous. The push toward a venture strategy usually comes when a company, wishing to address customer needs it has not previously served, seeks either to enter new markets or to sell dramatically different products in its existing markets. Second, most ventures involve a new technology—whether that technology is new to the world or only to the company. Third, almost every corporation undertaking a venture has found it both necessary and desirable to establish for it a structure quite different from that in use throughout the rest of the organization.
Entering unfamiliar markets, employing unfamiliar technology, and implementing an unfamiliar organizational structure—even taken separately, each of these presents a troublesome challenge. Put all three together in a single new venture organization, and it is no wonder that their joint probability of success is rather small.
Nonetheless, venture strategies are increasingly attractive to many companies. My purpose in this article is, first of all, to consider just why this should be so. I then examine and evaluate the various options available to companies embarking on a venture strategy. Finally, I discuss what companies can do to improve the likelihood of venture success.
Though I address all three points, my focus will primarily be on two of the options: the large and small company joint venture, which has the principal virtue of speed of market impact, and the internal venture organization, which is best illustrated by Minnesota Mining and Manufacturing Company (3M) with its long-term record of success in venturing.
Why Establish a Venture Organization?
If the odds against a new venture strategy are high, what makes it so very appealing? The answer is really quite simple: the alternatives are no better. No other strategy for enhancing growth in size or profitability currently offers a higher probability of success. Consider:

When it was still easy to identify unmet needs in the marketplace, companies could launch products to meet them with every expectation that the markets thus defined would continue to grow and to support continued company growth. Today, however, many such traditional markets have become saturated, incapable of additional sustained growth.


When there were still few large companies in the developed world and little technological competition among them, a company could apply its R&D capacities to develop new products, which it could then sustain relatively easily by ongoing efforts at incremental innovation. Today, with technological sophistication diffused throughout the world, for a company to remain competitive—especially with mature high-volume products—requires far more than the uneven performance of traditional R&D.




When untapped foreign markets were still plentiful, it was a simple matter to enter them. Today, the overwhelming likelihood is that those markets have long since been populated both by domestic competitors and by native companies.


When interest rates were lower, price/earnings ratios higher, and antitrust regulation less strictly enforced, companies could readily grow and diversify by acquiring other companies. Today, an acquisitions strategy can rarely be pursued on such advantageous terms.

In short, the most common growth strategies of an earlier era are no longer so easy to follow or so likely to succeed. Consequently, venture strategies, even with their low probability of success, have begun to look much better.







The Spectrum of Venture Strategies
Exhibit I displays the range of alternative strategies for launching new ventures. At one end are those approaches that feature essentially low company involvement; at the other, approaches that demand high levels of commitment both in dollars and in management time.



Exhibit I Spectrum of Venture Strategies 
Venture Capital
At the far left of the spectrum is venture capital, the investment of money in the stock of one company by another. During the mid-to late 1960s many major corporations decided to secure entry into new technologies by taking investment positions in young high-technology enterprises. Major companies in a variety of industries—companies such as Du Pont, Exxon, Ford, General Electric, and Singer—sought out a “window” on promising technologies through the venture capital route, but few of them have been able to make the venture capital approach by itself an important stimulus of corporate growth or profitability.
Venture Nurturing
Second along the spectrum, venture nurturing involves more than just capital investment. Here the investing company also gives managerial assistance to the nurtured enterprise in such areas as marketing, manufacturing, and research. Though perhaps a more sensible approach to diversification than just the arm’s-length provision of funds, venture nurturing is still unlikely to have a significant impact on the investor’s sales or profits. Cabot Corporation, for example, tried this approach but gave up after two years of frustrating experience with several start-up companies.
Venture Spin-Off
As a by-product of its R&D efforts, a corporation may develop an idea or technology that does not fit its mainstream interest, that may entail substantial risks to the parent, or that may be better developed on an independent basis outside the company. The originating company will then spin off the new business as a separate corporation, either seeking to gain market and operational experience in a new field, as Exxon Enterprises did temporarily with its Solar Power Corporation, or to attract outside growth capital, as General Electric did with its formation of Nuclepore and other companies.1 Venture spin-off may be a good way to hold on to an internal entrepreneur or to exploit a by-product technology, but the limited involvement it allows still promises only limited returns to the parent company.
New-Style Joint Ventures
Because I think this approach of particular importance, I will discuss it in more detail later on. Here large and small companies enter jointly into new ventures. The small companies provide entrepreneurial enthusiasm, vigor, flexibility, and advanced technology; the large ones, capital and, perhaps more important, worldwide channels of marketing, distribution, and service. This combination allows for the rapid diffusion of technology-based product innovations into large national and international markets.2

Venture Merging & Melding
Toward the right side of Exhibit I is an approach that I call, for lack of a better name, venture merging and melding. This is what Exxon Enterprises is attempting by deliberately piecing together all the various forms of technologically oriented venturing shown in Exhibit I into a critical mass of marketing and technological strengths. In turn, these strengths have allowed Exxon to transform itself from a huge—though unglamorous—one-product, narrow-technology oil company to an exciting company that is expanding into computers and communications, advanced composite materials, and alternative energy devices.3
Internal Ventures
Finally, on the far right are internal ventures, those situations in which a company sets up a separate entity within itself—an entirely separate division or group—for the purpose of entering different markets or developing radically different products. This approach has great potential but a mixed record to date. Du Pont, for instance, has had a spotty record in internal corporate-level venturing for nearly two decades.4 Ralston Purina, however, has done reasonably well. For the record, the most consistently effective performance with internal ventures I know of is that of 3M, whose philosophy and methods I will describe in some detail later in this article.
Teaming the Large with the Small
Let us now examine in depth an approach to venturing that has shown itself to be relatively “quick and dirty” and adaptable: the new-style joint venture. You will recall that new-style ventures are those in which large and small companies join forces to create a new entry in the marketplace. The idea here is quite simple. The large company usually provides access to capital and to channels of distribution, sales, and service otherwise unavailable to the small company; in return, the small company provides advanced technology and a degree of entrepreneurial commitment the larger one often lacks. Together the strengths of both add up to a distinct competitive advantage.
Numerous studies on the process of innovation have shown time and again that small companies and individual inventors account for a disproportionate share of commercially successful, technologically based innovations.5 Whether the explanation lies in their superior commitment, drive, freedom from constraint, flexibility, or closeness to the market, the facts themselves are quite clear. Small entrepreneurially minded companies have been unusually able to come up with technological advances that are competitive in the marketplace.
Balancing Needs with Strengths
But the small company has an obvious problem: its size. It has neither extensive market coverage nor an extensive sales force. It is usually not even a national company. Young entrepreneurial companies are often regional at best, and the obstacles they face—organizational and financial—in becoming national or international are tremendous. The great success stories of corporations such as Polaroid, Xerox, or Digital Equipment are clear exceptions to the rule.6 In the vast majority of cases, the small technology-based company simply cannot grow from within to large-scale size with the time and resources available to it.
By contrast, a large company has relatively easy access to capital markets as well as significant capital availability within itself. Moreover, it not only has large sales but a large establishment overall. It has ample manufacturing capacity located near its various national and international markets. It has a distribution and marketing organization that covers all its relevant market territory. It can service its products on a national and international basis.







Competitive Advantage
Now, if the entrepreneurial commitment, innovative behavior, and advanced technological products of the small company were combined with the capital availability, marketing strength, and distribution channels of the large, it stands to reason that the synthesis might well create significant competitive advantage. Indeed, many pairs of differently sized companies have entered into just this kind of venture arrangement. Exhibit II lists but a few of the attempts in the Boston area alone.



Exhibit II Examples of Large/Small Company Joint Ventures 
A typical example of a successful arrangement is the joint venture between Roche Electronics, a division of Hoffmann-La Roche, and the Avco Everett Research Laboratory. Their venture was to produce an inflatable balloon heart assist pump, and it has been both technically and commercially successful. The development of the product came from a combination of the electronics technology and materials capability of Avco Everett with the marketing, distribution, and field service capability of Roche. More recently, Avco Everett has taken over the entire venture as part of its own diversification movement into the medical field. 
 
Characteristic Difficulties
However, no matter how appealing the prospect, the problems with this new-style approach are significant and troubling. Consider, for example, Johnson & Johnson’s joint effort with Damon Corporation to develop automated clinical laboratory equipment.
At the time of the joint venture, Johnson & Johnson had annual sales of roughly $3 billion. By contrast, Damon, a spin-off from the MIT Research Laboratory for Electronics, had only $3 million in sales when it started negotiations with Johnson & Johnson and $30 million by the time it successfully concluded negotiations to initiate the joint venture three years later. The intended product was to sell at prices of $100,000 or more to large hospitals for doing clinical analyses of patient fluids.
Though a partial technical success, the product was a commercial failure. Why? Because two kinds of problems often confront new-style ventures.
Misreading:
Often both partners misread the appropriateness of the large company’s channels of marketing and distribution. It is all too easy for a large company to think that it can sell almost anything through its vast field sales and service organization.
In the Johnson & Johnson-Damon case, Johnson & Johnson could correctly say that it had salespeople regularly calling on every major hospital in the free world. Therefore, it might well have felt it had the representation necessary to sell a Damon-developed clinical laboratory system. But Johnson & Johnson sold largely disposable medical products such as Band-Aids; the people to whom it sold were reorder clerks, inventory supervisors, or head nurses; and the basis on which it sold was a combination of product quality and volume discounts.
To whom, however, does one sell a $100,000 piece of clinical laboratory equipment? Certainly not reorder clerks or inventory supervisors. The director of the hospital’s clinical laboratories will be involved, as will the hospital’s chief administrator. And in all but the largest hospitals, so will the board of trustees. It is too much to expect that sales personnel used to selling Band-Aids to reorder clerks can switch overnight to such a different level of responsibility and remain effective.
In addition, a major piece of clinical apparatus requires a special level of field service. With its different experience, Johnson & Johnson simply did not have that kind of field operation in place. To be fair, Johnson & Johnson had also been selling small medical instruments, but even this had not prepared it for the service requirements of a clinical laboratory analyzer.
Though it is easy to misread at first glance the appropriateness of a large company’s marketing channels, a little careful thought and common sense are often all that are needed. The central question is clear: Do the company’s sales and service organizations meet the particular requirements of the new product? If not, can they be made appropriate with only slight modifications—say, expanding an existing service capability or adding a specialty salesperson to an existing field office? Incremental change of this sort, if a realistic alternative, is almost always less expensive than starting from scratch and trying to build a whole new organization. 
 
Impedance mismatch:
This is more of a generic problem of new-style ventures than the misreading just discussed. Differently sized companies tend to breathe, play, and act on very different frequencies. They have very different ways of managing themselves and their decision processes. David Kosowsky, the president of Damon, is quoted as saying that he would come to a negotiating session with Johnson & Johnson prepared to bet his company, ready to make decisions as needed. Yet he saw the Johnson & Johnson people as coming to the same meetings prepared to listen, absorb, report, and carry information back to their superiors for further consideration.
The small company entrepreneur is often ready to make a decision based on gut feelings and to commit on the spot whatever is necessary to implement the decision. The large corporation’s time scale for making decisions extends for months and sometimes years.
In general, the behavior of a large company is very different from that of a small one. The large company does basic research. The small company does technical problem solving. The large company does market research. The small company executive talks to a few friends in other organizations to get a feeling for how they view a potential product. Such differences in organizational temperament can easily produce strains and misunderstandings.
Despite these various difficulties, I believe that the promise of new-style joint ventures is quite high. More than any other form of venturing, they offer the possibility of reasonably quick market impact and profitability, for they seek to build on competitive strengths already in place.
Internal Venturing at 3M
For over 30 years, 3M has primarily based its steady growth in size and profitability on new businesses developed through internal ventures. More than most other major corporations, it has thoroughly organized itself to encourage and support them. Its long-term record of success—ROI increasing at approximately 16% compounded annually—speaks for itself, but we may legitimately ask just how 3M goes about venturing so successfully.
What Is a New Business?
To look at 3M’s organization on paper (see Exhibit III) is initially to see a rather ordinary structure. Near the top of the organization are two divisions that report to the vice president of research and development: the Corporate Research Laboratory and the New Business Development Division. The latter, however, has quite a different charter than that of comparable units in most other companies. Here is where the real distinctions begin.



Exhibit III 3M Structure for New Ventures 
In 3M, a new business is defined behaviorally as one that has not yet reached critical mass in the marketplace, although it has perhaps as much as $20 million in annual sales. This means that the corporate New Business Development Division is charged with the responsibility for evolving, nurturing, and maintaining diverse business activities at various stages of development. It is an internal venture nurturing organization, an operation that not only gives birth but also support and sustenance. When new products are big enough to be self-sustaining, it spins them down the organizational chart as part of an existing division or as a new product line division.
Product Development
The second point worth noting about 3M’s structure is that it is for the most part built on product line organizations, which have doubled in number since 1970, each with its own product development department. By itself this structure is not unusual. What is unusual is the charter of the product development departments. Each of them is charged with assisting the division that it serves by coming up with new products for that division’s present line of business, with incremental improvements in old products, and with useful process changes. All of this is conventional. What is unconventional is that each of the product development departments is also charged with the responsibility for new venture development—new ventures without product line or business area constraints. 
 
It is perfectly acceptable for any of these departments to develop products in any line of business, even if the new product competes with the output of another product division. Put simply, the 3M philosophy is, “We would rather have one of our own new products competing with an existing product line of 3M than have a competitor’s new product competing.” To the argument, “Surely that creates dissent and competition; isn’t it bad?” 3M responds, “No, not from our way of thinking. We think that it can be good.”
Does this philosophy create duplication of resources? Of course it does. Does it create efficiently used resources? I suspect that it does because the model of efficient competition is applied not just to the external but also to the internal marketplace. Competition for money, ideas, people, and market dominance keeps all participants in fighting trim.
The Eleventh Commandment
From top to bottom 3M’s management provides active, spirited encouragement for new venture generation. Many at the company even speak of a special eleventh commandment: “Thou shalt not kill a new product idea.” And they follow it seriously in practice. Contrary to the situation in many other companies, those in 3M who want to stop the development of a new product are saddled with the burden of proof. Benefit of the doubt goes of right to those who propose projects, not those who oppose them.
Of course, pushing a new product idea does not immediately throw open an endless bank account, but it does guarantee a chance to succeed. With the burden of proof on those who wish to kill ideas, the work environment within the company is distinctly favorable to entrepreneurial activity. In part this environment is the result of promoting top management from within, frequently from successes in venture management. But it is everywhere reinforced. As one longtime observer has remarked, “You can’t even talk for ten minutes to a janitor at 3M without the conversation turning to new products.”
Sources of Funding
Another important kind of support for new ventures is the multiple sources of venture capital within the company. Corporate groups can provide funding for new ventures without regard to source, and each product line department can provide funding for its employees’ ideas no matter what market they are aimed at.
Say someone engaged in product development or marketing approaches his boss with an idea for a new product, If, despite all of the pressures on the boss to be supportive, he still answers, “We really don’t have the money; we can’t afford to handle it; we can’t support your activity,” the proposer is not then shut off permanently inside 3M. He is free to go elsewhere in the company to seek support for his idea, and a real market exists for the potential support of these ideas.
Moreover, if he can convince someone else to support his idea, then his idea does not go alone; he goes with it. The individual must be able to move with his idea and to join with his sponsor in undertaking the product development work. Then he and his sponsor quite properly share the blame if it fails and the benefits if it succeeds.
Product Teams
3M also gives special attention to the formation of product teams, entrepreneurial minibusiness groups that 3M calls business development units. At an early stage of developing a new product idea, 3M tries to recruit individuals from marketing, the technical area, finance, and manufacturing to come together as a team, each member of which is committed to the further development and movement of this particular product into the market. 
 
To make the team more effective, 3M does not assign people to such activities; the team members are recruited. This makes a very big difference in results. In most companies, a marketing person assigned to evaluate a technical person’s idea can get off the hook most easily by saying that the idea is poor and by pointing out all of its deficiencies, its inadequate justification, and its lack of a market. Given the usual incentive systems, why should the marketing person share the risk? But instead of assigning him or her to evaluate the idea, 3M approaches Marketing and says, “Is anyone here interested in working on this?”
Here is a good instant test of a new product idea. If no one in the organization wants to join the new team, the idea behind it may not be very good. More important, whoever says, “I want in,” becomes a partner, not a subordinate. He or she shares both in the risk and in the commitment and enthusiasm that go along with it. Team members are not likely to say, “This cannot be produced. It can never break even. It will never sell.” They are involved as a team because they want to be, and they have a lot invested in making the idea work.
3M then supports its teams by saying to them in effect, “We are committed to you as a group. You will move forward with your product into the marketplace and benefit from its growth. But we cannot promise to keep you together forever as a new venture team. We will do our best to keep the team going so long as you meet our standard financial measures of performance throughout the life cycle of the product. If you fail, we will give you a backup commitment of job security at the level of job you left to join the venture. We cannot promise any specific job. But if you try hard and work diligently and simply fail, then we will at least guarantee you a backup job.”
And some 3M ventures do get cancelled. Although the company will not reveal its success/failure data, it has said that its ratio of success is comparable to that of other organizations. The key difference, of course, is that 3M starts many more new ventures.
Measures of Performance
The financial measures that 3M applies to new ventures are simple and to the point: ROI, profit margin, and sales growth rate. Only if a product team meets these criteria will the company make every effort to keep it going. These measures are straightforward and objective. What sets 3M’s standards apart, however, is what they do not include. First, they do not require a minimum “promised” size in sales volume for any given product idea. Instead, 3M says something like this to its product teams:

“Our experience tells us that prior to its entry into the market, we do not really know how to anticipate the sales growth of a new product. Consequently, we will make market forecasts that stick after you have entered the market, not before. We will listen to your ideas, argue with them, and do all kinds of analyses and estimates, but we will not say at the outset, ‘The idea must be capable of generating $50 million or $100 million per year in sales.’ Of course, we prefer larger businesses, but we will accept smaller businesses as entries into new fields.”

Further, 3M’s standards do not place area-of-business constraints on the generation of new product ideas. Unlike most other companies, it does not say to its teams, “Whatever ideas you come up with are fine, so long as they fall within business areas where we are strong.” Nor does it say, “We want your new ideas—provided, of course, that the resulting products can be manufactured in our existing plants out of our existing stocks of raw materials and can be sold through our existing sales and distribution channels.”
Reward Systems
The final element of 3M’s approach to new ventures is its handling of rewards. All individuals involved in a new venture will have more or less automatic changes in their employment and compensation categories as a function of the sales growth of their product. Moreover, because the stimulation and sponsorship of new products is a responsibility of management at all levels, 3M has established special compensation incentives for those managers who are able to “breed” new ventures or departments.
Key Lessons from Venture Studies
I can make with confidence only three summary generalizations about successful new venture strategies. 
 
They require long-term persistence. How long is long-term? At the bare minimum, if a corporation is not willing to commit itself to a five-to seven-year involvement, then it should not even think of undertaking new ventures. What is needed is “patient money”—money in the hands of an executive group that is centrally concerned with the future growth and development of the company, money that need not generate payoffs in the next few years. In fact, ten to twelve years is a more reasonable time span.
They depend on entrepreneurial behavior. The basis of every venture strategy is the attempt by a large company either to link up with or to emulate a small entrepreneurial company. In a sense this is surprising because it violates many of the textbook arguments for economies of scale. Yet in increasing numbers multimillion-and multibillion-dollar corporations are trying to scale down their manner of operating when they want to enter new business areas. They have rediscovered the special virtues of building an entrepreneurial organization and of harnessing entrepreneurial energy.
No single strategy works for all. What works for 3M will not necessarily work for every company. There are no magic formulas, and it is dangerously misleading to mimic the particular success of others. The current state of knowledge about venturing supports a far more modest conclusion: a variety of possible venture strategies is available, and it is up to each company’s management to assess its own special needs, abilities, and personnel. This is simple common sense, but—like much sound managerial wisdom—it is all too often forgotten.
1. Sharon Sabin, “At Nuclepore, They Don’t Work for G.E. Anymore,” Fortune, December 1973, p. 145.
2. James D. Hlavacek, Brian H. Dovey, and John J. Biondo, “Tie Small Business Technology to Marketing Power,” HBR January–February 1977, p. 119.
3. “Exxon’s Next Prey: IBM and Xerox,” Business Week, April 28, 1980, p.
4. Russell W. Peterson, “New Venture Management in a Large Company,” HBR May–June 1967, p. 68.
5. Five of these studies are referenced in my article, “Technology Strategy for the European Firm,” Industrial Marketing Management, August 1975, p. 193.
6. See my article, “Entrepreneurship and Technology,” Research Management, vol. XI, no. 4, 1968, p. 249.

A version of this article appeared in the July 1980 issue of Harvard Business Review.








 Dr. Roberts is David Sarnoff Professor of Management of Technology and Chairman, Technology and Health Management Group at the Sloan School of Management, Massachusetts Institute of Technology. He is also cofounder and president of Pugh-Roberts Associates, Inc. Among his dozens of publications are five books, including: The Dynamics of Research and Development (Harper & Row, 1964); The Dynamics of Human Service Delivery, with G. Levin et al. (Ballinger, 1976); and Managerial Applications of System Dynamics, editor (MIT Press, 1978). This is his first article for HBR. 








This article is about INNOVATION




 Follow this topic



 Following





Related Topics:

Strategy
Product development
Joint ventures














						Loading...
					












				Loading...
			























Partner Center
































  















Eniac Ventures























































              PORTFOLIO
            



              ABOUT
            



              TEAM
            



              NEWS
            




 















          Announcing Fund IV
        






Companies















Meditation for Fidgety Skeptics
Boston,
 Ma










Rent unique places to stay from local hosts in
                    190+ countries.
San Francisco, CA
















True Public Radio
San Francisco, CA















Next generation online auto financing.
San Francisco















Save Time and Money On Every Shopping Trip
Washington, DC













BetterCompany is a safe place that surfaces
                    key workplace issues, opinions and topics while fostering
                    healthy conversations.
San Francisco, CA










Biobeats builds technologies that respond to
                    physiologic data and learns how users interact with them.
London,
 England














The products you love in bulk delivered to your door.
New York,
 NY










Breezy is a world leader in secure mobile
                    printing.
New York, NY










Brightwheel is the first SAAS platform for
                    early education.
San Francisco, CA









ACQUIRED


ACQUIRED BY



Cameo allows you to easily create beautiful
                    short films on your own or with friends.
New York, NY














Say it with video! Choose your favorite sound,
                    record yourself on Dubsmash and send it to your friends.
Berlin, Germany














Eden solves all of your tech frustrations in
                    the home.
San Francisco, CA














Elevate is your personal brain trainer.
                    Available on the App Store and Google Play.
San Francisco, CA















Visibility you didn't have before
Los Angeles,
 CA














Family concierge service for seniors and their
                    families.
San Francisco, CA














Fitocracy helps you get in better shape by
                    giving you the guidance, tools, and motivation you need to
                    succeed.
New York, NY














Fleksy offers an innovative keyboard designed
                    to make typing on any touchscreen device fast, accurate, and
                    easy.
San Francisco, CA









ACQUIRED


ACQUIRED BY

Fondu is a fun and easy way to share bite-size
                    restaurant reviews with your friends.
New York, NY














Big Data, Better Health - Health insights from
                    passive behavior data for providers, patients and
                    caregivers.
San Francisco, CA














Live video messaging app for iOS and
                    Android.
Jerusalem, Israel














Hinge is a social dating app that connects
                    users with their friends' single friends.
New York, NY















Reinventing transportation to eliminate barriers of time and distance.  

Los Angeles, CA











ACQUIRED


ACQUIRED BY



A new way to measure the world. Software that
                    turns any webcam into an intelligent sensor.
New York, NY











ACQUIRED


ACQUIRED BY



Use Instinctiv for desktop and mobile to sync,
                    manage and discover your entire music library.
New York, NY














The leading mobile job discovery app. Find
                    your dream job.
San Francisco, CA














Jump Ramp Games is a mobile gaming
                    studio.
New York, NY











ACQUIRED


ACQUIRED BY



Kanvas is a mobile platform for creative self
                    expression.
New York, NY














LaunchKey is the quick, private and secure way
                    to sign in or authenticate without passwords.
Las Vegas, NV














Localytics is the most powerful app analytics
                    platform available.
Boston, CA














Luxe Valet is the first and finest valet
                    parking on demand service.
San Francisco, CA














The First Recommendation Engine for Customer
                    Experience Management.
New York, NY














The best way to collect, relive, and share
                    your memories.
New York, NY














MeowChat is a fun way to chat and meet new
                    friends
New York, NY














One bot, every platform.
Austin,
 TX









ACQUIRED


ACQUIRED BY

Metaresolver powers smarter media buying on
                    mobile platforms through tighter targeting using proprietary
                    data.
San Francisco, CA














Pioneering innovative ways to make AR real across an impressive range of industries and audiences
San Mateo, CA














Present anywhere, locally or remotely, from
                    your tablet or smartphone
New York, NY














Particle is a mobile data automation platform
                    for app owners.
New York, NY














The world's first Head-Up Display (HUD) made
                    for any car & all the apps you love.
San Francisco, CA














Neumob speeds up Mobile Apps for the next 5
                    billion users around the globe.
San Francisco, CA











ACQUIRED


ACQUIRED BY
Viber
The most powerful social layer for mobile game
                    developers.
Tel Aviv, Israel









ACQUIRED


ACQUIRED BY

Reinventing the mobile web to let publishers
                    make their content delightful across all major mobile
                    platforms.
New York, NY














The world's first smart baby monitor that
                    alerts you if your child stops breathing in the middle of the
                    night, so you can rest assured.
Salt Lake City, UT















Instant Moving Pictures
New York,
 New York















Smarter Prescription Refills. Same copay, free delivery & real service
San Francisco, CA














Qualia empowers marketers with the ability to
                    respond to real-time expressions of consumer intent.
New York, NY














Cover what you care about.
Boston,
 MA















Cloud and mobile based tool for creating daily construction reports.  

San Diego, CA














Empowering the American worker with easy-to-use, collaborative industrial robots.
Baltimore, MD















Instantly book a luxury hotel room near you and pay by the minute.  

San Francisco, CA











ACQUIRED


ACQUIRED BY




Deliver cohesive messaging to qualified consumers at scale while measuring the impact to your bottom line all in one platform  

Irvine, CA














Making the world’s first hand-held CNC machine.
San Francisco, CA















A daily text to help you thrive.
Brooklyn,
 NY















Create beautiful tutorials with the tap of
                    your finger.
New York, NY














Message new people nearby.
San Francisco, CA









ACQUIRED


ACQUIRED BY

Simperium builds a platform for syncing
                    content among people and their devices.
New York, NY














Signal 360 delivers content to smart devices
                    through imperceptible sound waves.
New York, NY














Snips is using Artificial Intelligence to make
                    technology disappear.
Paris, France














SoundCloud is an online audio distribution
                    platform.
Berlin, Germany









ACQUIRED


ACQUIRED BY

Empowering sales organizations to accelerate
                    pipeline, improve forecasting and maximize sales
                    productivity.
San Francisco, CA















The first business intelligence bot for Slack and Microsoft Teams.  

San Francisco, CA














A truly individual solution for all employees
                    to create extraordinary customer relationships.
Cupertino, CA














TapToLearn makes fun, learning games for
                    tablet devices.
Menlo Park, CA









ACQUIRED


ACQUIRED BY

TapCommerce is the leader in mobile
                    retargeting.
New York, NY









ACQUIRED


ACQUIRED BY

A smart calendar that finds everything you
                    need to be prepared.
Menlo Park, CA









ACQUIRED


ACQUIRED BY

A mobile social network for instant opinions
                    from real people
New York, NY














We'll find your subscriptions and cancel the ones you don't want.
San Francisco, CA














Trumaker enables its team of local independent
                    outfitters with technology to collect customer measurements and
                    preferences.
San Francisco, CA














The World's First All-Cellular Business Phone
                    System.
New York, NY















Viro Media is the creator of Viro, a platform for web and mobile developers to easily create immersive VR experiences.  

Seattle, WA














The ad platform for location-based media
New York, NY














Vungle products provide necessary
                    infrastructure for app monetization through video ads.
San Francisco, CA














The easy and fun way to build a website on your phone, in less than a minute
Brooklyn, NY











ACQUIRED


ACQUIRED BY



Workflow, create powerful workflows for iOS.
San Francisco, CA














The first banking experience that combines debit-style functionality with credit card rewards  

San Francisco, CA








About us



      ABOUT US
    

      At Eniac Ventures we lead seed rounds in bold founders who use code to create transformational companies. Armed with over 80 years of combined experience building our own companies, we are your active partners and consider ourselves a member of your founding team. Providing capital is just the first step, when we lead your seed round we provide the industry’s most comprehensive support through our Eniac Platform and hands on approach.
We're hiring a PR Manager. Click to learn more!






      INVESTMENT PROFILE
    


        We Lead Seed Rounds in Bold Founders Who Use Code to Create Transformational Companies
      

         In the future, the way we interact with technology will be drastically different, all the screens people currently interact with will disappear and be replaced by more humanistic and natural interfaces. Instead of tapping on a phone, you might message with friends using gestures and voice and receive replies in augmented reality. We think of this as a new era of seamless computing and it is why we are especially interested in funding: Conversational UIs, Robotics, VR/AR, and Software Disrupting Mature Industries. We see artificial intelligence as a layer that will power all these sectors.

  
Because the partners all have a strong technical background, we look for founders who not only have the vision, but also the chops to build the best products, and the grit required to power through the ups and downs. We generally look for companies we believe can take a monopolistic position in their market. We also have to believe the founder is uniquely positioned to exploit a highly attractive market in terms of competition, size, growth rate and timing.  
      

        The Eniac Platform
      

       From the beginning one of the keys to Eniac’s success has been taking a holistic approach to supporting our portfolio. With Eniac you get four partners for the price of one, and each partner uses their unique experience to open doors and advise our investments. The result has led to companies that consistently bring quality product to market, find follow on investment and have a measurable impact across industries.
With each fund our approach has evolved and expanded to address the growing needs of our portfolio companies. We want our founders to focus on their product, so we created the Eniac Platform. Term sheets are just the first step, working with Eniac companies enjoy the following support: 
Talent recruiter to find the best employees, especially in engineering
Public relations and marketing specialist on staff to help your product reach the audiences that matter from launch through growth
Operations resources to organize your staff and install best practices
Business development and networking opportunities with thousands of the top companies, investors, and brands
Connections to other founders in Eniac’s portfolio to explore synergies and opportunities  
Fundraising support including pitch deck guidance, follow on investor strategy, and syndicate building







Team



      WHO WE ARE
    

 Although Eniac Ventures began investing in 2010, the roots trace back to four like-minded University of Pennsylvania students over two decades ago. After college our partners set out on separate but parallel paths as serial entrepreneurs but maintained a strong bond and network of support. Today our combined 80 years of experience building over a dozen companies, and our belief in a strong community are at the heart and soul of our investment approach. 
    





Hadley Harris
FOUNDING GENERAL PARTNER
read bio





Nihal Mehta
FOUNDING GENERAL PARTNER
read bio





Vic Singh
FOUNDING GENERAL PARTNER
read bio





Tim Young
FOUNDING GENERAL PARTNER
read bio





Anna Ring
HEAD OF PLATFORM
read bio





Hadley Harris
FOUNDING GENERAL PARTNER


        Hadley has done a little bit of everything on the path to co-founding Eniac. Starting as an engineer at Pegasystems, he later took on roles as a product manager at Microsoft and strategist at Samsung, where it became clear that big companies were not for him.

In 2007 he was very fortunate to join a very talented AI team out of MIT at Vlingo where he ran a few aspects of the business across product and marketing until it was sold to Nuance for $225M. He rolled his experience building a successful startup into Thumb where as CMO he helped the real-time recommendation app reach user engagement levels second only to Facebook before being acquired. 

Hadley grew up in downtown Boston, which shaped his lifelong love of science, hip hop and the New England Patriots.  Outside the office Hadley enjoys jogging, meditating, mixing music and traveling the world. 
Hadley is passionate about improving the lives of people with intellectual and developmental disabilities, which stems from his close relationship with his brother Traves.  He is a development board member for Cardinal Cushing Centers where Traves was a student and current member of its adult program.
  
Hadley is still paying off student loans for his MBA from Wharton and bachelors in Engineering from the University of Pennsylvania.  
      



 @hadley  
 


 @hadley  





Nihal Mehta
FOUNDING GENERAL PARTNER

        At Eniac we call Nihal the human rolodex, thanks to the thousands of connections he has made with some of world’s top companies and brands. He developed many of these connections over the past 20 years while founding five different high tech startups. Most recently Nihal was the founding CEO of LocalResponse, where he grew revenues 2153% in three years and landed them at number 204 in the 2014 INC. 5000’s Fastest Growing Companies. Prior to LocalResponse, Nihal founded buzzd, the first real-time mobile cityguide, and ipsh!, one of the first full-service mobile marketing agencies in 2001, which was acquired by Omnicom (NYSE: OMC) in 2005.
  
Even before founding Eniac, Nihal honed his ability to spot top entrepreneurial talent by investing in Admob (acquired by Google), Swiftkey (acquired by Microsoft), Tala, Tapad (acquired by Telenor), and Uber to name a few. Because of his experience both building and funding top technologies, he frequently guest lectures at business schools around the country on entrepreneurship and mobile marketing, and is published in over 15 books and white papers on the subject. 
  
Outside of the office Nihal loves to spend time with his wife Reshma and is a big supporter of her non-profit Girls Who Code. Around town you will usually see him with his son Shaan and beagle-bulldog Stanley. Nihal is the life of the party, which is why he always spearheads Eniac events. 
  
Nihal graduated from the University of Pennsylvania with a BA in Philosophy and a BSE in Computer Science.  
      



 @nihalmehta  





Vic Singh
FOUNDING GENERAL PARTNER

Vic Singh is a serial entrepreneur and co-founder of Eniac Ventures. He cut his teeth building products for the consumer internet with an emphasis on communication and developer tools. Most recently Vic was founder and CEO of Kanvas, a mobile platform for creativity which he led to a successful exit by Aol. Vic previously founded Tracks, a venture backed mobile platform for collaboration around experiences and NearVerse, a platform for location based peer to peer media sharing. Before he was a founder, Vic was a venture capitalist at RRE Ventures where he focused on consumer and cleantech technology. He started his career building large scale enterprise systems as a developer. 
  
Outside of the board room, Vic loves to spend time with his wife and two year old daughter Layla, who he is teaching to cook. He was born in the Caribbean in Guyana and loves to bring West Indian spice into his cuisine. Vic is a 90s hip hop head and even though he grew up in Queens, he can’t get enough 2Pac. 
  
Vic holds an MBA from Columbia Business School where he was a Robert Toigo Foundation Fellow and a BSE from the University of Pennsylvania where we earned the National Science Foundation Fellow for his work in Micro-electro Mechanical Systems.  
      



 @vicsingh  





Tim Young
FOUNDING GENERAL PARTNER

        The partners call Tim the closer because of his ability to find the best partners and close rounds for our portfolio companies. Prior to co-founding Eniac, Tim honed this skill over 20 years investing and building his own companies. In 2001, Tim founded Bridge, an enterprise software company focused on corporate training in Beijing, China, which he led to an 8-figure exit. Prior to Bridge, Tim led product at Quoteship which exited to Logistics.com  (NASDAQ: ICGE).  He also worked for ExxonMobil as a developer and Mofo where he advised startups on IP and financing.
  
During his downtime, you can find Tim exploring the mountains or oceans. He has found a way to combine his passions for travel and waves, having surfed on five continents and plans to sail to Hawaii in the upcoming Pacific Cup.
  
Tim started as an engineer and earned his BSE in Chemical and Biomolecular Engineering from the University of Pennsylvania, where he received the Bristol-Myers Squibb award for his work in cancer research. Tim also returned to earn a J.D. from the University of Pennsylvania Law School.  




 @timy0ung  





Anna Ring
HEAD OF PLATFORM
  
Anna has worked in business operations for over a decade, using her broad background in finance, human resources, and administration management to help companies grow. She has overseen growth from just a handful of employees to over 100, all while keeping chaos at bay with proactive strategies.
  
In addition to keeping things running smoothly at Eniac Ventures, Anna provides vital support to our portfolio companies by establishing processes, operational systems, and implementing best practices. 
  
When Anna is not improving systems and processes, you can find her hiking in the Bay Area or deadlifting at the gym. In the evenings Anna turns to her passion for gastronomy and is either exploring new restaurants or throwing dinner parties. 
  
Anna moved from Europe to California in 2004 for college and she graduated from University of California Santa Cruz with a BA in Business Management Economics. Back then she promised her family she would only be gone for 4 years, but it’s now been over 12 years thanks to the charm of the San Francisco Bay Area. 
 




News








                keyholeco
            

                Jul 28th, 2017
            




            The future of #DigitalMarketing could lie in adaptive content. See why via @MarciaRJohnston: https://t.co/1ZILP2hxnD #ContentMarketing
        

 




                Circa
            

                Jul 28th, 2017
            




            It's the new normal, farmer's markets over grocery stores. That's a good thing, right?
 https://t.co/dSEDpamK6k https://t.co/Z3iPOoTI5Z
        



 




                SoundCloud
            

                Jul 28th, 2017
            




            WEEKEND KICKOFF SOUNDS https://t.co/sjbwzXYL9K https://t.co/yeTJYjrHcO
        

 




                ginger_io
            

                Jul 28th, 2017
            




            A thought-provoking read about reaching your full potential using confidence to your advantage https://t.co/VEkGcdVJ6V
        

 




                SugarCRM
            

                Jul 28th, 2017
            




            We are proud to sponsor the #iheartmktg Roadshow in #NYC on 8/8! Join us along with 100s #marketing professionals!… https://t.co/mPIH306HUg
        

 




                kanvas
            

                Jul 28th, 2017
            




            You saw it first...the flower beard! Coming soon to an app near you! https://t.co/WOlhwsAJBT
        



 




                owletbabycare
            

                Jul 28th, 2017
            




            Glad that we could help out this new mom! Read about @jessica__lynna experience with the Smart Sock 2 on her blog.… https://t.co/GGdHcI2BCa
        

 




                vistarmedia
            

                Jul 28th, 2017
            




            TGIF! How many hours til sunset? https://t.co/cGswncQUiT #DOOH @sainsburys @JCDecaux_UK
        

 




                Neumob
            

                Jul 28th, 2017
            




            Great list, to which we would add: your app's error rate + your app's speed by network & country. https://t.co/MD0ThjncBK
        

 




                Localytics
            

                Jul 28th, 2017
            




            Find out how #apps like @vivino + @untappd are building communities of enthusiastic, engaged users 🍻 https://t.co/IYTsKFq516
        

 




                10percent
            

                Jul 28th, 2017
            




            Outsourced your brain to your smart phone? Read how digital technology affects cognition and how to change it… https://t.co/gVsRhRbEjN
        

 




                fleksy
            

                Jul 28th, 2017
            




            hello @debashish_30! you can vote for features and languages in our public roadmap here: https://t.co/j3jC9sURHe. Happy Typing!
        

 




                navdyInc
            

                Jul 28th, 2017
            




            👍 https://t.co/yu3pVR6hEL
        

 




                Airbnb
            

                Jul 28th, 2017
            




            "Ever since I was young, I’ve survived by telling myself 3 words: I am somebody"

Acceptance starts with all of us.… https://t.co/TUNYIyrpZJ
        

 




                BoxedWholesale
            

                Jul 28th, 2017
            




            What's better than Rolo the puppy playing with Prince & Spring toilet paper? Our Prince & Spring birthday sale!… https://t.co/THhRzp3whv
        

 




                ElevateLabs
            

                Jul 28th, 2017
            




            Can you find a more complimentary way to say the phrase below? Play more Eloquence here >> https://t.co/MNSPTajz4K https://t.co/MD5KWnUJ0y
        



 




                fitocracy
            

                Jul 28th, 2017
            




            Great meal prep ideas on the site this week ! https://t.co/PvmuY9VtaD
        



 




                LaunchKey
            

                Jul 28th, 2017
            




            Learn how to achieve GDPR compliance through MFA without sacrificing customer experience #authentication… https://t.co/EKpKFFOxvA
        

 




                mParticles
            

                Jul 28th, 2017
            




            #TagManagers work well enough on the mobile web, but #apps are a different ball game. Here's why:… https://t.co/5yy6vULKIt
        

 




                snips
            

                Jul 28th, 2017
            




            🗣How to build a Snips Voice Platform 🌦 weather assistant ☀️ with just a mic, a speaker and a @Raspberry_Pi .… https://t.co/7IvwKtN9Lb
        

 















Plymouth Ventures closes $61 mln for third fund - PE Hub























































SUBSCRIBE TO PE HUB WIRE
Join over 60,000 of your peers
Get the must-read email for PE/VC professionals delivered to your inbox daily
        — for free!







US Edition (daily)



Canada Edition (weekly)


We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties.


I accept the Terms and Conditions




SUBSCRIBE YES! No






RegisterSign in



A Community for Professionals in Private Capital



































Plymouth Ventures closes $61 mln for third fund


July 17, 2014
By Iris Dorbian



Print
Email





Share via email


Separate multiple email addresses with commas

Share
Send me a copy



Email preview

To: 
From: 
Subject: Look at this story on PE HUB
Plymouth Ventures closes $61 mln for third fund
Ann Arbor, Michigan-based Plymouth Ventures has raised $61 million in the final close of its oversubscribed third fund. As in the case of its predecessor, this fund will focus on growth-stage firms in the Great Lakes region.
Continue reading on PE HUB
 writes: 



















Ann Arbor, Michigan-based Plymouth Ventures has raised $61 million in the final close of its oversubscribed third fund. As in the case of its predecessor, this fund will focus on growth-stage firms in the Great Lakes region.
PRESS RELEASE
ANN ARBOR, Mich., July 16, 2014 /PRNewswire/ — Plymouth Ventures announced today the final close for Plymouth Venture Partners III (PVP III). Surpassing its fundraising target of $60 million, PVP III will continue to execute on the same strategy and focus as PVP II. The fund will invest in growth stage businesses located in the Great Lakes region. With the close of the PVP III, Plymouth Ventures now has over $100 million in committed capital under management.
Plymouth Ventures
The fundraising process for PVP III was completed in just eight months. Managing Partner Mark Horne stated, “We are delighted to close so quickly on PVP III and continue to deploy capital to growth stage companies here in the Great Lakes region. We were fortunate to have strong backing from our PVP II limited partners, who are participating in PVP III in large numbers, and from institutions – over 50% of PVP III’s committed capital comes from regional institutions.”
As part of this raise, Plymouth Ventures took on a new partner, Evan Ufer, who is focusing on generating deal flow and closing investments, and a Chief Financial Officer, Chris Frick, who is managing Plymouth’s back office financial activities and the company’s third-party service providers.
Horne continued: “It was important for us to continue investing without interruption, and we are pleased to have accomplished that goal. Deal flow is strong, and we are excited about the opportunities we are seeing in the Great Lakes region. My Partners and I look forward to deepening our involvement in cities such as Cleveland, Cincinnati, and Indianapolis, while continuing our emphasis across the state of Michigan and in the Chicago metro area.”
About Plymouth Venture Partners III, L.P.
Fund III is a follow-on fund to Plymouth Venture Partners I and II, which have collectively invested in 39 companies since 2003. Plymouth Venture Partners III invests in growth stage companies in the Great Lakes region.
About Plymouth Ventures
Plymouth Ventures is the manager for Plymouth Venture Partners I, Plymouth Venture Partners II, and Plymouth Venture Partners III. The company has five partners, Mark Horne, Ian Bund, Jeff Barry, Kevin Terrasi and Evan Ufer. It is headquartered in Ann Arbor, Michigan. For more information, please visit www.plymouthvc.com.
 
 





Print
Email





Share via email


Separate multiple email addresses with commas

Share
Send me a copy



Email preview

To: 
From: 
Subject: Look at this story on PE HUB
Plymouth Ventures closes $61 mln for third fund
Ann Arbor, Michigan-based Plymouth Ventures has raised $61 million in the final close of its oversubscribed third fund. As in the case of its predecessor, this fund will focus on growth-stage firms in the Great Lakes region.
Continue reading on PE HUB
 writes: 














DON'T MISS OUT! Meet new and diverse managers in private equity, venture capital and real estate at the third Emerging Manager Connect East at New York City's Harvard Club. CLICK HERE FOR DETAILS!  









Sign up to our Newsletter

Receive updates from our PE HUB Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters:


First Name:



Last Name:



Email Address:




US Edition (daily)



Canada Edition (weekly)


We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties.


I accept the Terms and Conditions









You are now subscribed to the PEHub Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters. 




Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC produces several free newsletters that are sent directly to the email you provide at registration (namely, PE Hub Wire, PE Hub Canada Wire, PE Hub Wire Top Story of the Week, Buyouts Daily, and VCJ Alert). To enable us to keep providing these services free of charge, we reserve the right to contact you with special invitations to sample or purchase private equity-related products. 
By submitting this free subscription request for any of these products, you are also consenting to this communication. Should you ever wish to unsubscribe from a particular communication you may activate the unsubscribe mechanism at the bottom of the email. This will discontinue both the special invitations mentioned previously, as well as your subscription to the weekly newsletter. The information you provide will be safeguarded by Argosy Group LLC/Buyouts Insider. The company’s subsidiaries may use it to keep you informed of relevant products and services. We occasionally allow reputable companies outside of the company to mail details of products which may be of interest to you. As an international group, we may transfer your data on a global basis for the purposes indicated above. 
WE WILL NEVER SHARE YOUR EMAIL OR CONTACT DETAILS WITH ANY OUTSIDE COMPANY HOWEVER.

			    Should you have any questions please do not hesitate to contact us: [email protected].
	    	

 




Top Posts New oil and gas company Native racks up $140 mln
by Iris Dorbian

KKR to buy Nature’s Bounty from Carlyle
by Luisa Beltran

BlackRock leads funding round for fintech platform iCapital
by Iris Dorbian

Platinum Equity to buy United Site Services
by Luisa Beltran

The PE HUB Podcast, Episode Two
by Staff Report

Private Equity Jobs of the Week: Priceline, KPMG, NovaQuest are hiring
by Eamon Murphy

The carve-out curveball
by peHUBlogger Network

Raymond James expands team with new hire
by Iris Dorbian

 
































 SECGems: Slow Ventures III, L.P. 







































  







			Data feeds now available
			Excel / CSV / Java / Python /etc 
Database
Learn more









  




  


  






























 Slow Ventures III, L.P. 
		     










 Info




 Ownership




 Filings
1













	 
	
	 775 E BLITHEDALE AVENUE, #515
	 
	
	
	   MILL VALLEY, 
	   CA, 
	  
	
	  
		
		

			
			 
		
		
		
		 USA
		
	
	   (415) 328-7703    
	    

						        









Filing DateCurrent and former namesChanged on date




2016-11-23Slow Ventures III, L.P.








Central Index Key (CIK)
0001688970
State of Incorporation
DE
Country of Incorporation
USA
Fiscal year end
1231










Form D Related Persons# Filings





 Dave Morin


1




 Kevin Colleran


1




 Sam Lessin


1




 Scott Marlette


1




 Slow Ventures GP III LLC


1




 Will Quist


1











All related persons/companies# Filings





 Slow Ventures III-A, L.P. (0001688969) 


1







 








db
 
 








































