










 




PR Asset Portfolio 2013-1 International, LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg








































  





















































































July 28, 2017 4:12 PM ET

Company Overview of PR Asset Portfolio 2013-1 International, LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview



3rd Floor270 Avenida Muñoz RiveraSan Juan, PR 00918United States










Key Executives for PR Asset Portfolio 2013-1 International, LLC


PR Asset Portfolio 2013-1 International, LLC does not have any Key Executives recorded. 





Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 	Aryzta Us Holdings I Corp. United States 	Michael Anthony Hernandez, A Professional Corp United States !SOLUTIONS! Group United States "Atlantic Tele-Satellite, Inc. United States "D" Construction, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact PR Asset Portfolio 2013-1 International, LLC, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 









Property Overview - Small Asset Portfolio 1 LLC Cincinnati Medical Office Portfolio - YouTube 


 
  














































 
 

 
Skip navigation
  
 

 
Sign inSearch

 





Loading...
    






 


Close

 


 

 Yeah, keep it
Undo
Close
 




              This video is unavailable.

    







Watch QueueQueueWatch QueueQueue 
Remove allDisconnect







The next video is startingstop 


Loading...
    

 



 

Watch Queue
    
Queue

__count__/__total__
    









 









































 


 

Find out whyClose






    Property Overview - Small Asset Portfolio 1 LLC Cincinnati Medical Office Portfolio
  



 










Mascia Development, LLC













Loading...
    







        Unsubscribe from Mascia Development, LLC?
      


Cancel
Unsubscribe










        Working...
    










SubscribeSubscribedUnsubscribe2 











Loading...
    









Loading...
    













        Working...
    












 
Add to

Want to watch this again later?

      Sign in to add this video to a playlist.
    
Sign in


Share

 More
 


Report


Need to report the video?

      Sign in to report inappropriate content.
    
Sign in





Transcript




Statistics



Add translations

94 views







0

Like this video?

      Sign in to make your opinion count.
    
Sign in



1


0

Don't like this video?

      Sign in to make your opinion count.
    
Sign in



1











Loading...
    











Loading...
    





Transcript
    





The interactive transcript could not be loaded.
      








Loading...
    








Loading...
    





Rating is available when the video has been rented.




      This feature is not available right now. Please try again later.
    




Published on Sep 26, 2016Property Overview of Small Asset Portfolio 1 LLC a Cincinnati Medical Office Portfolio for Investment. This is not an offer to invest. 



      Category
    

Howto & Style




      License
    

Standard YouTube License




 Show more
Show less






Loading...
    















Autoplay


When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next. 

 


        Up next
      






    Property Overview - Contrarian Investment Camelot Center LLC - Retail Property With Upside
  

     - Duration: 4:17.
  
Mascia Development, LLC
254 views



4:17














    How to Buy Your First Rental Property in an IRA | Mark J Kohler | Tax & Legal Tip
  

     - Duration: 10:00.
  
Mark J Kohler
3,647 views



10:00





    Should I buy property in my name, company or a trust?
  

     - Duration: 7:53.
  
Private Property
16,789 views



7:53





    Wow !!! Small Backyard Ideas With Grass
  

     - Duration: 4:47.
  
Home Design Inspiration
7,794 views



4:47





    Asset Management: Industry Overview and Careers in Asset Management
  

     - Duration: 4:45.
  
365 Careers
42,373 views



4:45





    Basic Rental Real Estate Structure
  

     - Duration: 5:50.
  
Anderson Business Advisors
1,468 views



5:50





    From One to Two. When to buy the second investment property
  

     - Duration: 42:17.
  
Wakelin Property Advisory Melbourne
796 views



42:17





    Why MultiFamily Real Estate is the Best Investment - Grant Cardone
  

     - Duration: 3:58.
  
Grant Cardone
4,225 views



3:58





    How important is asset selection? Buyer's Agents Tips from Bryce Holdaway
  

     - Duration: 11:22.
  
Empower Wealth - Property
1,486 views



11:22





    Buy properties from asset managers
  

     - Duration: 48:12.
  
Connected Investors
985 views



48:12





    How To Start Your Property Portfolio From Scratch
  

     - Duration: 6:15.
  
Natural Hair Growth by Neno Natural
3,741 views



6:15





    Capital gains and capital losses and section 1231 assets- cpa exam regulation ch 14 p 1
  

     - Duration: 15:03.
  
Farhat's Accounting Lectures
3,260 views



15:03





    Depreciation Made Easy
  

     - Duration: 4:23:49.
  
Pacific Northwest Tax School
6,755 views



4:23:49





    Commercial Real Estate Lending Today
  

     - Duration: 26:44.
  
The Commercial Real Estate Show - Sponsored by Bull Realty
1,578 views



26:44





    How to create $768,000 in value in an Apartment Building by Jay "Mr. Real Estate" Morrison
  

     - Duration: 14:35.
  
JayMrRealEstate
57,066 views



14:35





    Mobile Asset Tracking, Inventory Management In The Field Using A Smartphone
  

     - Duration: 5:12.
  
AHG, Inc.
5,152 views



5:12





    Intro to Real Estate Asset Protection Channel
  

     - Duration: 0:59.
  
Clint Coons
997 views



0:59





    Claiming depreciation and building deductions for your rental property
  

     - Duration: 3:36.
  
Australian Taxation Office
22,341 views



3:36





    Wave for Real Estate Asset Managers
  

     - Duration: 2:10.
  
Fortimize
816 views



2:10





    Reduce Taxable Income Property Process at Property Asset Planning
  

     - Duration: 0:53.
  
Wanda Chipman
21 views



0:53











  

 
Language:
  
  English



 
Content location:
  
  United States



 
Restricted Mode:
  
Off



History Help





Loading...
    






Loading...
    






Loading...
    


 About
Press
Copyright
Creators
Advertise
Developers
+YouTube
 Terms
Privacy

Policy & Safety
  
Send feedback

Test new features













Loading...
    














        Working...
    









 
Sign in to add this to Watch Later

    
 

Add to
    





        Loading playlists...
    


 


 






Investment Strategies / Products - Waterfall Asset ManagementWaterfall Asset Management













































Waterfall Asset Management


Our Company


Waterfall Asset Management is an SEC-registered specialist credit manager focused on high-yield Asset Backed Securities (ABS) and real estate and consumer debt investment.
Waterfall was founded in 2005 by Tom Capasse and Jack Ross, two individuals who helped establish the ABS industry, and who share 60+ combined years of proven ABS/Loan trading, banking and servicing leadership experience.
Capasse and Ross started the ABS Group at Merrill Lynch in the 1980s and conducted the first ABS issuances for many of the more than 40 ABS sectors in which Waterfall currently invests, including Small Balance Commercial Loans.
With $6.8 billion in assets under management ( as of 3/31/2017), Waterfall is noted for its relative value approach to investment.
Leveraging the extensive experience of its founding partners and expert portfolio managers, the firm sources, analyzes, and purchases non-traditional investments in an effort to seek an attractive risk/return profile.
By focusing on specialized "off the run" investments, Waterfall seeks to provide its clients with attractive, competitive returns that are uncorrelated to most traditional investment sectors. Waterfall Asset Management's headquarter offices are located in New York City.



















Investment Strategies / Products


HIGH-YIELD ASSET BACKED SECURITIESLOAN OPPORTUNITY STRATEGYSMALL BALANCE COMMERCIAL LOANS







 HIGH-YIELD ASSET BACKED SECURITIES Despite the recovery in the multi-trillion dollar global Asset Backed Securities (ABS) market since the depths of the financial crisis, hundreds of billions of dollars of legacy distressed ABS remain outstanding.  Waterfall is strategically positioned to leverage the expertise and experience of its founding principals – Tom Capasse and Jack Ross – who established Merrill Lynch’s ABS Group in the 1980s and created many of the first securitizations.  The investable universe of ABS includes over 60 sectors and extends well beyond traditional structured credit – notably residential mortgage backed securities (RMBS).  Waterfall seeks relative value across the entire market, particularly esoteric sectors, examples of which include timeshares receivables, small balance commercial mortgages and reverse mortgages.
In addition to its multi-sector focus, Waterfall is one of the few ABS specialists to source product through three distinct channels: the distressed secondary markets, new issue market and purchase/securitization of whole loans. The firm seeks to create a considerable new issue pipeline through existing direct relationships with specialty finance companies and an expansive network of brokers. Waterfall’s high-yield strategy has the ability to employ leverage and Waterfall actively seeks to hedge both interest rate and credit (tail) risk.
The Waterfall High-Yield ABS strategy seeks to invest in assets with the following characteristics:

Strong absolute return
High current cash flow
Inflation-resistant (floating-rate)
Low correlation and volatility

 LOAN OPPORTUNITY STRATEGY Waterfall’s Loan Opportunity Strategy targets strong absolute returns through investment in distressed consumer and commercial loans. These loans are primarily acquired through banks as part of their post-crisis, de-leveraging process. Waterfall’s multi-sector loan servicing capabilities allow the strategy to adopt the same relative value approach as our ABS strategy: opportunistically targeting loan sectors in which complexity and lack of buyers enables low acquisition prices with strong resolution potential. The Loan Opportunity Strategy is actively managed and seeks to drive returns through capital gains from loan liquidations and sustainable cash flows.
The initial strategy focused on residential non-performing loans with subsequent expansion into other loan sectors, including small balance commercial and reverse mortgage loans. The strategy may seek to enhance returns through the use of non-recourse leverage via securitization.
 SMALL BALANCE COMMERCIAL LOANS As of December 2012, the Small Balance Commercial (SBC) loan sector of the real estate market was $588 billion. The credit crisis left approximately 35% credit-distressed and the exit of most lenders reduced SBC origination volume by approximately 50%. The SBC strategy seeks to capitalize on sector’s distress through the purchase of credit-distressed legacy SBC portfolios (primarily offered in the market by community banks continuing to restructure post-credit crisis); and the origination of new SBC loans funded in the securitization market. An underserved niche market, Waterfall seeks SBC loans which generally possess the following characteristics:

Approximately $750,000 average principal balance
First-lien, real-estate secured
Investor-owned real estate including mixed use, multi-family, retail and office or owner-occupied business loans

Since 2008, through its comprehensive SBC platform, Waterfall has purchased approximately $1 billion in loan assets nationwide. The firm’s expertise is founded upon the deep experience of its principals, who began actively investing in SBC loans in the early 1990s. Waterfall’s SBC strategy seeks to enhance returns through non-recourse leverage via the issuance of asset backed securities backed by SBC loans.
To view the Sutherland Asset Management Corporation Road Show presentation please use this link:
www.netroadshow.com/nrs/wp/default.html?show=edcC94 
 



















Dreyfus/The Boston Company Small Cap Value Fund Class I | Portfolio | Dreyfus Investment Management























       Individual Investors   Financial Advisors   Institutional Cash Management        Logout       My Cart  My Cart   Close                





ProductsAccount Access & FormsInsightsInvest with DreyfusA BNY MELLON COMPANY






EmailPrint this page




Dreyfus/The Boston Company Small Cap Value Fund


      			Ticker:
      		
      		
      		STSVX     


Product Code: 6944


CUSIP: 26203E851




	Share Class:
		
	
Class I
Class Y
Class A
Class C








Overview
Performance
Portfolio
Distributions
Fees & Expenses
Literature
Strategy & Risks












Portfolio Manager/Sub-Investment Adviser
The fund's investment adviser is The Dreyfus Corporation (Dreyfus). Joseph M. Corrado, CFA, Stephanie K. Brandaleone, CFA, and Jonathan J. Piskorowski, CFA, are the fund's primary portfolio managers, positions they have held since February 2000, February 2000 and October 2014, respectively. Mr. Corrado is a senior managing director and lead portfolio manager for the U.S. Small Cap Value and U.S. Small Mid Cap Value strategies at The Boston Company Asset Management, LLC (TBCAM), an affiliate of Dreyfus. Ms. Brandaleone is a director, portfolio manager and investment research analyst for the U.S. Small Cap Value and U.S. Small Mid Cap Value strategies at TBCAM. Mr. Piskorowski is a director and portfolio manager for the U.S. Small Cap Core strategy and investment research analyst for the U.S. Small Cap Value and U.S. Small Mid Cap Value strategies at TBCAM. Messrs. Corrado and Piskorowski and Ms. Brandaleone manage the fund as employees of Dreyfus.  TBCAM investment professionals manage Dreyfus-managed funds pursuant to a dual-employee arrangement, under Dreyfus' supervision, and apply their firm's proprietary investment process in managing the funds.






	Sector & Allocation
	
	
1


Asset Allocation
Sector Allocation









  	Top Holdings
  	 2





Webster Financial                                                     
1.98%


United Natural Foods                                                  
1.65%


Hancock Holding                                                       
1.41%


Umpqua Holdings                                                       
1.37%


Cambrex                                                               
1.30%


Globus Medical, Cl. A                                                 
1.20%


Associated Banc-Corporate                                             
1.16%


WGL Holdings                                                          
1.13%


DST Systems                                                           
1.12%


Pebblebrook Hotel Trust                                               
1.11%







Portfolio Statistics



Benchmark
3

Russell 2000(r) Value Index                                                                         


Number of Holdings
147
as of 06/30/17


Portfolio Turnover Rate
78.56%
as of fiscal year end 09/30/16


P/E Ratio 4
20.76
as of 05/30/17			
		


Risk Measures


as of 06/30/17


R Squared 5
54.76


Beta 6
1.01


Standard Deviation 7
14.12






Investors should consider the investment objectives, risks, charges, and expenses of the fund carefully before investing. Download a prospectus, or a summary prospectus, if available, that contains this and other information about the fund, and read it carefully before investing.

Notes & Disclosures
Portfolio composition and allocation is as of 06/30/17 and is subject to change at any time. Totals may not be exact due to rounding. Negative exposures may represent short positions through derivatives.The holdings listed should not be considered recommendations to buy or sell a security. Large concentrations can increase share price volatility.Source: Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. The Russell 2000® Value Index measures the performance of the small-cap value segment of the U.S. equity universe. It includes those Russell 2000 companies that are considered more value-oriented relative to the overall market as defined by Russell¿s leading style methodology. The Russell 2000® Value Index is constructed to provide a comprehensive and unbiased barometer for the small-cap value segment. The index is completely reconstituted annually to ensure larger stocks do not distort the performance  and characteristics of the true small-cap opportunity set and that the represented companies continue to reflect value characteristics.Price/earnings for a stock is the ratio of the company's most recent month-end share price to the company's estimated earnings per share (EPS) for the current fiscal year. If a third-party estimate for the current year EPS is not available, Morningstar will calculate an internal estimate based on the most recently reported EPS and average historical earnings growth rates. Price/ earnings is one of the five value factors used to calculate the Morningstar Style Box. For portfolios, this historical P/E data point is calculated by taking an asset-weighted average of the earnings yields (E/P) of all the stocks in the portfolio and then taking the reciprocal of the result. Source: MorningstarReflects the percentage of a fund's movements that can be explained by movements in a particular benchmark. An R-squared of 100 indicates fund movements that are perfectly correlated to those of the benchmark. In order to compare funds across general asset classes, Morningstar calculates R-squared values relative to a "standard" broad-based market index. For example, the R-squared of both a small cap, domestic equity fund and a domestic technology fund would be determined against the S&P 500 Index. Thus, the "standard" broad-based market index used by Morningstar may differ from the fund's actual benchmark stated in this factsheet. Source: MorningstarBeta is a measure of the systematic risk of a stock or a portfolio and is an indicator of expected return. A beta higher than 1.0 has higher risk than the overall market has and thus the stock or portfolio can be expected to perform in relation to the overall market in that way.A statistical measurement of dispersion around an average which depicts how widely fund returns varied over a certain period of time. Source: Morningstar






Prospectus [pdf]


Fact Sheet [pdf]





Where Dreyfus Funds Can Be Sold







			 Contact us at 1-800-DREYFUS/1-800-373-9387	   Privacy Policy Terms of Use Policies and Information   © 2017 MBSC Securities Corporation, distributor, 225 Liberty St, 19th Fl., New York, NY 10281.











Choose a date range








Quick Links


Previous Year


Previous 3 Months
Previous Month


















 


 


Small Cap Value | 


















Small Cap Value
Small Cap Core
Mid Cap
 


Home
About Us

Who We Are
History of Firm


People

Management/Board
Investment Team
Operations
Sales/Marketing


Philosophy

Investment
Risk


Products

Small Cap Value
Small Cap Core
Mid Cap


Resources

Publications


Contact

Contact Us
Office Locations


 
Small Cap Value
Investment Process


Investment philosophy and process based on Behavioral Finance will continue to drive outperformance
Blend of quantitative behavioral screens and rigorous fundamental analysis
We avoid behavioral flaws by constructing portfolios using current information, not past statistical relationships (i.e., optimizers)
Hillcrest neutralizes non-alpha factors to benchmark by only taking significant deviations relative to the benchmark on stock-specific factors like value, growth and sentiment
Hillcrest portfolios control risk by monitoring and managing sector weights, stock weights, characteristics and common factors to the Russell 2000® Value index.
Hillcrest follows both internal risk-control guidelines and any client-specific restrictions when managing portfolios.



Portfolio Construction



Benchmark
Russell 2000® Value Index


Number of Holdings:
30 to 60 (depending on the client’s risk level)


Sector Weights:
Typically -5% to +5% of Russell 2000® Value Index weights


Minimum Sector Weight:
0%


Initial Position Size:
1.5% to 4%


Turnover:
Typically about 25% to 40% annually


Liquidity:
Appropriate portion of average daily volume assuming $2 billion in strategy



 

























Portfolio


















































































 























Topics



What's New



Starbucks Shares Tumble on Fears of Slowing US Growth




FANG Stocks Hit Nasdaq with Major Bearish Reversal


Topics

News
Financial Advisors
Markets
Anxiety Index
Investing
Managing Wealth
ETFs
The Trump Economy
Retirement
Personal Finance
Trading
ETFs Made Simple
Tech
Life Stages
Small Business
Bitcoin





Reference



Dictionary
Term Of The Day

Free Rider Problem
1. In economics, the free rider problem refers to a situation where some individuals ... 
Read More »



Broker Reviews




Find the best broker for your trading or investing needs
See Reviews



Latest Videos


Influence: Terri Kallsen


Guides

Stock Basics
Economics Basics
Options Basics


Exam Prep

Series 7 Exam
CFA Level 1
Series 65 Exam





Advisors




Advisor Insights
Our network of expert financial advisors field questions from our community.
Ask A Question



Join Advisor Insights
Are you a financial advisor? Showcase your expertise to 20+ million investors.
Join Now



Financial Advisors
Sophisticated content for financial advisors around investment strategies, industry trends, and advisor education.


Find an Advisor

Atlanta
Los Angeles
Boston
New York
Houston





Markets




Markets
The latest markets news, real time quotes, financials and more.



Watchlist
Track stocks and ETFs
Add New Watchlist





Simulator




Stock Simulator
Trade with a starting balance of $100,000 and zero risk!



FX Trader
Trade the Forex market risk free using our free Forex trading simulator.






NEW
                                Academy
                            




Investopedia Academy
Learn from the world's leader in financial education
Check out all courses


Featured Courses



Become a day trader
Start Learning



Excel for Finance
Start Learning



Latest Courses

Become a Day Trader
Excel for Finance
Coming soon: Fundamental Investing
Coming soon: Financial Modeling
All Courses






















Site Log In


Advisor Insights Log In



Newsletters

























Portfolio









Share








































What is a 'Portfolio'
A portfolio is a grouping of financial assets such as stocks, bonds and cash equivalents, as well as their funds counterparts, including mutual, exchange-traded and closed funds. Portfolios are held directly by investors and/or managed by financial professionals. Prudence suggests that investors should construct an investment portfolio in accordance with risk tolerance and investing objectives.

      
BREAKING DOWN 'Portfolio'
      An investment portfolio can be thought of as a pie that is divided into pieces of varying sizes, representing a variety of asset classes and/or types of investments to accomplish an appropriate risk-return portfolio allocation. Many different types of securities can be used to build a diversified portfolio, but stocks, bonds and cash are generally considered a portfolio's core building blocks. Other potential asset classes include, but aren't limited to, real estate, gold and currency.Impact of Risk Tolerance on Portfolio AllocationsWhile a financial advisor can develop a generic portfolio model for an individual, an investor's risk tolerance should have a significant impact on what a portfolio looks like.For example, a conservative investor might favor a portfolio with large-cap value stocks, broad-based market index funds, investment-grade bonds, and a position in liquid, high-grade cash equivalents. In contrast, a risk-tolerant investor might add some small-cap growth stocks to an aggressive, large-cap growth stock position, assume some high-yield bond exposure, and look to real estate, international and alternative investment opportunities for his portfolio.In general, an investor should minimize exposure to securities or asset classes whose volatility makes him uncomfortable.Impact of Time Horizon on Portfolio AllocationsSimilar to risk tolerance, investors should consider how long they have to invest when building a portfolio. Investors should generally be moving to a more conservative asset allocation as the goal date approaches, to protect the portfolio's principal that has been built up to that point.For example, an investor saving for retirement may be planning to leave the workforce in five years. Despite the investor's comfort level investing in stocks and other risky securities, he may want to invest a larger portion of the portfolio's balance in more conservative assets such as bonds and cash, to help protect what has already been saved. Conversely, an individual just entering the workforce may want to invest his entire portfolio in stocks, since he may have decades to invest, and has the ability to ride out some of the market's short-term volatility.Both risk tolerance and time horizon should be considered when choosing investments to fill out a portfolio.






  


 









 




Trading Center




















                                                    Asset Allocation                                            




                                                    Managed Futures                                            




                                                    Asset Allocation Fund                                            




                                                    Trading Effect                                            




                                                    Strategic Asset Allocation                                            




                                                    Investment Objective                                            




                                                    Capital Growth Strategy                                            




                                                    Asset Class Breakdown                                            




                                                    Aggressive Investment Strategy                                            




Next Up 

































 

Dictionary:
#
a
b
c
d
e
f
g
h
i
j
k
l
m
n
o
p
q
r
s
t
u
v
w
x
y
z




Content Library
Articles
Terms
Videos
Guides
Slideshows
FAQs
Calculators
Chart Advisor
Stock Analysis
Stock Simulator
FXtrader
Exam Prep Quizzer
Net Worth Calculator




Connect With Investopedia
























Work With Investopedia
About Us
Advertise With Us
Write For Us
Contact Us
Careers




Get Free Newsletters
Newsletters









Work With Investopedia
About Us
Advertise With Us
Write For Us
Contact Us
Careers



© 2017, Investopedia, LLC.

All Rights Reserved
Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy


































JPMorgan Emerging Markets Equity Fund - A - J.P. Morgan Asset Management






For the best experience on this page, please enable JavaScript in your browser.
Need to know how to enable it? Go here.









CLOSEContact Us



Skip to main content













Input search bar



JPMorgan Emerging Markets Equity Fund(JFAMX)A CILR5R6  


OverviewKey PointsPerformanceCommentaryFees & MinimumsPortfolioManagementDocuments 



	As of April 3, 2017, this fund's Select share class has been renamed to I. Please see the prospectus for more details.
 








	JPMORGAN EMERGING MARKETS EQUITY FUND

Your guide to the world’s most dynamic economies.

Leveraging our global research and local insights on the world’s fastest-growing markets, the Emerging Markets Equity Fund seeks to identify high-quality businesses that compound earnings sustainably over the long term.
Fund Story  
Commentary  











Overview widget loading ...







Key Points

Expertise


		Comprehensive research and local knowledge; 100 dedicated investment professionals across nine locations around the globe.

Portfolio


		High-conviction strategy with a growth and quality focus and long-term investment horizon that integrates environmental, social and governance considerations.

Success


		Outperformed the MSCI Emerging Markets Index over the latest one-, three-, five- and 10-year periods.1





	SHARE OF GLOBAL NOMINAL CONSUMPTION

	Current dollar household expenditures, 2004–2014


 



1 Source: For I Shares as of 3/31/17.

Chart source: Chart source: Morningstar, J.P. Morgan Asset Management; as of 3/31/17. Morningstar Diversified Emerging Markets Category. Returns shown are for the I Shares. Other share classes may have higher expenses, resulting in lower returns. Returns with dividend and capital gains reinvested. There is no direct correlation between a hypothetical investment and the anticipated performance of the Fund. Past performance does not guarantee future results.





Performance
Performance widget loading ...



Commentary

As of June 30, 2017 

	Quarter in review


		The JPMorgan Emerging Markets Equity Fund (I Class Shares) outperformed the benchmark, the MSCI Emerging Markets Index (net of foreign withholding taxes), for the quarter ended June 30, 2017.

		Stock selection was strongest in China where exposure to the financial services sector was a leading contributor. Pan-Asian insurance provider AIA Group Ltd. (3.8% portfolio weighting) posted strong first-quarter results in April, including a 55% year-on-year jump in first-quarter new business—a record for a business that has continually outperformed consensus.

		Exposure to Saudi Arabia aided performance in the quarter and the portfolio’s position in Almarai (0.9% portfolio weighting), the largest dairy company in the Middle East, was a leading contributor to performance. Stocks in the market responded favorably to the announcement in June that Mohammed bin Salman, the architect of the kingdom's economic reforms, was appointed crown prince.

		An underweight exposure to Korea, the result of individual stock selection rather than country allocation, was a headwind to performance in the second quarter. Korea saw its strongest performance in the past five years following the election of President Moon in May. Consumer sentiment improved to levels not seen in the past three years, boosted by post-election optimism.

		In addition, underweight exposure to Taiwanese hardware manufacturers negatively affected performance. These companies have outperformed in anticipation of strong demand for memory chips and other components in the second half of the year, reducing concerns about oversupply and margin pressure in the industry.


	Looking ahead


		The strong performance of emerging markets stocks this year is testament to the long-awaited improvement in fundamentals currently under way. Strong global markets and a weakening dollar have also helped. We believe these trends are likely to last for some time, suggesting the recovery in emerging markets equities still has room to go.

		Flows are reflecting this improved outlook, and the opportunity seems to be taking the lead over potential risks, including a China slowdown, weak commodity prices, and U.S. protectionism.

		MSCI’s decision to start including China A shares in its indices next year shines a light on a conclusion our investors made some time ago: that many of the most interesting ways to access China’s growth are consumer, health-care and services companies found only in the domestic market.






Fees and Minimums
Fees widget loading ...


Portfolio
Portfolio widget loading ...							
							


Management
Fund Managers 












 Leon  Eidelman Portfolio Manager







 Austin  Forey Portfolio Manager







 Amit  Mehta Portfolio Manager

Load More 



Documents 
Fund Literature

 

Quarterly Fact Sheet: Emerging Markets Equity Fund (A)




Fund Story: Emerging Markets Equity Fund




Commentary: Emerging Markets Equity Fund




2016 full-year commentary: Emerging Markets Equity Fund







Load More 


 
Supplemental Information

 

Product Guide




Supplemental Data Sheet - Emerging Markets Equity Fund




Investing Sustainably: ESG in Emerging Markets




Quarterly Certified Holdings - JPMorgan Emerging Markets Equity Fund




Sales Charge / Dealer Concession Schedule




2016 JPMorgan Funds Capital Gains Distribution







Load More 



 
Regulatory Documents

 

Summary Prospectus




Prospectus




Annual Report




Semi Annual Report




Statement of Additional Information







Load More 





Disclaimer1Please refer to the prospectus for additional information about cut-off times. Total return assumes reinvestment of income. The Fund's adviser and/or its affiliates have contractually agreed to waive fees and/or reimburse expenses to the extent Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses (excluding acquired fund fees and expenses, dividend and interest expenses related to short sales, interest, taxes, expenses related to litigation and potential litigation and extraordinary expenses) exceed 1.35% for A Shares, 1.85% for C Shares, 1.10% for I Shares, 0.95% for L Shares, 0.95% for R5 Shares and 0.85% for R6 Shares of the average daily net assets. The Fund may invest in one or more money market funds advised by the adviser or its affiliates (affiliated money market funds). The Fund's adviser has contractually agreed to waive fees and/or reimburse expenses in an amount sufficient to offset the fees and expenses of the affiliated money market funds incurred by the Fund because of the Fund's investment in such money market funds. This waiver is in effect through 2/28/2018 for A Shares, 2/28/2018 for C Shares, 2/28/2018 for I Shares, 2/28/2018 for L Shares, 2/28/2018 for R5 Shares and 2/28/2018 for R6 Shares, at which time the adviser and/or its affiliates will determine whether to renew or revise it. The difference between net and gross fees includes all applicable fee waivers and expense reimbursements. The quoted performance of the Fund includes performance of a predecessor fund/share class prior to the Fund's commencement of operations. Please refer to the current prospectus for further information.  Mutual funds have fees that reduce their performance: indexes do not. You cannot invest directly in an index. The MSCI Emerging Markets Index (net of foreign withholding taxes) is a free float-adjusted market capitalization weighted index measuring emerging market equity performance. The performance of the Lipper Emerging Markets Funds Index includes expenses associated with a mutual fund, such as investment management fees. These expenses are not identical to the expenses charged by the Fund. An individual cannot invest directly in an index. Total return figures (for the fund and any index quoted) assume payment of fees and reinvestment of dividends (after the highest applicable foreign withholding tax) and distributions. Without fee waivers, fund returns would have been lower. Due to rounding, some values may not total 100%. Â©2017, American Bankers Association, CUSIP Database provided by the Standard & Poor's CUSIP Service Bureau, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc. All rights reserved.The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at least a three-year history. Exchange traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10- year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is included in all three rating periods.Rankings do not take sales loads into account.The following risks could cause the fund to lose money or perform more poorly than other investments. For more complete risk information, see the prospectus. International investing bears greater risk due to social, economic, regulatory and political instability in countries in "emerging markets." This makes emerging market securities more volatile and less liquid developed market securities. Changes in exchange rates and differences in accounting and taxation policies outside the U.S. can also affect returns. Investments in foreign currencies and foreign issuers are subject to additional risks, including political and economic risks, greater volatility, civil conflicts and war, currency fluctuations, higher transaction costs, delayed settlement, possible foreign controls on investment, expropriation and nationalization risks, and less stringent investor protection and disclosure standards of foreign markets. These risks are magnified in countries in "emerging markets."Total return assumes reinvestment of income. The top 10 holdings listed reflect only the Fund's long-term investments. Short-term investments are excluded. Holdings are subject to change. The holdings listed should not be considered recommendations to purchase or sell a particular security. Each individual security is calculated as a percentage of the aggregate market value of the securities held in the Fund and does not include the use of derivative positions, where applicable. P/E ratio: the number by which earnings per share is multiplied to estimate a stock's value.  P/B ratio: the relationship between a stock's price and the book value of that stock. Sharpe ratio measures the fund's excess return compared to a risk-free investment. The higher the Sharpe ratio, the better the returns relative to the risk taken. Tracking Error: The active risk of the portfolio, which determines the annualized standard deviation of the excess returns between the portfolio and the benchmark. Alpha: The relationship between the performance of the Fund and its beta over a three-year period of time. Standard deviation/Volatility: A statistical measure of the degree to which the Fund's returns have varied from its historical average. The higher the standard deviation, the wider the range of returns from its average and the greater the historical volatility. The standard deviation is calculated over a 36-month period based on Fund's monthly returns. The standard deviation shown is based on the Fund's Class A Shares or the oldest share class, where Class A Shares are not available. R2: The percentage of a Fund's movements that result from movements in the index ranging from 0 to 100. A Fund with an R2 of 100 means that 100 percent of the Fund's movement can completely be explained by movements in the Fund's external index benchmark. EPS: Total earnings divided by the number of shares outstanding. Risk measures are calculated based upon the Funds' broad-based index as stated in the prospectus.



