










 







SmartLife Insurance Holdings Company LLC 506(c) Investor Portal































x
Have a question about our offering?Please complete the contact form and we will get back to you.



Name



Phone Number



Email



Enter message here...



Send



SmartLife Insurace Holdings Company LLC
Joe Cherry
3851 Boardwalk #908
Atlantic City, New Jersey 08401
609-385-5000






SmartLife Insurance Holdings Company LLC
Invest in a Diversified Portfolio of Insurance, Hospitality Real Estate and Managed Securities
v scroll down to learn more v










SmartLife Insurance Holdings Company LLC 506(c) Offering Platform
INTRODUCTION TO OUR COMPANY
SmartLife Insurance Holdings Company LLC (“SmartLife Insurance Holdings” or the “Company”), is a New Jersey limited liability company organized for the purpose of purchasing and developing insurance companies, acquiring and managing hospitality companies and related real estate assets, and investing in various securities investments throughout the United States and certain global markets.







Year over year growth rates for both the Life & Annuity sector and the Property & Casualty sector have been tracking the growth in GNP at north of 5%.








SmartLife Insurance Holdings Company LLC 506(c) Offering Platform
SUMMARY OF OPERATIONS
Accredited Investors seeking a dependable fixed income investment with the added benefit of superior growth potential are invited to participate in the private placement of the SmartLife 10-Year Series A Convertible Bond Offering. Joseph (“Joe”) Cherry, SmartLife’s Chairman and President, is launching his vision to develop a company that will generate income and growth for its stakeholders regardless of the inevitable swings in national and global economics. Drawing on his 22 years as an accomplished professional trader, financial planner and entrepreneur, Joe is embracing the needs of his clients by designing an investment vehicle that will build wealth for himself and his investors safely and securely.
Joe plans to accomplish his mission by investing the Proceeds from this Bond Offering into a diversified portfolio of select companies within the insurance industry and the hospitality industry. The insurance industry has been proven to be a superior form of capital formation for centuries providing its shareholders with solid income in good times and bad. In the financial markets, insurance companies repeatedly outperform the S & P 500, with the most well run insurance companies more then doubling S & P 500 returns year in and year out. At the same time, the development of well-positioned hotels and resorts has enabled real estate developers to achieve superior growth in equity producing strong cash flows from its varied revenue streams. The development of new resorts and hotels can return their owners multiples of invested capital. By investing in a combination of these two asset classes, SmartLife can position itself to bring steady current income as well as long-term growth of capital for participants in this one of a kind Bond Offering.
To further bolster returns, the Company will also capitalize on economic swings in the global marketplace, by investing up to 10% of Bond Proceeds into a professionally managed global portfolio of traditional securities, such as stocks and bonds and a professionally managed global portfolio of commodities such as energy, metals and agricultural products. Un-invested Bond Proceeds will be maintained in cash and liquid short-term securities until disbursed for the Company’s acquisition & development program.
Conservative investors faced with a choice between putting their hard-earned money into income producing or growth securities need not choose with SmartLife Bonds, because they can get both in this one investment. Those who subscribe are projected to receive current income of 5% interest on the principal balance of their SmartLife Bond holdings payable quarterly. As Bondholders, they are senior creditors of SmartLife, which mitigates the risk of their investment.
After three years of operations, and as the Company achieves its business plan of building an insurance agency network and a portfolio of hotels & resorts, much of the business risks are no longer present. At this time, subscribers may participate in the Company’s success by converting all or a portion of their Bonds into equity ownership in the Company. As owners in SmartLife, subscribers will be entitled to receive distributions of cash flow (profits) while it remains as a private company and/or receive stock in the Company if and when it becomes a publicly registered company and trades on a major exchange.
The economic advantage to an investor who converts his or her Bond Holdings into equity ownership in the Company can be significant. As owners in the Company, SmartLife projects that subscribers will receive over 14% average annual cash returns beginning in the 4th year of operation. Then, by the end of the 8th year of operation, the total return to a subscriber (inclusive of total cash distributions and net asset value of the ownership stake in the Company) could reach between 445% to 797% of his or her original investment depending on market conditions. (See Convertibility Feature below and Exhibit B - Financials)
As an added bonus, investors subscribing to a minimum of $100,000 or more of the SmartLife Bonds will be invited to an all expense paid getaway for two to visit the Company’s first hospitality investment, the Ara Resort & Marina now under development in the exciting new Caribbean destination of Belize.


request access to our private placement memorandum







From 2009 to 2018 global travel and tourism is anticipated to grow annually at 4.4%







SmartLife Insurance Holdings Company LLC 506(c) Offering Platform
Company Management Team
The Company is currently managed by seasoned business and sector professionals dedicated to the success of the Company and efficient execution of its planned operations






Joe Cherry
Managing Member and President

Joseph Cherry brings to the Company over 22 years of entrepreneurial experience with a primary focus on financial planning, investments and business development. His business career began with the acquisition of a small music store in Somers Point, New Jersey in 1994. Joe grew the business into a million dollar operation carrying major instrument lines such as Fender, Gibson, Ibanez and Martin guitars. Joe sold the Company in 2008 to explore his passion for investing and business development by joining AXA Insurance as a financial planner.

There, in addition to becoming fully indoctrinated in the operations of the insurance industry, he also learned numerous investment and financial planning strategies, which enabled him to build a substantial book of business and a following of loyal clients. In 2011 he narrowed his financial focus to investing and opened a commodities trading company, where he successfully traded futures contracts for his own account and for the account of his growing client base. In January of 2016 he turned over the operation of the trading company to one of his employees and began the development of the SmartLife Insurance Holdings Company, a platform upon which he plans to grow a billion dollar business.
            





Paul Goguen
Member and Administrative Vice President

Paul Goguen has accumulated over 40 years of entrepreneurial experience in the fields of real estate development and investment banking. Both as a principal and for the account of others, he has been involved in the structuring, funding and execution of in excess of 50 transactions totaling in excess of $1 billion in value. He has been affiliated with and mentored by industry leaders including chief executives of Wall Street brokerage firms, real estate syndicates and technology companies.
            
He is presently directing the development of the Ara Macao Resort and Marina, a 600 acre seafront resort community, located in Belize, Central America. When completed the project is slated to consist of over 1,000 residential waterfront units, 300,000 square feet of commercial space, three hotels and a 150 acre marina and inland water basin with direct access to the Caribbean Sea. In contrast to most developers, in recognition of his extraordinary commitment, one Chicago community gave Paul
their prestigious “Citizen of the Year  award leading to an appointment by Mayor Richard Daly of Chicago to serve as a founding Commissioner in a special taxing district.
            















SmartLife Insurance Holdings Company LLC 506(c) Offering Platform
Board of Advisors
The Company has established a Board of Advisors consisting of highly qualified business and industry professionals. The Board of Advisors will assist the Management team in making appropriate decisions and taking effective action; however, the Board of Advisors will not be responsible for Management decisions and has no legal or fiduciary responsibility to the Company. Currently there are *five* members of the Board of Advisors and more may be added as the company grows. 






Rex Hickling


Rex Hickling is President of Premier Group Insurance, the largest independent managing general agency in the United States and an
important strategic partner to SmartLife. Rex lives and breathes insurance. For over 25 years he worked for two Fortune 100 Companies
within the Insurance Industry (Safeco and Travelers). Within those companies, he worked in every capacity you can imagine. He
started as an Underwriter with Safeco in Southern California after graduating from Colorado University in Boulder.
While working at Safeco and climbing the Leadership ladder, Rex attained his CPCU designation. Rex has worked with 1000’s of Captive
and Independent agencies across America in Senior Leadership roles. Today as President of Premier Group Insurance, he details the
path to success for 100’s of prosperous agencies, the culmination of which is celebrated by carriers throughout the industry every year.
            





Luigi Major, MAI


A well-rounded approach to a hotel appraisal or feasibility study requires objectivity—reveal an existing or proposed hotel’s strengths and opportunities, and bring to light any potential pitfalls. Luigi Major, MAI, Managing Director and Senior Partner of HVS Houston, has worked on appraisal and consulting assignments for more than 600 hotels and resorts throughout the U.S., Latin America, and the Caribbean. His reports have helped build hotels, secure loans for hotel renovations and transactions, and guide plans for a wide variety of hotel ventures. That his conclusions have held up under scrutiny and his recommendations so often come to fruition speaks to Luigi’s standards for objectivity, organization, and analysis. His passion for the business of hotels speaks for itself, and you can rest assured that this complement of qualities will deliver the most comprehensive, insightful, and well-supported conclusions about your hotel.
Luigi graduated from the University of Houston’s Conrad N. Hilton College of Hotel and Restaurant Management. He joined the HVS Dallas office in 2007 and also worked with HVS Mexico to conduct hotel assignments throughout the U.S., Latin America, and the Caribbean including work on several large-scale, international hotel portfolios and mixed-use developments. Having a passion for market research and analysis, Luigi has authored seven articles on performance trends and dynamics of hotel markets in Texas and Latin America. He is a Designated Member (MAI) of the Appraisal Institute.
            







Dr. Matthew Pepe, MD


Dr. Matthew Pepe is a board certified Orthopaedic Surgeon who specializes in Sports Medicine, particularly, shoulder, knee, and
elbow reconstruction. He completed his residency in Orthopaedic Surgery at the University of Pennsylvania and went on to complete
his fellowship in both Sports Medicine and Shoulder Surgery at the University of Pittsburgh. Dr. Pepe is an Assistant Professor of
Orthopaedic Surgery at Thomas Jefferson University Hospital and is on staff at Virtua Voorhees and Atlanticare Regional Medical
Center. Dr. Pepe is one of the Team Orthopaedic Surgeons for the Philadelphia Eagles, as well as Stockton College. He is active in
clinical research and has authored numerous peer reviewed articles and book chapters.
		






Of late, traditional investments such as stocks, bonds and other securities have exhibited low and uncertain yields with poor risk reward ratios, which is forcing fund managers to seek higher yields in alternative investments.





SmartLife Insurance Holdings Company LLC 506(c) Offering Platform
Strategic Partners
Further broadening its management and development capabilities both in the Insurance Industry and the Hospitality Industry, the Company has entered into certain strategic alliances with top industry professionals. The Company has entered into or is in the process of negotiating various consulting agreements with numerous prominent companies, including:






Premier Group Insurance pgiagents.com


SmartLife is also partnering with Premier Group Insurance, another managing general agency with a primary focus on Property & Casualty lines of insurance. Premier Group Insurance is one of the largest and fastest growing MGA’s in the country. Their model is 100% agent-centric with one goal in mind – the agent’s success. By affiliating with PGI, agents can gain immediate access to
increased new business and renewal commissions (up to 70% higher), as well as broad, direct P&C market access for personal, commercial and surplus lines of insurance with over 200 national and regional carriers.
PGI offers the expertise and the market strength to help agents take their business to the next level. Their website is best in class
offering their agents substantial tools for building their book of business. Since 1999, PGI has enjoyed substantial growth with the
230 agency owners in their system having increased their commission payouts by 40% since joining the Premier network.
            




HVShvs.com


SmartLife has engaged HVS to conduct a formal feasibility analysis on the Belize hotel joint venture site.
HVS has provided consulting services and solutions for thousands of clients in all 50 states and more than 60 foreign countries for hotels, mixed-use, shared ownership and leisure assets. The firm also orchestrates major industry conferences and networking opportunities in various regions of the world. HVS is the industry’s primary source of hotel sales data, research, market studies and educational information relating to the hospitality industry.
Established in 1980 by Chairman and Founder Steve Rushmore, MAI, FRICS, CHA, and now directed by President and CEO Stephen Rushmore, Jr, MAI, the company offers a comprehensive scope of services and specialized industry expertise to help its clients enhance the economic returns and value of their hospitality assets.
            




RAD Architectureradmiami.com


SmartLife is engaging Miami based RAD Architecture as its lead designer in building the portfolio of 8 hotel resort properties.
RAD Architecture Inc. is a design firm specializing in hospitality, commercial and residential projects. The boutique firm offers clients
a wide range of design services with personalized attention to detail. RAD is dedicated to providing innovative design solutions while
respecting its clients’ economic, marketing and aesthetic goals. Every project undertaken by the firm is treated individually, and
benefits from the years of hospitality, residential and commercial design experience RAD principals and associates bring to their work.
The unique design created by RAD reflects the culture and atmosphere of their locations, and at times the themes requested by our
clients. With over 25 years of experience, Rad has designed over 15 Million sq. ft., 8,000 hotel rooms in 25 countries. Of particular
note is the extraordinary work done by its founder, Raphael, who achieved fame by designing the interior of the Burj Al Arab, in Dubai,
the only 7-star hotel in the world.
            







In the past 10 years insurance companies have had a net income of $448 billion.
- insurancejournal.com -







SmartLife Insurance Holdings Company LLC 506(c) Offering Platform
Terms of the offering
$100,000,000
Maximum Offering Amount: 200,000 Series A Convertible Corporate Bonds
Minimum Offering Amount: 300 Series A Convertible Corporate Bonds
Face Value Per Bond: $500
Minimum Investment: 1 Bond (1)


request access to our private placement memorandum







"Never depend on a single imcome.  Make investments to create a second source."
- Warren Buffet -







SmartLife Insurance Holdings Company LLC 506(c) Offering Platform
So Much More than what you See







before you invest
The SmartLife Insurance Holdings Company LLC 506(c) Investor Portal provides the capability for prospective accredited investors to become approved as a “prospect", review accreditation requirements, request delivery of the Private Placement Memorandum (“PPM”) with multiple delivery options (print, electronic, flip book), access management contact information, and view the Company’s SEC Form D filing.
For the Company’s management team, this allows for controlled access to the PPM with the prospect providing contact information and, after approval, being added to the investor prospect database which provides management an effective tool for investor prospect relations and management.







after you invest
Once a prospective investor has decided they are interested in investing, we can then upgrade the prospect account to “Investor” level access. This access now provides the capability for investors to download subscription documents, specific process information for investing and instructions on transfer of investment funds, investor relations contact information, and the ability to see in real time statistics on the offering.
Investor level access also includes access to an investor relations module that provides Investors the capability to access updates from management, quarterly and annual reports, operations or project updates from the Company, press releases, and Company financials. The portal’s mobile “app” type interface will allow the Company’s management team to review and approve upgrading prospects to “Investor” status from mobile devices in real time.






 Ready to learn more out our fund? Request Access now!


become an investor prospect






Regulation D 506(c) Mandated Legend
Any historical performance data represents past performance. Past performance does not guarantee future results; Current performance may be different than the performance data presented; The Company is not required by law to follow any standard methodology when calculating and representing performance data; The performance of the Company may not be directly comparable to the performance of other private or registered funds or companies; The securities are being offered in reliance on an exemption from the registration requirements, and therefore are not required to comply with certain specific disclosure requirements; The Securities and Exchange Commission has not passed upon the merits of or approved the securities, the terms of the offering, or the accuracy of the materials.










SmartLife Insurance Holdings Company, LLC - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











SmartLife Insurance Holdings Company, LLC
List of persons related to the company SmartLife Insurance Holdings Company, LLC. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of SmartLife Insurance Holdings Company, LLC.

CIK Number: 0001691084IRS Number: 812275857Company address: 3851 BOARDWALK #908  ATLANTIC CITY 08401Phone number: 609-385-5000



People related to SmartLife Insurance Holdings Company, LLC
NamePositionStreetCityCountryCherry  Joseph3851 Boardwalk #908 Atlantic CityNJGoguen  Paul191 Lynx Drive SedonaAZ




SmartLife Insurance Holdings Company, LLC on the Web
Related companiesSmartLife, Inc.












 














Smartlife Insurance Holdings Company





































Smartlife Insurance Holdings Company


Coming soon.



Contact Us


















 SECGems:

Form D 
	
		SmartLife Insurance Holdings Company, LLC
	

	

   


	0001691084-16-000001 








































  







			Data feeds now available
			Excel / CSV / Java / Python /etc 
Database
Learn more









  




  


  
































 
						SmartLife Insurance Holdings Company, LLC 
					

					D
				

					  0001691084-16-000001 
				


				Notice of exempt offering of securities - made without registration ( Regulation D and Section 4 Small Businesses ) 










 
							filing date 
						


Nov. 30, 2016

 
							effectiveness date 
						


Nov. 30, 2016

 
							date of filing date change 
						


Nov. 30, 2016



Signed By

 Joseph Cherry


						accession number
					
 
						
						  0001691084-16-000001
						
					

						type
					
 
						
						  D
						
					

						public document count
					
 
						
						  1
						
					

							items descs
						

								06c Federal Exemptions and Exclusions: Rule 506(c)
							





New!



		Contact
	


Looking to load all Form D filings easily into a spreadsheet or database?

Subscribe to files containing this and  over 250,000++ Form D filings from 2008 - Now
Easily sort / filter/graph offerings based on 'Offering Amount', 'city/state', 'Industry','# investors', and every field seen in this filing


Load in Microsoft Excel / Google Sheets 
Developers: CSV files work with Python / Java / databases, etc
API access Get access to all filings - old and new via real-time API
Real-Time alerts for this and all other form types






Key documents and exhibits


Link:
Type
Id
filename




 
					
 	  					D
 	  				
				


D


1


 primary_doc.xml







 






	  Primary Issuer 
	


SmartLife Insurance Holdings Company, LLC


			[ Limited Liability Company ] 
			 Jurisdiction: 
			NEW JERSEY
		


	 
	
	 3851 BOARDWALK #908
	 
	
	
	   ATLANTIC CITY, 
	   NJ, 
	  
	
	  
		
		

			
			 
		
		
		
		 USA
		
	
	   609-385-5000    
	    

		
	

	  Related Persons
	


Joseph Cherry

[ Executive Officer ] 

	 
	
	 3851 Boardwalk #908
	 
	
	
	  ,  Atlantic City, 
	   NJ, 
	  
	
	  
		
		, 
		
	    
	    
		    
			  
			
			 
		
		
		
		 USA
		
	
	    
	    

		
	


Paul Goguen

[ Director ] 

	 
	
	 191 Lynx Drive
	 
	
	
	  ,  Sedona, 
	   AZ, 
	  
	
	  
		
		, 
		
	    
	    
		    
			  
			
			 
		
		
		
		 USA
		
	
	    
	    

		
	


		  Industry
		

		 Insurance 
		

			Offering Data
		

			Revenue range: $1 - $1,000,000


Date of first sale: 
2016-10-06


			
				[ Debt ]
			
				[ Security to be acquired ]
			
		

			Total offer 
		
 
			$ 100,000,000
		

			Total sold 
		
 
			$ 849,000
		

			Total remaining 
		
 
			$ 99,151,000
		

			# investors
		
 
			1 investors have already invested in this offering
		



			Signature
		


				SmartLife Insurance Holdings Company, LLC [ Joseph Cherry ]  
				Joseph Cherry [ President ] 2016-11-30
			
















Type
Filing
Company
SIC
Rel
IRS #
State of INC
FY End
Mailing address
Former
Filing Vals


filer







SmartLife Insurance Holdings Company, LLC
 Cik: 0001691084
		  
		
			


	
		

	 
	
	 3851 BOARDWALK #908
	 
	
	
	   ATLANTIC CITY, 
	   NJ, 
	   08401
	
	  
		
		

			
			 
		
		
		
		 USA
		
	
	    
	    

		
		

 


812275857



			USA 
		
		[ NJ ] 
1231



	 
	
	 3851 BOARDWALK #908
	 
	
	
	   ATLANTIC CITY, 
	   NJ, 
	   08401
	
	  
		
		

			
			 
		
		
		
		 USA
		
	
	    
	    

			
		
	




form typeD
act33
file number021-275389
film number162025713

























































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Investor Prospect Dashboard -- SmartLife Insurance Holdings Company LLC













Please Log In To Continue










If you don't have an account please REGISTER for one now.
609-385-5000
verna@smartlifeinsuranceholdings.com



 Any historical performance data represents past performance. Past performance does not guarantee future results; Current performance may be different than the performance data presented; The Company is not required by law to follow any standard methodology when calculating and representing performance data; The performance of the Company may not be directly comparable to the performance of other private or registered funds or companies; The securities are being offered in reliance on an exemption from the registration requirements, and therefore are not required to comply with certain specific disclosure requirements; The Securities and Exchange Commission has not passed upon the merits of or approved the securities, the terms of the offering, or the accuracy of the materials.


	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started








































 SECGems: SmartLife Insurance Holdings Company, LLC 







































  







			Data feeds now available
			Excel / CSV / Java / Python /etc 
Database
Learn more









  




  


  






























 SmartLife Insurance Holdings Company, LLC 
		     










 Info




 Ownership




 Filings
1













	 
	
	 3851 BOARDWALK #908
	 
	
	
	   ATLANTIC CITY, 
	   NJ, 
	  
	
	  
		
		

			
			 
		
		
		
		 USA
		
	
	   609-385-5000    
	    

						        









Filing DateCurrent and former namesChanged on date




2016-11-30SmartLife Insurance Holdings Company, LLC








Central Index Key (CIK)
0001691084
State of Incorporation
NJ
Country of Incorporation
USA
Fiscal year end
1231
IRS #
812275857










Form D Related Persons# Filings





 Joseph Cherry


1




 Paul Goguen


1







 








db
 
 








































