






Smart Phones, OLED TVs, Home Appliances & Monitors | LG India





























 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 




























To properly experience our LG.com website, you will need to use an alternate browser or upgrade to a newer version of internet Explorer (IE9 or greater).


The LG.com website utilizes responsive design to provide convenient experience that conforms to your devices screen size. In order to get the best possible experience our LG.COM website please follow below instructions.
If you’re using Internet Explorer 8 or earlier, you will need to use an alternate browser such as Firefox or Chrome or upgrade to a newer version of internet Explorer (IE9 or greater).
If you’re using Internet Explorer 9 and higher, turn off your Internet Explorer browser’s “Compatibility View settings” by following steps below:

Right click at the top of your browser and make sure the “Menu Bar” option is selected
Select “Tools” from the menu bar and then select “Compatibility View settings”
In the pop-up menu uncheck all three boxes and click “Close”
Your browser window will automatically refresh and you’ll be ready to go







Skip to Contents




For Consumer
For Business




            LG SIGNATURE        Products    TV/Audio/Video      Mobile      Computer Products      Home Appliances      Air Conditioners       Previous Next     Support      Book Online      Search         Search  Search       


    About LG   LG Store Locator       Sign In   Welcome   Sign out         India / English    
















Celebrating 20 Years ofLove & Trust


					A million thanks to all for bestowing your love and trust upon us. Watch the video to join the nostalgia.
				




























Best of the best at CES 2017


				All eyes on LG SIGNATURE OLED TV W with its amazing technology and design.



Know More


















  





Know More

















 

   


     



Know More


















BUY 2018'sTechnology in 2017





Know More


















 





Know More
















  






See Video















Shop Exclusive LG Products Online

Designed for a better life, shop the latest range of LG products online exclusively.


Know More





















Register Your Product














Product Support














Product Enquiry






















Celebrating 20 Years of Love & Trust you placed in us.












Thank You India












Be a Karaoke Star!
















FEEL SABSE COOL












Stylish 360° Design & Purification












Absolute Online Shopping Experience 
















Cooks all. Cooks easily.












Save More with Tomorrow's Technology












Water & Dust Resistance (IP68)










LG Product Service and Support
Get your questions answered about product setup, use and care, repair and maintenance issues.  We can help.






Send an Email
Send a Message to LG Customer Support.







Phone
Call an LG Support Representative on1800 315 9999 Or1800 180 999924 hrs, 7 days a weekExcept national holidays







Mail
LG Electronics India Pvt. Ltd,A Wing ( 3rd Floor )D-3 , District Center Saket,New Delhi -110017








The CES Innovation Awards are based upon descriptive materials submitted to the judges. The Consumer Technology Association™ did not verify the accuracy of any submission or of any claims made and did not test the item to which the award was given.Life’s Good with LG and its range of products. Begin by transforming your TV viewing experience and enjoy the thrill of premium TV/Audio/Video, with LG India’s superior TV viewing technology. Enjoy the next level TV viewing with widest range of Super HD TVs, LED and OLED TVs , 4K Resolution, and Smart TV.Now being in touch with your loved ones is easier with LG’s stylish and advanced mobile phones and accessories ranging from smartphones , tablets, mobile accessories and smart watches. Now browse guilt free with powerful operating system to your rescue and shine professionally with latest computer products powered by Blu-ray technology.Your household chores will never seem a burden with LG’s premium home appliances. Choose from Microwave Ovens , Side By Side Refrigerators, Dishwashers, top and front load washing machines including the revolutionary Twin Wash machines, air conditioners, air dehumidifiers, LED lighting and host of other efficient functional devices. With LG’s efficient Water Purifiers and Vacuum Cleaners, you will always remain fit and healthy, free from all harmful bacteria.Keep track of every move and let LG’s professional equipment leave a lasting impression behind your back. The range includes LG commercial TVs, Commercial monitors, Projectors ,video conference call systems and security cameras.Breathe a sigh of relief and experience bacteria-free purified air with LG India’s innovative air conditioner technology. Be it the mosquito repellent split air conditioner or superior functioning of commercial and floor standing air conditioners, ceiling cassette, ceiling concealed duct type and HRV cooling solutions.


 






































LG GL-B281BHDX 270 L Single Door Refrigerator | LG Electronics





























 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 































To properly experience our LG.com website, you will need to use an alternate browser or upgrade to a newer version of internet Explorer (IE9 or greater).


The LG.com website utilizes responsive design to provide convenient experience that conforms to your devices screen size. In order to get the best possible experience our LG.COM website please follow below instructions.
If you’re using Internet Explorer 8 or earlier, you will need to use an alternate browser such as Firefox or Chrome or upgrade to a newer version of internet Explorer (IE9 or greater).
If you’re using Internet Explorer 9 and higher, turn off your Internet Explorer browser’s “Compatibility View settings” by following steps below:

Right click at the top of your browser and make sure the “Menu Bar” option is selected
Select “Tools” from the menu bar and then select “Compatibility View settings”
In the pop-up menu uncheck all three boxes and click “Close”
Your browser window will automatically refresh and you’ll be ready to go







Skip to Contents




For Consumer
For Business




            LG SIGNATURE        Products    TV/Audio/Video      Mobile      Computer Products      Home Appliances      Air Conditioners       Previous Next     Support      Book Online      Search         Search  Search       




Home  >

Refrigerators  >

LG GL-B281BHDX 

    About LG   LG Store Locator       Sign In   Welcome   Sign out         India / English    













				270 L, Smart Inverter Compressor , Saves Rs.5670*


GL-B281BHDX





 ZOOM














															GL-B281BHDX  Gallery image1













																		GL-B281BHDX  Gallery image2













																		GL-B281BHDX  Gallery image3













																		GL-B281BHDX  Gallery image4














Key Features


Smart Inverter Compressor
Smart Connect
4 Star Rating
Stabilizer Free 100V ~ 290V
Toughened Glass Shelves
Moist Balance Crisper




















			270 L, Smart Inverter Compressor , Saves Rs.5670*




Rs.25740MRP







Where to Buy

Product Enquiry
Book Online







Add to Compare

COMPARE (1)

PRINT


SHARE












Features

Tech Specs


Support



















Smart Inverter Compressor

LG’s New Smart Inverter Compressor is one of the most advanced and energy efficient compressor. Designed to give unmatched performance, great savings and super silent operation, the New Smart Inverter Compressor is yet another delightful innovation for your convenience.








Smart Connect


If you have an inverter for power cuts, we have a solution to keep your refrigerator running, nonstop! Smart Connect Technology is a new feature in LG Direct Cool range of refrigerator that helps connect your refrigerator to home inverter. Enjoy cooling even in power cuts.











10 Years Warranty


10 Years Warranty on Compressor, this is a testimony to the trust and faith we put in our technology to give you reliability and durability in the product.








Stabilizer Free 100V ~ 290V

Stabilizer Free 100V ~ 290V








4 Star Rating 

2017 Star Rating is now 	available in LG Direct Cool Refrigerator. Enjoy 4 Star rating and save Rs.5670 More as compared to 2016 4 Star rated refrigerator.








Toughened Glass Shelves

No matter how heavy the utensils are, the shelves are made of toughened glass. They are capable of holding heavy food items. They can also be adjusted as per need and can take load as heavy as 175kg.^^As per LG internal test standards.











Moist Balance Crisper

This is a special lattice-type box cover which maintains moisture at an optimum level. Moisture from stored food is evaporated and then condensed on the lattice, maintaining the correct balance of moisture in the box.








Anti bacterial gasket

This easy to clean removable airtight gasket seals in the freshness and keeps out the bacteria and dust particles accumulated in the door seal. It stops mould spores from entering and spoiling the food inside, keeping it healthy and hygienic for longer periods.
















 
























HIGHLIGHTS


Capacity (Litre)
270 L


Star Rating
4


Works without Stabilizer
LVS (100~290V)


Fastest Ice Making
Yes


Moist Balance Crisper
Yes


Anti Bacteria Gasket
Yes


Vegetable Basket
21 Litres


Humidity Controller
Yes






EXTERIOR


Handle Type
Blaze


Door Lock
Yes


Color
Hazel Dazzle






REFRIGERATOR COMPARTMENT


Shelf Type
T. Glass


No. Of Shelves
3






FREEZER COMPARTMENT


Freezer Door
Transparent


Tray Ice (No./ Rows)
2/2






DIMENSIONS


Height (mm)
1550


Width (mm)
591


Depth (mm)
621


















QUESTIONS? LET US HELP

View GL-B281BHDX Product Support






Warranty Information
View manufacturer warranty information




Register Your Product
Get the most out of your ownership




Manuals and DownloadsDownload owner's manuals and documentation




Video Tutorials
Learn how to install & operate your LG product




Request a Repair
Submit an online service request




Other Support Option
More help with your LG product






Simply choose a support option from the icons below:





Send an Email
Send a Message to LG Customer Support.




Phone
Call an LG Support Representative on
1800 315 9999Or1800 180 999924 hrs, 7 days a weekExcept national holidays




Mail
LG Electronics India Pvt. Ltd,A Wing ( 3rd Floor )D-3 , District Center Saket,New Delhi -110017


































































RECENTLY VIEWED




Solar Smart Refrigerators can work on Solar Energy, however, the Solar Panel requirement may vary from model to model and need to be checked specifically. Solar Panel is not part of our product and need to be purchased separately. This feature is applicable to all Made in India Refrigerator models having Smart Inverter Compressor.*Saving Calculated for LG 4 Star 190L Model of Y2017 in Comparison to LG 4 Star 190L Model of Y2016, Considering Usage Span of 10 Years &  Electricity Rate Rs.7 Per KWh (May Differ Basis Respective State Tariff Rate)Boasting plenty of room, smart features and premium style, LG refrigerators are packed with the latest innovations and come in a variety of styles, including:French door refrigerators offer the latest advances in food freshness combined with impressive storage capacity. LG has a style and size for every kitchen setting.Side-by-side refrigerators: One of our most popular styles, these fridges feature LG's latest cooling and freshness technology, convenient storage throughout and styling that enhances every kitchen. Plus, you can see your entire food inventory at a glance.Top-freezer refrigerators: Boast advanced freshness features and stylish flair -- top to bottom! You’ll get expansive storage and convenience, plus timeless styling that enhances every kitchen setting.Bottom-freezer refrigerators: With this style, the fridge is eye level -- exactly where you want it.Door-in-Door™ refrigerators: LG storage innovation provides instant access to your favorite foods and reduces cold air loss up to 46.5%. You can get in and get out quickly thanks to easy door-in-door access to beverages and snacks.LG has the perfect fridge for your home, your life and your style. Not only can you choose from several types of innovative refrigerators, you’ll get all the latest features like LG's exclusive Linear Compressor technology, which delivers optimum cooling, operating efficiency and reliability. Find your fridge today and be sure to see all of our elegant home and kitchen appliances, including innovative cooking appliances, microwave ovens, dishwashers and more. Get the performance, style and energy efficiency you need to create the home you’ve always wanted.Design, feature and specifications mentioned on website are subject to change without notice. It is recommended to experience the product in actual at LG store nearby your location and take demo of product & its features from LG representative.


 




































LG Refrigerators - Energy Efficient Fridges In India | LG India





























 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 

































To properly experience our LG.com website, you will need to use an alternate browser or upgrade to a newer version of internet Explorer (IE9 or greater).


The LG.com website utilizes responsive design to provide convenient experience that conforms to your devices screen size. In order to get the best possible experience our LG.COM website please follow below instructions.
If you’re using Internet Explorer 8 or earlier, you will need to use an alternate browser such as Firefox or Chrome or upgrade to a newer version of internet Explorer (IE9 or greater).
If you’re using Internet Explorer 9 and higher, turn off your Internet Explorer browser’s “Compatibility View settings” by following steps below:

Right click at the top of your browser and make sure the “Menu Bar” option is selected
Select “Tools” from the menu bar and then select “Compatibility View settings”
In the pop-up menu uncheck all three boxes and click “Close”
Your browser window will automatically refresh and you’ll be ready to go







Skip to Contents




For Consumer
For Business




            LG SIGNATURE        Products    TV/Audio/Video      Mobile      Computer Products      Home Appliances      Air Conditioners       Previous Next     Support      Book Online      Search         Search  Search       




Home  >

Home Appliances  >

Kitchen Appliances  >

Refrigerators 

    About LG   LG Store Locator       Sign In   Welcome   Sign out         India / English    


















 





Know More


















Mega Capacity and Easier Access.


					New Door-In-Door refrigerator with larger capacity and unique features to keep food fresh for longer.
				


Know More


















Explore India’s 1stSmart Inverter Technology


					Now take energy efficiency to anotherlevel with India’s 1st Smart InverterTechnology in LG Direct Cool range of refrigerators that let you save moreelectricity every day.
				


Know More


















Innovation for a Better life


					Imagine what you can do with more space.LG introducesDual Door-in-DoorTM Refrigerator for added organizationand more ways to use your space.
				


Know More


















 


					 
				


KNOW MORE
















Shop Exclusive LG Products Online

Designed for a better life, shop the latest range of LG products online exclusively.


Know More



















Side by Side Refrigerators














Bottom Freezer Refrigerators














Double Door Refrigerators














Single Door Refrigerators





















START MY SEARCH


What type of refrigerator are you looking for?





Single Door






Bottom Freezer






Side by Side






Double Door





My budget ?
Slider control can be used by using both alt and arrow keys for NVDA and JAWS




















Refrigerator capacity you are looking for?


185 - 200


200 - 300


400 - 500


500 - 600


600 - 700


700+




Matching Products
0
See Results













Recommended Product












								450 Litres Double Door Bottom Freezer Refrigerator with Inverter Linear Compressor and Smart Diagnosis.

GC-B519ESQZ




















































MOST POPULAR









					240 Litres Multi Air Flow
GL-B252VLGY






NEW PRODUCT









					679 Ltr, Inverter Linear Compressor, Multi Air Flow, Multi Digital Sensors, Express Freezing, Smart Diagnosis
GC-B247KQDV
















HOME CHEFS, DUAL DOOR-IN-DOOR™ IS DESIGNED FOR YOU. AND FOR THE FAMILY TO ENJOY, AS WELL.

Keeping your ingredients fresh is just as important as keeping your recipes. But condiments, chilled stocks, and others are more frequently-sought-for items that also need refrigeration. Into Cooking Space can go all your ingredients smart way. By keeping often-used items on the door-end of Dual Door-in-Door™ storage space, you no longer have to worry about cold air loss for the rest of stored items. LG’s signature Dual Door-in-Door™ design feature is for home chefs, for sure, but also for the convenience of the rest of the family. We all have our favorite fridge items — drinks, snacks, mustard, and parmesan — which accumulate the cold air loss, affecting the freshness of the rest of the items in the fridge. No more worries. By keeping family member’s favorite items on the door side of the Door-in-Door™ Family Space, everyone can enjoy everything inside fresher and longer.











Largest Veg Basket

Largest space of 21 ltrs.* that allows you to store more along with moist balance crisper that keeps your vegetables moist & fresh for long.(*Applicable on 215/235/270 ltrs.)











Smart Connect™

















Smart Diagnosis™ System


							Fast and Effective diagnosis for problems.
						













Spice box


							Keeps your exotic spices, condiments and nuts in a moisture-free condition .These special air tight containers , helps preserve their natural flavor and richness.
						














MOIST BALANCE CRISPER


						This is a special lattice-type box cover which maintains moisture at an optimum level. Moisture from stored food is evaporated and then condensed on the lattice, maintaining the correct balance of moisture in the box.
					



















MOST VIEWED Refrigerators




260 Litres Frost Free Refrigerator With New Auto Smart Connect™ Technology, Smart
                        Inverter Compressor
GL-I292RPZL

Get Details






687 Litres Side by Side Refrigerator
GC-B247SLUV

Get Details






190 L, 5 Star, Fastest In Ice Making, Toughened Glass Shelves
GL-B201ASLN

Get Details


















































LG Product Service and Support
Get your questions answered about product setup, use and care, repair and maintenance issues.  We can help.






Send an Email
Send a Message to LG Customer Support.







Phone
Call an LG Support Representative on1800 315 9999 Or1800 180 999924 hrs, 7 days a weekExcept national holidays







Mail
LG Electronics India Pvt. Ltd,A Wing ( 3rd Floor )D-3 , District Center Saket,New Delhi -110017








Boasting plenty of room, smart features and premium style, LG refrigerators are packed with the latest innovations and come in a variety of styles, including:French door refrigerators offer the latest advances in food freshness combined with impressive storage capacity. LG has a style and size for every kitchen setting.Side-by-side refrigerators: One of our most popular styles, these fridges feature LG's latest cooling and freshness technology, convenient storage throughout and styling that enhances every kitchen. Plus, you can see your entire food inventory at a glance.Top-freezer refrigerators: Boast advanced freshness features and stylish flair -- top to bottom! You’ll get expansive storage and convenience, plus timeless styling that enhances every kitchen setting.Bottom-freezer refrigerators: With this style, the fridge is eye level -- exactly where you want it.Door-in-Door™ refrigerators: LG storage innovation provides instant access to your favorite foods and reduces cold air loss up to 46.5%. You can get in and get out quickly thanks to easy door-in-door access to beverages and snacks.LG has the perfect fridge for your home, your life and your style. Not only can you choose from several types of innovative refrigerators, you’ll get all the latest features like LG's exclusive Linear Compressor technology, which delivers optimum cooling, operating efficiency and reliability. Find your fridge today and be sure to see all of our elegant home and kitchen appliances, including innovative cooking appliances, microwave ovens, dishwashers and more. Get the performance, style and energy efficiency you need to create the home you’ve always wanted.


 






























































Smart Trust

















Toggle navigation  












All Solutions
All Solutions














Most Popular





The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People




Your habits determine your destiny. See how The 7 Habits can help you and your organization.





Learn More





The 5 Choices to Extraordinary Productivity




Make high-value decisions using the 21st-Century time-management skills of decision, attention, and energy management.







Learn More





The 4 Disciplines of Execution




This organization-wide transformation teaches the behaviors necessary to execute the most Wildly Important Goals.
  





Learn More





Leading At The Speed of Trust




Teams and organizations that operate with high trust significantly outperform teams and organizations with low trust.







Learn More












All Solutions





Leadership







- The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People
                                                                                    



- The 7 Habits For Managers
                                                                                    



- The 7 Habits Leader Implementation
                                                                                    



- The 7 Habits: Foundations
                                                                                    



- Building Business Acumen
                                                                                    



- Championing Diversity
                                                                                    



- Leadership: Great Leaders, Great Teams,...
                                                                                    



- Leadership:  Modular Series
                                                                                    



- Leadership Foundations
                                                                                    





View All Leadership Products
                                                                                        












Execution







- The 4 Disciplines Operating System
                                                                                    



- The 4 Disciplines of Execution
                                                                                    





View All Execution Products
                                                                                        












Productivity







- The 5 Choices to Extraordinary Productivity
                                                                                    



- Project Management Essentials
                                                                                    



- Presentation Advantage
                                                                                    



- Time Management Essentials
                                                                                    



- Time Management Fundamentals
                                                                                    



- Time Management for Microsoft Outlook
                                                                                    





View All Productivity products
                                                                                        












Trust







- Leading At The Speed Of Trust
                                                                                    



- The Speed of Trust Foundations
                                                                                    



- Smart Trust
                                                                                    





View All Trust products
                                                                                        












Customer Loyalty







- Net Promoter System
                                                                                    



- Leading Customer Loyalty
                                                                                    



- Employee Loyalty and Engagement
                                                                                    



- Winning Customer Loyalty
                                                                                    





View All Customer Loyalty products
                                                                                        












Sales Performance







- Sales Leadership Boot Camp
                                                                                    



- Helping Clients Succeed: Filling Your Pipeline
                                                                                    



- Helping Clients Succeed: Qualifying Opportunities
                                                                                    



- Helping Clients Succeed: Closing the Sale
                                                                                    



- Account Planning and Execution
                                                                                    



- Coaching
                                                                                    



- Negotiation
                                                                                    



- Virtual Certification
                                                                                    





View All Sales Performance Products
                                                                                        












Education







- The Leader In Me
                                                                                    



- The 7 Habits of Highly Effective Teens
                                                                                    



- Staff Development
                                                                                    



- The 7 Habits of Highly Effective College Students
                                                                                    





View All Education Products
                                                                                        












Government / Law Enforcement







- The 7 Habits for Air Force Families™
                                                                                    



- The 7 Habits for Army Families™
                                                                                    



- The 7 Habits for Navy Families™
                                                                                    



- Great Leaders, for the Public Sector™
                                                                                    



- Diversity Centered Leadership for Law Enforcement
                                                                                    



- Policing at the Speed of Trust
                                                                                    



- Great Leaders... for Law Enforcement ™
                                                                                    



- The 7 Habits for Law Enforcement™
                                                                                    





View All Government Products
                                                                                        























Contact
                                                    







Engage With Us
Engage With Us


















Engage With Us





All Access Pass








Unlimited access to all of our world-class content, assessments, tools and videos. 








LEARN MORE
                                                                            






Custom Client Solutions








From on-site training, to training a team member that can facilitate to your entire organization, or entirely online. Let us cater to your needs.  








LEARN MORE
                                                                            






Certify To Teach








For organizations seeking cost-effective ways to implement solutions company wide, we certify on-site client facilitators to teach our content and adapt it to your organization’s needs.





Learn How
                                                                            






Facilitator Resources








FranklinCovey has worked with and certified more than 120,000 client facilitators globally. We've created a collection of videos and other resources to help with facilitating and teaching our content. 








LEARN MORE
                                                                            






Global Offices








We serve clients in more than 150 countries with solutions translated and localized into more than 30 languages




View All Countries
                                                                            






Live Clicks Webinar Workshops








LiveClicks webinar workshops put the high-quality instruction of FranklinCovey in-person training into convenient online workshops.





LEARN MORE
                                                                            






The Speakers Bureau








The Hallmark of Thought Leadership. 
Book the leading expert in Executing Goals, The author of The Speed of Trust, and many others. 





LEARN MORE
                                                                            

















Contact
                                                    







Events
Events


















Events





Live In-Person








Our live events are full immersive experiences, that cover the solution or product in it's entirety. Some events are short half day experiences and others can be an immersive full-day.



VIEW ALL In-person EVENTS







All Webcasts








Our webcasts provide a great way to explore our products and solutions in a convenient user-friendly experience. 




VIEW ALL WEBCASTS







Public Workshops








 These pay-to-attend events are handled through the storefront. They feature a variety of our content, delivered by a variety of methods. 



See public workshops







Webcast Series








Hosted by our subject matter experts, these 60-minute webcasts highlight key concepts, demonstrate participant tools and resources, as well as implementation options for your organization. 




LEARN MORE


















Upcoming Event
The 5 Choices to Extraordinary Pr...
Jul 31, 2017 | New York, NY

REGISTER
                                                            





Upcoming Event
The 7 Habits of Highly Effective ...
Jul 31, 2017 | Online

REGISTER
                                                            





Upcoming Event
The 7 Habits of Highly Effective ...
Aug 1, 2017 | Online

REGISTER
                                                            









Contact
                                                    







Resources
Resources














Most Popular





Mission Statement Builder




Build your personal mission statement for you or your organization now. 






Visit The Mission Statement Builder





Case Studies




Preview the many different case studies on a variety of companies and solutions. 





View Case Studies





Stress Assessment Tool




Take the free online stress assessment and design a daily stress reliever. 







Take The Assessment





FranklinCovey Blog




Read through the various articles and insights from our best though-leaders. Covering topics from leadership to changing your corporate culture. Our blog focuses on the most current topics. 





Visit Our Blog












Resources





All Videos








Coming Soon.  We are updating our entire site. We apologize for any inconvenience. 










Whitepapers








Explore some of our various whitepapers on culture. We are updating this frequently so check back for more thought leadership from our industry experts. 




Explore
                                                                            






Catalogs and Brochures








Download our most recent brochure and solutions catalog.








See All
                                                                            






360 Degree Assessment








Measure individual effectiveness and enhances self-awareness. We offer a variety of assessments to individuals. Click the link to learn more and find out how to take your own assessment. 







LEARN MORE
                                                                            

















Contact
                                                    







Store
Store




















Personal Training





Live In-Person








We hold over 200 live workshops a year. Explore the many events. 


View All Live In-person Events
                                                                                






Live Online








With over 40 courses online you can experience our content anywhere. 


View all live online events
                                                                                






On Demand








On Demand courses can be taken anywhere and at any time. Learn and train at your own speed. 


View all On Demand Trainings
                                                                                









Books





GET BETTER: 15 Proven Practices 








FranklinCovey’s Chief People Officer, Todd Davis explains that an organization’s greatest asset isn’t only its people; rather, it’s the relationships between its people that is the greatest predictor of personal and professional effectiveness. 



Learn More
                                                                                






The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People








One of the most inspiring and impactful books ever written, The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People has captivated readers for 25 years. It has transformed the lives of presidents and CEO's, educators and parents - in short, millions of people of all ages and occupations.


Learn More
                                                                                






The 4 Disciplines of Execution








The 4 Disciplines of Execution (4DX) is a simple, repeatable, and proven formula for executing on your most important strategic priorities in the midst of the whirlwind. 



Learn More
                                                                                






The Speed of Trust








With nearly 750,000 copies in print, this instant classic shows that establishing trust is “the one thing that changes everything” (Marcus Buckingham, coauthor of Now, Discover Your Strengths ) in both business and life.



Learn More
                                                                                






The 5 Choices: The Path to Extraordinary Productivity








Now FranklinCovey offers the latest science and their years of experience and research in the time management field to help you master your decision, attention and energy management through five fundamental choices that will increase your ability to achieve what matters most to you.



Learn More
                                                                                






View All Books








View all of our world-class books from our thought leaders and best-selling authors.


View All Titles
                                                                                









Other





Planners








FranklinPlanner is the exclusive consumer products licensee of FranklinCovey


Visit FranklinPlanner
                                                                                






Solutions Catalog








Click the link to download the corporate brochure. 


View All
                                                                                






About Us








Learn More about our company


Learn More
                                                                                















Contact
                                                    








Contact
Contact





Search



  


































Home > Solutions > Trust



								Smart Trust
							









			Trust
		


				
					1
					
						hour
					
					
				
				
				of training
			
		











Discover the five trust actions that will help individuals minimize risk while maximizing possibilities.

















THE CHALLENGE
We live in a low-trust world surrounded by crises and challenges. Who can you trust? How can you trust? 

Choosing Smart Trust will enable you to operate with high-trust in a low-trust and unpredictable marketplace. The more unpredictable it becomes, the more your sound judgment and ability to trust in this low-trust world will give you a tremendous competitive advantage—and the capacity to navigate the uncertainty low trust creates.
 
Based on the book, Smart Trust, by Stephen M. R. Covey and Greg Link, this LiveClicks on-demand workshop will help you understand how trust issues impact every situation in life. In fact, trusted people are more likely to get hired or promoted, get the best projects and bigger budgets, and are last to be laid off. In Smart Trust, you will learn the five trust actions that will help you minimize risk while maximizing possibilities. This course will teach you the tools you need to extend Smart Trust, which will help you enjoy greater prosperity, energy, and joy—both personally and professionally.



























Attend a Workshop
    






















								“The first job of a leader—at work or at home—is to inspire trust. It’s to bring out the best in people by entrusting them with meaningful stewardships, and to create an environment in which high-trust interaction inspires creativity and possibility.” 
-Stephen M. R. Covey









Watch a Course Video










×


























The Solution
Maximize your possibilities
This course, based on the book Smart Trust by Stephen M. R. Covey and Greg Link
, will give participants the tools needed to extend Smart Trust, which will help them enjoy greater prosperity, energy, and joy-both personally and professionally.

















About The Course
Participants Will Learn:


How to trust in a low-trust world.
Why trust matters.
The economic impacts of trust.
The Five Actions that will help you earn the dividends of Smart Trust.

 
Length of Training:
1-Hour
 
About Excelerators:
 
Excelerators are self-paced courses for employees and managers looking to increase business and leadership skills but can’t be away from the office. Excelerators offer content-based instruction through videos, animation, interactive quizzes and assessments, and PDF guidebooks, as well as other resources and tools. Excelerators are approximately one hour in length and can be used as part of a blended-training process or as stand-alone training.




















Available Resources















What is the value or Trust?


See what the value of trust can cost you.










×



















Personal Growth - Try a Online Workshop


Take the live online training available through our store.













Have Questions Contact Us


Contact us for additional details about our solutions.











































Attend a Workshop
    




























Popular Trust Solutions
















	 en



















Company Info

About Us 
Global Locations 
Terms 
Privacy 
Privacy Shield 



Learn More

Investor Relations  
Continuing Education 
Sitemap 
Careers 



FOLLOW US 

Twitter 
Facebook 
LinkedIn 






Franklin Covey Co. All rights reserved. © Copyright 2017



































 





Trina Smart 270W Solar Panel Mono Modules







































Fast Order
Apply for Trade Account
Register
Log in























Need Help? Call us on
0208 596 7483





Search










































Trina Smart 270W Solar Panel Mono Modules




                    
                        
                        Part no. TSM-270-DC05A.082 
Product Code 2500674350
                


Product Overview
Description
Trina Smart 270W Solar PanelTrinasmart modules incorporate innovative power electronics from Tigo Energy to achieve module-level diagnostics, maximum energy harvest through module level DC power optimization, and reduction of arc, fire and safety hazards.Integration of the module optimizer into the junction box enables patented Smart Curve technology, which allows up to 30% longer strings and significant balance-of-system (BOS) savings.SMART CURVE TECHNOLOGYModule-integrated Trinasmart technology reduces the open circuit voltage range for each module and allows longer strings to be designed. The maximum voltage is programmed by Trina Solar in the factory.- Hardware voltage clamp prevents over-voltage - Design up to 30% longer strings- Fewer combiner boxes, fuses and wiring- Smaller resistance losses- TUV & CSA certifiedCapitalizing on the advanced Honey technology successfully introduced in 2011, Honey M is the latest high efficiency addition to Trina Solar's Mono crystalline portfolio, featuring up to 16, 5% module efficiency and a sleek appearance. The Honey M black features deep black mono cells, black backsheet and frame. Therefore this module is the ideal solution for residential and smallcommercial installations where space and first-class aesthetics are key.FeaturesMaximize Limited Space with top-end efficiencyUp to 165 W/m2 power densityLow thermal coefficients for greater energy production at high operating temperaturesGood aesthetics for residential applicationsSolid color dark mono cellsBlack frameExcellent low light performance on cloudy days, mornings and eveningsAdvanced surface texturingBack surface fieldSelective emitterHighly reliable due to stringent quality controlAll modules have to pass electroluminescence (EL) inspectionOver 30 in-house tests (UV, TC, HF, and many more)In-house testing goes well beyond certification requirements
Product Features

Black Frame
Dimensions 1650 x 992 x 35 mm
Maximum System Voltage: 1000VDC

Datasheets


EN_TSM_DC05A.052_DC05A.082_datasheet_FEB_2014_web


EN_TSM_Trinasmart_datasheet










£129.00
per item ex. VATTrade account customers, please log in to see your agreed prices


Quantity
Price ex. VAT


1-28
£129.00


29-811
£129.00


812+
£129.00



121 in stock






Quantity






 















Add to Joblist















Full Product Specification


item
Description




Max System Voltage
28.9V


Cell Size
156mm²


Material
MonoCrystalline


Number of Cells
60


Current Rating
7.2A


Depth
35mm


Input Voltage Rating
30.9V


Colour
Black


Weight
18.6kg


IP Rating
IP65


Frame Material
Black Anodized Aluminium Alloy


Length
165mm


Voltage
34.8V


Output Power
270W


Module Efficiency
16.5%


Width
992mm


Full Load Current
8.74A


Connector Type
MC4


Operating Temperature Range
-40 to 85°C












































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft






























Chief Investment Officer - SmartTrust














































Call Us: (888) 505-2872


Search for:










About Us

Overview
Background
Strategic Partnerships
Chief Investment Officer
FAQ
Events









Portfolio Manager



Kevin Mahn
Kevin D. Mahn is the President and Chief Investment Officer of Hennion & Walsh Asset Management. Mr. Mahn is responsible for all of the Wealth and Asset Management products and services offered at the Firm including the SmartTrust® series of Unit Investment Trusts (UITs). Mr. Mahn also was the Portfolio Manager of the family of SmartGrowth® Mutual Funds. These mutual funds were target-risk oriented “mutual funds of ETFs” designed to track the Lipper Optimal Indices.
Mr. Mahn is the author of the quarterly “ETF and CEF Insights” and “Market Outlook” newsletters as well as a co-author of the book, Exchange Traded Funds: Conceptual and Practical Investment Approaches, © 2009 Riskbooks. Mr. Mahn is a member of the Forbes Investor team and a frequent contributor to the Forbes Intelligent Investing blog and the Seeking Alpha website.
Prior to Hennion & Walsh, Mr. Mahn was a Senior Vice President at Lehman Brothers where he held several senior management positions, including CAO of the High Net Worth Product and Services group within Lehman’s Wealth and Asset Management division as well as COO of Lehman Brothers Bank, during his eleven year tenure with the Firm.
Mr. Mahn received his Bachelor’s degree in Business Administration from Muhlenberg College and his M.B.A. in Finance from Fairleigh Dickinson University. Mr. Mahn has also served as an adjunct professor at Fairleigh Dickinson University within the Department of Economics, Finance and International Business. In 2015, Mr. Mahn received the “50 Under 50” award, which recognizes the College’s top alumni business leaders under the age of 50, from the Silberman College of Business at Fairleigh Dickinson University.
Mr. Mahn currently serves as Co-Chair of the NICSA UIT Industry Committee and won the annual NICSA MVP Award in 2014 & 2016 for his accomplishments in this role as well as the Rising Stars of Mutual Funds Award from Institutional Investor in 2009.
Interviews with, as well as byline articles and insights from, Mr. Mahn have appeared in/on CBS News, Fox News, CNBC, Fox Business News, Wall Street Journal, Investor’s Business Daily, Fortune, Forbes, New York Times, Financial Times, USA Today, Bloomberg, Business Week, Reuters, Wall Street Week, CNNMoney.com, SmartMoney, Investment News, The Street.com and MarketWatch.
Follow @kmahnhw
















Trust.com - Sento Smart TV Keyboard for Samsung






































Home


›

Trust

›

Keyboards

›

20059 - Sento Smart TV Keyboard for Samsung






#20059
Sento Smart TV Keyboard for Samsung

















                        The product image is for demonstration purposes only. 
Various versions are available which may differ from this representation.
                    





































































Available in stores now



    Buy now















Select your store























Wireless multimedia keyboard with touchpad to control your Samsung Smart TV from the comfort of your couch



                                View all versions
                            













Key features



Touchpad with mouse buttons for easy mouse control
Quick and comfortable typing
Browse the web, post social updates and send mail with your TV.
Control TV volume & channel,  open Samsung Smart Hub and much more.
Micro USB receiver with a wireless range up to 10 meters
Compact & lightweight
Works with all Samsung Smart TVs










Extra information



General

Item number:
                            20059
                        

EAN code:
                            8713439200591
                        

Warranty:
1 year
                        





Package contents
Wireless keyboard
Micro USB receiver
2 AAA batteries
User’s guide
USB extension cable





Minimum requirements
Samsung Smart TV with keyboard/mouse support




Other versions




Name

Item number

EAN code


Sento Smart TV Keyboard for Samsung UK

20060

8713439200607


Sento Smart TV Keyboard for Samsung DE

20061

8713439200614


Sento Smart TV Keyboard for Samsung ES

20062

8713439200621


Sento Smart TV Keyboard for Samsung FR

20063

8713439200638


Sento Smart TV Keyboard for Samsung IT

20064

8713439200645


Sento Smart TV Keyboard for Samsung RU

20289

8713439202892


Sento Smart TV Keyboard for Samsung HU

20290

8713439202908


Sento Smart TV Keyboard for Samsung CZ/SK

20291

8713439202915


Sento Smart TV Keyboard for Samsung BE

20292

8713439202922


Sento Smart TV Keyboard for Samsung ND

20297

8713439202977


Sento Smart TV Keyboard for Samsung PT

20309

8713439203097


Sento Smart TV Keyboard for Samsung UA

22006

8713439220063





View all versions

















View compatibility























Support










Download











Manuals

Select type


Quick install manual                

Addendum                

CE documents                









Product information

Select your language


                Česká
            

                Dansk
            

                Deutsch
            

                Eesti
            

                English
            

                Español
            

                Français
            

                Hrvatska
            

                Italiano
            

                Magyar
            

                Multilingual
            

                Nederlands
            

                Norsk
            

                Polski
            

                Português
            

                Português (Brasil)
            

                Română
            

                Slovenščina
            

                Slovenský
            

                Srpski
            

                Suomi
            

                Svenska
            

                Türkçe
            

                Ελληνικά
            

                Български
            

                Русский
            

                Українська
            

                العربية
            

                中文 (简体)
            


        Download PDF
    













Frequently Asked Questions






             Installation and configuration



I get an error during installation.


















To solve errors like:


"Unrecognized USB device"

"Device driver software was not successfully installed"

"Can not find driver"

Please follow the installation trouble shooting guide.







         Usage



The characters on the keyboard don't correspond to the characters that I type on the TV. How can I change the lay-out?


















Make sure that the keyboard is supporting this layout (e.g. you have a keyboard with a UK layout and you would like to use it on your TV with a German (DE) layout. In this case, the characters on the screen will not correspond with the keyboard.) 
your TV is supporting this language and language is selected in your smart TV as an input language(s). 

The steps to change the language layout vary per TV brand / model.
You can usually find this in the settings on your TV, such as:
Menu -System > Device Manager > Keyboard settings > Options Keyboard > Keyboard Language
However, per brand / model, the above naming can be different.


See an example of how to set the input language layout correctly for a Samsung Smart TV on 
YouTube.




Is it required to turn off the product to save power?


















This product has advanced power saving features.
Turning off the product by removing the batteries is not required, but optional.







         Solving problems



I get the wrong letters and/or symbols when typing on my computer.


















Set the correct language as explained in the keyboard settings page




Sometimes letters are missing when typing.



















Clean your keyboard from dust and crumbles.
If you are using it with a TV, make sure that your TV and/or the app, supports all symbols and characters of the keyboard.

Improve wireless performance.
See wireless troubleshooting page






I have lost/broken the USB-receiver. How do I receive a new USB-receiver?


















It's not possible to provide a replacement receiver for this product.
This is due to the fact that during production the product and receiver receive a unique code, so the product can only communicate with the bundled original receiver.




When I use the YouTube or Netflix app the keyboard is not working properly.


















This keyboard should work with different apps. 

However, there is a known issue with Samsung TV's and keyboards from different brands, and the non-functioning of apps such as YouTube and Netflix

We suggest to contact Samsung for more information and possible solutions. 





My touchpad is not working. What do I do?


















Please make sure that your TV supporting HID mouse and keyboard is recognised by the TV also as HID mouse. 

Please check the properties of your TV to verify how the keyboard is recognised. 




Where is your service center? Or where can I send my product to be repaired?


















Unfortunately, we do not have service centers to repair products.
A defective product should be replaced by your point of purchase during the warranty period.




My Trust product is not working.


















Follow the steps in the trouble shooting guide.




My product is faulty. What do I do?


















We offer a 'return to retailer' warranty on our products.
In case of a defect, you can return the product to your retailer with failure description, proof of purchase and all accessories.
During the warranty period you will receive a replacement product from the retailer if available.

For full warranty conditions you can consult:
http://www.trust.com/support/warranty







         Compatibility



Is my Smart TV compatible with this product?


















The keyboard is compatible with all models of SmartTV/devices that support the mouse and keyboard function.

The documentation of your TV should mention this bit of information.

Otherwise the manufacturer of the TV should be able to verify if the TV has this type of support.














Warranty








Warranty conditions


Trust offers a warranty to the original purchaser from an authorized retailer.
Your Trust product is guaranteed under the terms and conditions of this warranty against manufacturing defects for a period of one (1) year* from the date of original purchase, if purchased from an official retailer.
	
*In Europe, there is a statutory minimum warranty period of 2 years on every product we sell.


In case of defect, return the product to your retailer with failure description, valid proof of purchase and all accessories.
During the warranty period you will receive a replacement product from the retailer if available.
Warranty will be void in cases of opened products, physical damage, misuse, modification, repair by unauthorised persons, carelessness and using the product for other purpose than its intended use.
Exclusions of warranty:
	
Damage caused by accidents or disasters, such as fire, flood, earthquake, war, vandalism or theft.
Incompatibility with other hardware/software not defined as minimum system requirements.
Accessories such as batteries and fuses.


In no event shall the manufacturer be liable for any consequential or incidental damages, including any loss of business profits or any other commercial damages, arising out of the use of its product.

 












Ask a question to the helpdesk






Please check our FAQs first, chances are you'll find the answer there.
Couldn't find the answer in the FAQs? Fill out the form below with as much information as possible and one of our help-desk staff will respond at the earliest opportunity. Our messages are answered in the order they are received.
After submitting the form a confirmation message will be displayed with your reference number. The confirmation will be send to your email address at the same time as well. If you have not received the confirmation message, please check your spam or junk mail folder and double-check the filled in contact details. 
Reason for contact


Reason for contact
Product defect
Driver needed
Manual needed
Extra parts needed
Parts missing
Product is not compatible
Problem with installation
Question about the manual
How does this product work?
Where can I buy this product?
Other
 *


Message

 *

Your profile

 *


 *



Select your country
ኤርትራ
ኢትዮጵያ
កម្ពុជា
ދިވެހި ރާއްޖެ
Argentina
Australia
Belgique
Belize
Bolivia
Botswana
Brasil
Brunei Darussalam
Cameroun
Canada
Česká republika
Chile
Colombia
Congo [RDC]
Costa Rica
Côte d’Ivoire
Danmark
Deutschland
Ecuador
Eesti
El Salvador
España
Føroyar
France
Guatemala
Haïti
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hrvatska
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Ísland
Italia
Jamaica
Kalaallit Nunaat
Kenya
Latvija
Liechtenstein
Lietuva
Luxembourg
Magyarország
Malaysia
Mali
Malta
México
Nederland
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Nigeria
Norge
Österreich
Panamá
Paraguay
Perú
Philippines
Polska
Portugal
Principauté de Monaco
Puerto Rico
Republica Bolivariana de Venezuela
República Dominicana
Republica Moldova
Réunion
România
Rwanda
Sénégal
Shqipëria
Singapore
Slovenija
Slovenská republika
Soomaaliya
South Africa
Suisse
Suomi
Sverige
Trinidad and Tobago
Türkiye
Türkmenistan
United Kingdom
United States
Uruguay
Việt Nam
Zimbabwe
Ελλάδα
Азәрбајҹан
Беларусь
Босна и Херцеговина
България
Қазақстан
Кыргызстан
Македонија
Монгол улс
Россия
Србија
Србија и Црна Гора (Бивша)
Тоҷикистон
Україна
Ўзбекистон Республикаси
Црна Гора
Հայաստան
ישראל
افغانستان
الأردن
الإمارات العربية المتحدة
البحرين
الجزائر
العراق
الكويت
المملكة العربية السعودية
المملكة المغربية
اليمن
ایران
پاکستان
تونس
سوريا
عمان
قطر
لبنان
ليبيا
مصر
नेपाल
বাংলাদেশ
ශ්‍රී ලංකා
ไทย
ສປປ ລາວ
မြန်မာ
საქართველო
대한민국
中华人民共和国
台灣
日本
澳門特別行政區
 *




Preferred language
Deutsch
English
Español
Français
Italiano
Nederlands
Português
Türkçe
Русский
 *


Product details

 *





 *



My Device
Desktop PC
Laptop
Tablet
Smartphone
Television
Gaming





OS version
Windows 10 (64 -bit)
Windows 10
Windows 8.1 (64-bit)
Windows 8.1
Windows 8 (64-bit)
Windows 8
Windows 7 (64-bit)
Windows 7
Windows Vista (64-bit)
Windows Vista
Windows 2003 (64-bit)
Windows 2003
Windows XP (64-bit)
Windows XP
Windows XP (32 bit)
Windows ME
Windows 2000
Windows 98 SE
Windows 98
Windows 95
Windows NT 4.0
Mac OS X 10.10 (Yosemite)
Mac OS X 10.9 (Mavericks)
Mac OS X 10.8 (Mountain Lion)
Mac OS X 10.6 (Snow Leopard)
Mac OS X 10.7 (Lion)
Mac OS X 10.6
Mac OS X 10.5 Leopard (Intel)
Mac OS X 10.4 (Tiger)
Mac OS X 10.3
Mac OS X 10.2
Mac OS X 10.1
Mac OS X
Mac OS 9
Mac OS 8
Apple Macintosh
Linux
Chrome OS
Netware
MS-DOS
OS/2
Unix
IOS-8
iOS 7
iOS 6
iOS 5
Android 5.0 (Lollipop)
Android 4.0
Android 3.1
Sony Playstation 4
Sony Playstation 3
Sony Playstation 2
Xbox One
Xbox 360
Other
None





My browser
Chrome
FireFox
Internet Explorer
Safari
Opera
Android Browser
Other
Microsoft Edge





                            Send
                            


























Register product


Login to register your Trust product(s)

                        Register product
                    





*Prices stated by Trust are non-binding average recommended retail prices including VAT and are subject to change without prior notice.










Facebook







Instagram







YouTube




























FAQs | SmartTrust® | Unit Investment Trusts | UITs
















































Call Us: (888) 505-2872


Search for:










About Us

Overview
Background
Strategic Partnerships
Chief Investment Officer
FAQ
Events









What are UITs?Unit Investment Trusts (UITs) are a fixed portfolio of stocks, bonds or other securities. These types of portfolios allow investors to know what securities are held within a UIT as of the date of deposit, as well as the mandatory termination date of the trust. While it is not common, a trust may terminate early as described in the prospectus. UITs offer an attractive opportunity for investors to own a portfolio of securities via a low minimum, typically liquid investment. As a point of contrast, while many actively managed funds continually buy and sell securities, thereby changing their investment mix, the securities held in a UIT generally remain fixed.
How are UIT securities chosen?Some UIT securities are chosen according to a quantitative selection process determined by a sponsor while some are based on an index. Other UITs are chosen by experienced analysts or portfolio managers, who research the securities and screen them for various characteristics, according to specific objectives. Once securities are selected, the UIT portfolios are then supervised accordingly throughout the life of the trust.
Can a security held in a UIT be removed at any time?While it is rare, a security held in a UIT may be removed from a portfolio under certain circumstances, such as a significant decline in credit rating. By and large, securities held in a UIT remain fixed for the life of the trust, regardless of market value.
What are the minimum investments in SmartTrust® UITs?Typical minimums are 100 units, however, the minimums may vary based on the UIT. Higher minimums may also be required by each respective brokerage firm.
Are UITs suitable for my retirement accounts?Unit trusts may be an appropriate investment vehicle for IRAs or self-employed retirement plans. They offer a variety of investment opportunities — ranging from relatively conservative to more aggressive investments — in both domestic and international markets.
What are my options when a UIT matures?Option #1: Rollover at a reduced sales charge
At a reduced sales charge, investors may roll over into a new series of the same trust, if available, or any other SmartTrust® UIT available in the primary market*
*Maturity rollover is considered a taxable event. Please refer to each trust’s prospectus for complete rollover option information. Investors should be aware that there is a time limit to notify the trustee of the rollover.
Option #2: Maturity
Investors may do nothing and allow the portfolio units to mature. The trust will liquidate and they will receive a cash distribution of the trust’s proceeds, if any.
Option #3: In-kind distribution
Investors may generally request an in-kind distribution of the securities underlying the units if they own 2,500 or more units at either the time of purchase or maturity. Please see additional provisions set forth in the prospectus. SmartTrust® Unit Investment Trusts are generally long-term investment strategies and investors should consider their ability to invest in successive portfolios, if available. Investors should consult their tax advisor to determine tax consequences associated with an investment from one portfolio to the next, if available. Neither Hennion & Walsh, Inc. or Hennion & Walsh Asset Management, Inc. provide tax advice. Please refer to the trust prospectus for more complete in-kind distribution information. In-kind distribution is generally available for stocks traded and held in the United States. In-kind distribution may be modified or discontinued at any time without notice.
Can I sell my units?You may sell all, or a portion of, your units any day the stock market is open. You will receive the then-current net asset value of the units, based on the current market value of the underlying securities in the portfolio, less any remaining deferred sales charge, as of the evaluation time. As the market fluctuates, of course, so will the value of your units. Therefore, your units may be worth more or less than what you originally paid.
How are UITs priced?UITs are priced at the end of each business day similar to mutual funds. The price is based on the market value of the underlying securities and includes cash and other assets and liabilities held by the trust.
Are UITs eligible in commission and fee/wrap accounts?UITs are available in a sales charge structure for commission accounts as well as for fee/wrap accounts. It is best to check with your individual brokerage firm to see if UITs are eligible for your fee/wrap platform.
Are UITs regulated?Unit investment trusts are one of three basic types of investment company. Investment companies are subject to stringent federal laws and oversight by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). It is important to note that the SEC does not approve or disapprove of UITs or the securities within a given UIT or pass upon the adequacy of any prospectus for a given UIT. Investment companies are regulated primarily under the Investment Company Act of 1940. This federal statute is highly detailed and governs the structure and day-to-day operations of investment companies. Investment companies are also subject to regulations of the Securities Act of 1933, FINRA, and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.
How do I obtain information regarding IRS Form 8937 and appendix?To see IRS Form 8937 and appendix, please click below:
SMVIAX_IRS_Information
2012 BNYM_Federal Form 8937_App A and B
2013 BNYM_Federal Form 8937_App A and B.
2014 BNYM  Federal Form 8937_App A and B.
2015 BNYM  Federal Form 8937_App A and B.
2016 BNYM  Federal Form 8937_App A and B.
How do I get more information on SmartTrust® UITs?To get more information on any of our SmartTrust® UITs, or to schedule a meeting/conference call with one of our external wholesalers, our National Sales Director or our Chief Investment Officer, please contact our Internal Support Desk at (888) 505-2872.






























Unit Investment Trusts | SmartTrust® | UIT Sponsor | UITs



















































Call Us: (888) 505-2872


Search for:













We Strive for Excellence
SmartTrust is a family of UITs offering diversified income and total return opportunities through innovative investment strategies. At SmartTrust®, rather than operating as an assembly line producer of UITs, we prefer to bring new products to market when we believe a particular strategy has value in the market and demand from the marketplace.
 View all Primary Offerings 
			 
        	 View all Secondary Offerings 
 View Proposal Builder  


View Calendar







View Calendar
Newsletter Sign Up


Recent Deposits
07-27-2017Tax Free Income Trust 07-26-2017High 20 Dividend Strategy Trust  
Upcoming Deposits
08-01-2017Argus Modern Innovators Trust, Series 108-02-2017Zacks GARP Composite 35 Trust  

Latest News & Events


07-25-2017/Stocks Reach All-Time Highs… ...
Stocks and bonds both rose in price last week reaching fresh all-time highs as earnings re ...

View More ▶




07-18-2017/Earnings Season Gets Underway
Stocks shot higher last week as hawkish sentiment from the Federal Reserve combined with d ...

View More ▶










































Events | SmartTrust® | Unit Investment Trusts | UITs
















































Call Us: (888) 505-2872


Search for:













Trust Calendar




July 2017






Monday
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thursday
Friday






3Argus Dividend Growers Total Return Trust (Series 13)Argus Dividend Growers Total Return Trust (Series 8)45671011CEFA Select BDC Trust (Series 10)CEFA Select BDC Trust (Series 4)12Dorsey Wright International Momentum Trust (Series 8)Dorsey Wright International Momentum Trust (Series 3)13Defensive 50 Equities Trust (Series 12)Defensive 50 Equities Trust (Series 7)1417181920Miller/Howard North American Energy Opportunities Trust (Series 7)Miller/Howard North American Energy Opportunities Trust (Series 2)212425Smart Ten Trust (Series 9)Preferreds Plus Trust (Series 4)Zacks Diversified Equity & Corporate Bond Trust (Series 9)26High 20 Dividend Strategy Trust (Series 17)High 20 Dividend Strategy Trust (Series 11)27Tax Free Income Trust (Series 26)Tax Free Income Trust (Series 20)2831    






Today
Date of Deposit
Date of Termination
Upcoming Events





















Trust Smart Home ACM-250 - Build-in halogen dimmer 250W

































































































































        This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies    


            Close        

            More information        








JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
                    You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.                







 



	€    

	EUR    





		USD	    


		GBP	    


		DKK	    


		EUR	    


		NOK	    


		PLN	    


		SEK	    


		CHF	    






                English            





                    Nederlands                


                    Français                


                    Deutsch                


                    English                








 

My Account
My Cart
Checkout
Log In
Sign Up












Intellihome sinds 1997











		   0		




				    You have no items in your shopping cart.				



 




Search Site


Search:


Categories
   A/V Solutions
     IR Control
       IR Extender Cable Type
       IR Extender Wireless
       IR Extender Coax Type
       IR Extender Accessories
       IR Extender HDMI
       Global Caché
     HDMI Accessoires
       HDMI Switchers
       HDMI Splitters
       HDMI Wireless
       HDMI Extenders
     TV&Video Accessoires
       Wireless
       Coax
       CAT5
       Accessories
       Remote Controls
     Audio Accessoires
       Wireless Audio Transmitters
       Audio Converters
       Bluetooth Speakers
       Bluetooth Receivers
       Bluetooth Transmitters
     Global Caché
       iTach
       iTach Accessories
       iTach Flex
       iTach Flex Accessories
   LED
     LED Spots 12V
     LED Spots 230V
     LED Downlights
   Outlet
   Home Automation
     Trust Smart Home (ex-COCO)
       Transmitters
       Receivers
       Dimmers
       Smartphone/Tablet
       Door Chimes
       Promo Packs
       LED Bulbs
       Security
       Accessories
       Zenders
       Ontvangers
       Dimmers
       Smartphone/Tablets
       Deurbellen
       Montagedozen
       Voordeelsets
     X10
       X10 Blinds & Curtains Control
       X10 Plug-In Modules
       X10 Starter Sets
       X10 Wall Mounted Modules
       X10 Micro Modules
       X10 DIN-rail Modules
       X10 Transmitters & Controllers
       X10 Transceivers
       X10 Dimmers & Switches
       X10 Special Modules
       X10 Accessories
       X10 RF
       X10 RF Sets
     RFXCOM
     Software & Books
       Ebode Stekker Modules
       Ebode Micro Modules
       Ebode Wand Modules
       Ebode RF Modules
       Ebode Afstandsbedieningen
       Ebode Voordeelsets
     Insteon
       Light Bulbs
       Sets
       Accessories
       Apps & Software
       Plug-In Modules
       Micro Modules
       Din-rail Modules
       Controllers
       Thermostats
       Sensors
       Remotes
     Z-Wave
       Plug-In Modules
       Micro Modules
         Lighting Modules
         Appliance Modules
         Shutter Modules
         Modules with energy measurement
         Thermostat Modules
       Transmitters
         Gateways
         USB Sticks
         Wall Transmitters
         Remote Controls
         Accessories
           Zipato
           Homeseer
           Other
       Sensors
         Door/Windows Sensors
         Motion Sensors
         Smoke/CO Sensors
         Temperature Sensors
         Water Sensors
         Binary Sensors
         Multi Sensors
         Weather Stations
         Humidity Sensors
         Sound Sensors
       Blinds/Sunscreens
       Heating
         Thermostats
         Boiler Control
         Radiator Valves
         Micro Modules
         Temperature Sensors
         Accessories
       Z-Wave by Brand
         FIBARO
         Vera Smart Home Controllers
         HomeSeer
         Vision
         Aeotec
         Remotec
         Popp
         TKB
         Qubino
         Philio
         Everspring
         Eurotronic
         Danfoss
         Secure
         Zipato
         Swiid
         Z-Wave.me
         Heatit
         MCO Home
         NodOn
         Domitech
         Sensative
         Danalock
         Vitrum
         Samsung 
       Energy measurement
         Plug-in Modules
         Micro Modules
         DIN-Rail Modules
         Ammeter
       Security
         Sirens
         Locks
         Alarm sets
         Motion Sensors
         Door/Window Sensors
         Smoke/CO Sensors
         Multi Sensors
         RFID Control
         Cameras
       Starter Sets
         FIBARO
         Zipato
         Vera
         HomeSeer
         Indigo
         Domoticz
         Qubino
       Other
       IR Control
       LED-Bulbs
       Software
       DIN-Rail Modules
       Promo Packs
         FIBARO
         Zipato
         Qubino
         Danfoss
         Add-a-Motor
     Philips Hue
     Amazon Echo
     Apple HomeKit
       Netatmo
       elgato
       Honeywell
       FIBARO
     Sticker
     Door Phone Sets
     Door Phone Accessories
     Mini-Projectors
     PowerCube
     Other Accessories
       Basic Sets
       Accessories 
     Alarm Systems GSM 868MHz
       Basic Sets
       Accessories 
     Candle Lamp E27
     NVR
     Access Control
     Sports/Action Cameras
     Alarm Systems
       Alarm Systems PSTN 433MHz
         Basic Sets
         Accessories Protector+/SC28/SC9000
         Accessories Homeguard
         Accessories XT-AS001
       Alarm Systems PSTN 868MHz
         Basic Sets
         Accessories
       Trust Alarmsystemen
       Mini Alarm Systems
         Personal Alarm
         Home
         Bike
         Accessories
         Memory Cards
     Alarmsystemen 868MHz
     Cloud Cameras
     Alarm Systems GSM/PSTN
       Basic Sets
       Accessories XT-AS001
     Alarm Systems X10 433MHz
       Basic Sets
       Accessories Protector+/SC28/SC9000
       Accessories Homeguard
       Accessories Barking Dog
     Indoor IP Cameras
       2.0 Megapixel
       4.0 Megapixel
       0.3 Megapixel
       1.0 Megapixel
       1.3 Megapixel
     Outdoor IP Cameras
       2.0 Megapixel
       4.0 Megapixel
       0.3 Megapixel
       1.0 Megapixel
       1.3 Megapixel
     IP Cameras by brand
       Alarm Systems GSM 433MHz
         Accessories EASX001
         Basic Sets
         Accessories XT-AS001
       IP Cameras Foscam
       IP Cameras ebode
   Security
     Door Phones
       WiFi Door Bell 
       Wireless Door Phones
       Wired Door Bells
       PoE Door Bell
     NVR-Kits
       NVR Kit with PoE
       NVR Kit with WiFi
       NVR Kit Foscam
       NVR Kit X-Tron
       NVR Kit Accessories
       NVR Kit Dahua
     Alarm
       Proguard Accessories
       Alarm System SC9000 (X10)
       Alarm System HomeGuard (X10)
       Alarm System Barking Dog (X10)
       Alarm System X-Tron
       Mini Alarm Systems
       Z-Wave Alarm Systems
       Trust Alarm System
     Access Control
      Sports/Action Cameras 
     IP Cameras
       IP Camera PoE
       IP Camera WiFi
       IP Camera Baby
       Foscam IP Cameras
         Foscam Outdoor IP Camera
         Foscam Indoor IP Camera
         Foscam PoE IP Camera 
         Foscam WiFi IP Camera
         Foscam Baby IP Camera
       IP Camera Outdoor
       IP Camera Indoor
       Dahua IP Cameras
         Dahua Indoor IP Camera
         Dahua Outdoor IP Camera
         Dahua accessoires
       IP Camera Accessories 
         POE Accessories
         WiFi Accessories
         Antenna
         Power Supply
         Extension Cord
         Attachment
         NVR
         Foscam Accessories
         Memory Cards
   SALES
   Qubino Action
   Gift Cards
   Merken
     FIBARO

 


















Home Home AutomationZ-WaveTransmittersGatewaysUSB SticksWall TransmittersRemote ControlsAccessoriesZipatoHomeseerOtherPlug-In ModulesMicro ModulesLighting ModulesAppliance ModulesShutter ModulesModules with energy measurementThermostat ModulesDIN-Rail ModulesSensorsDoor/Windows SensorsMotion SensorsSmoke/CO SensorsTemperature SensorsHumidity SensorsWater SensorsMulti SensorsBinary SensorsWeather StationsBlinds/SunscreensHeatingThermostatsBoiler ControlRadiator ValvesMicro ModulesTemperature SensorsAccessoriesEnergy measurementPlug-in ModulesMicro ModulesDIN-Rail ModulesAmmeterZ-Wave 2placeholder for 2nd columnLED-BulbsSecuritySirensMotion SensorsDoor/Window SensorsSmoke/CO SensorsMulti SensorsLocksRFID ControlAlarm setsIR ControlSoftwareOtherStarter SetsFIBAROZipatoVeraHomeSeerIndigoDomoticzQubinoPromo PacksFIBAROZipatoQubinoDanfossAdd-a-MotorZ-Wave by BrandAeotecDanalockDanfossDomitechEurotronicEverspringFIBAROHeatitHomeSeerMCO HomeNodOnPhilioPoppQubinoRemotecSecureSensativeSwiidTKBVera Smart Home ControllersVisionZipatoZ-Wave.meTrust Smart Home (ex-COCO)TransmittersReceiversDimmersSmartphone/TabletDoor ChimesPromo PacksLED BulbsSecurityAccessoriesInsteonPlug-In ModulesMicro ModulesDin-rail ModulesControllersThermostatsSensorsRemotesLight BulbsSetsAccessoriesApps & SoftwareOtherRFXCOMSoftware & BooksApple HomeKitWorks With Apple Homekit elgatoHoneywellNetatmoX10X10 ModulesX10 Plug-In ModulesX10 Wall Mounted ModulesX10 Micro ModulesX10 DIN-rail ModulesX10 Transmitters & ControllersX10 TransceiversX10 Dimmers & SwitchesX10 Special ModulesX10 AccessoriesX10 Blinds & Curtains ControlX10 Starter SetsX10 RFX10 RF Sets SecurityIP CamerasIP Camera OutdoorIP Camera IndoorIP Camera PoEIP Camera WiFiIP Camera BabyFoscam IP CamerasFoscam Outdoor IP CameraFoscam Indoor IP CameraFoscam PoE IP Camera Foscam WiFi IP CameraFoscam Baby IP CameraIP Camera Accessories Foscam AccessoriesMemory CardsPOE AccessoriesWiFi AccessoriesNVRAntennaPower SupplyExtension CordAttachmentDahua IP CamerasNEWDahua Indoor IP CameraDahua Outdoor IP CameraDahua accessoiresNVR-KitsNVR Kit with PoENVR Kit with WiFiNVR Kit FoscamNVR Kit X-TronNVR Kit DahuaNVR Kit AccessoriesDoor PhonesWiFi Door Bell Wireless Door PhonesWired Door BellsPoE Door BellAccess Control Sports/Action Cameras AlarmAlarm System SC9000 (X10)Alarm System HomeGuard (X10)Alarm System Barking Dog (X10)Proguard AccessoriesMini Alarm SystemsAlarm System X-TronZ-Wave Alarm SystemsTrust Alarm System A/V SolutionsHDMI AccessoiresHDMI SwitchersHDMI SplittersHDMI WirelessHDMI ExtendersTV&Video AccessoiresWirelessCoaxCAT5AccessoriesRemote ControlsAudio AccessoiresWireless Audio TransmittersAudio ConvertersBluetooth SpeakersBluetooth ReceiversBluetooth TransmittersIR ControlIR Extender Cable TypeIR Extender WirelessIR Extender Coax TypeIR Extender AccessoriesIR Extender HDMIGlobal CachéGlobal CachéiTachiTach AccessoriesiTach FlexiTach Flex Accessories LEDLED Spots 12VLED Spots 230VLED Downlights Brands

  aeotec 


  Dahua 


  Danalock 


  Danfoss 


  Domitech 


  ebode 


  Electronics Line 


  elgato eve 


  eurotronic 


  everspring 


  Fibaro 


  Foscam 


  Global Cache 


  Heatit 


  Homeseer 


  Honeywell 


  Indigo 


  Insteon 


  MCO Home 


  Neo Coolcam 


  Nest 


  Netatmo 


  NodOn 


  Philio 


  Philips Hue 


  Piper 


  Popp 


  Qubino 


  Remotec 


  RFXCOM 


  RISCO 


  Samsung SmartThings 


  Secure 


  Sensative 


  Sonos 


  Swiid 


  TKB 


  Trust Smart Home 


  Vera 


  Vision 


  Vitrum 


  Western Digital 


  X-Tron 


  X10 


  Z-Wave 


  Z-Wave.me 


  Zipato 

Outlet

Menu


Home AutomationZ-WaveTransmittersGatewaysUSB SticksWall TransmittersRemote ControlsAccessoriesZipatoHomeseerOtherPlug-In ModulesMicro ModulesLighting ModulesAppliance ModulesShutter ModulesModules with energy measurementThermostat ModulesDIN-Rail ModulesSensorsDoor/Windows SensorsMotion SensorsSmoke/CO SensorsTemperature SensorsHumidity SensorsWater SensorsMulti SensorsBinary SensorsWeather StationsBlinds/SunscreensHeatingThermostatsBoiler ControlRadiator ValvesMicro ModulesTemperature SensorsAccessoriesEnergy measurementPlug-in ModulesMicro ModulesDIN-Rail ModulesAmmeterLED-BulbsSecuritySirensMotion SensorsDoor/Window SensorsSmoke/CO SensorsMulti SensorsLocksRFID ControlAlarm setsIR ControlSoftwareOtherStarter SetsFIBAROZipatoVeraHomeSeerIndigoDomoticzQubinoPromo PacksFIBAROZipatoQubinoDanfossAdd-a-MotorZ-Wave by BrandFIBAROVera Smart Home ControllersHomeSeerVisionAeotecRemotecPoppTKBQubinoPhilioEverspringEurotronicDanfossSecureZipatoSwiidZ-Wave.meHeatitMCO HomeNodOnDomitechSensativeDanalockTrust Smart Home (ex-COCO)TransmittersReceiversDimmersSmartphone/TabletDoor ChimesPromo PacksLED BulbsSecurityAccessoriesInsteonPlug-In ModulesMicro ModulesDin-rail ModulesControllersThermostatsSensorsRemotesLight BulbsSetsAccessoriesApps & SoftwareOtherSoftware & BooksRFXCOMApple HomeKitelgatoHoneywellNetatmoX10X10 Plug-In ModulesX10 Wall Mounted ModulesX10 Micro ModulesX10 DIN-rail ModulesX10 Transmitters & ControllersX10 TransceiversX10 Dimmers & SwitchesX10 Special ModulesX10 AccessoriesX10 Blinds & Curtains ControlX10 Starter SetsX10 RFX10 RF SetsSecurityIP CamerasIP Camera OutdoorIP Camera IndoorIP Camera PoEIP Camera WiFiIP Camera BabyIP Camera Accessories Foscam AccessoriesMemory CardsPOE AccessoriesWiFi AccessoriesNVRAntennaPower SupplyExtension CordAttachmentFoscam IP CamerasFoscam Outdoor IP CameraFoscam Indoor IP CameraFoscam PoE IP Camera Foscam WiFi IP CameraFoscam Baby IP CameraNVR-KitsNVR Kit with PoENVR Kit with WiFiNVR Kit FoscamNVR Kit X-TronNVR Kit DahuaNVR Kit AccessoriesDoor PhonesWiFi Door Bell Wireless Door PhonesWired Door BellsPoE Door BellAlarmAlarm System SC9000 (X10)Alarm System HomeGuard (X10)Alarm System Barking Dog (X10)Proguard AccessoriesAlarm System X-TronMini Alarm SystemsZ-Wave Alarm SystemsTrust Alarm SystemAccess Control Sports/Action Cameras A/V SolutionsHDMI AccessoiresHDMI SwitchersHDMI SplittersHDMI WirelessHDMI ExtendersTV&Video AccessoiresWirelessCoaxCAT5AccessoriesRemote ControlsAudio AccessoiresWireless Audio TransmittersAudio ConvertersBluetooth SpeakersBluetooth ReceiversBluetooth TransmittersIR ControlIR Extender Cable TypeIR Extender WirelessIR Extender Coax TypeIR Extender AccessoriesIR Extender HDMIGlobal CachéGlobal CachéiTachiTach AccessoriesiTach FlexiTach Flex AccessoriesLEDLED Spots 12VLED Spots 230VLED DownlightsBrandsOutlet  Home AutomationZ-WaveTransmittersGatewaysUSB SticksWall TransmittersRemote ControlsAccessoriesZipatoHomeseerOtherPlug-In ModulesMicro ModulesLighting ModulesAppliance ModulesShutter ModulesModules with energy measurementThermostat ModulesDIN-Rail ModulesSensorsDoor/Windows SensorsMotion SensorsSmoke/CO SensorsTemperature SensorsHumidity SensorsWater SensorsMulti SensorsBinary SensorsWeather StationsBlinds/SunscreensHeatingThermostatsBoiler ControlRadiator ValvesMicro ModulesTemperature SensorsAccessoriesEnergy measurementPlug-in ModulesMicro ModulesDIN-Rail ModulesAmmeterLED-BulbsSecuritySirensMotion SensorsDoor/Window SensorsSmoke/CO SensorsMulti SensorsLocksRFID ControlAlarm setsIR ControlSoftwareOtherStarter SetsFIBAROZipatoVeraHomeSeerIndigoDomoticzQubinoPromo PacksFIBAROZipatoQubinoDanfossAdd-a-MotorZ-Wave by BrandFIBAROVera Smart Home ControllersHomeSeerVisionAeotecRemotecPoppTKBQubinoPhilioEverspringEurotronicDanfossSecureZipatoSwiidZ-Wave.meHeatitMCO HomeNodOnDomitechSensativeDanalockTrust Smart Home (ex-COCO)TransmittersReceiversDimmersSmartphone/TabletDoor ChimesPromo PacksLED BulbsSecurityAccessoriesInsteonPlug-In ModulesMicro ModulesDin-rail ModulesControllersThermostatsSensorsRemotesLight BulbsSetsAccessoriesApps & SoftwareOtherSoftware & BooksRFXCOMApple HomeKitelgatoHoneywellNetatmoX10X10 Plug-In ModulesX10 Wall Mounted ModulesX10 Micro ModulesX10 DIN-rail ModulesX10 Transmitters & ControllersX10 TransceiversX10 Dimmers & SwitchesX10 Special ModulesX10 AccessoriesX10 Blinds & Curtains ControlX10 Starter SetsX10 RFX10 RF Sets SecurityIP CamerasIP Camera OutdoorIP Camera IndoorIP Camera PoEIP Camera WiFiIP Camera BabyIP Camera Accessories Foscam AccessoriesMemory CardsPOE AccessoriesWiFi AccessoriesNVRAntennaPower SupplyExtension CordAttachmentFoscam IP CamerasFoscam Outdoor IP CameraFoscam Indoor IP CameraFoscam PoE IP Camera Foscam WiFi IP CameraFoscam Baby IP CameraNVR-KitsNVR Kit with PoENVR Kit with WiFiNVR Kit FoscamNVR Kit X-TronNVR Kit DahuaNVR Kit AccessoriesDoor PhonesWiFi Door Bell Wireless Door PhonesWired Door BellsPoE Door BellAlarmAlarm System SC9000 (X10)Alarm System HomeGuard (X10)Alarm System Barking Dog (X10)Proguard AccessoriesAlarm System X-TronMini Alarm SystemsZ-Wave Alarm SystemsTrust Alarm SystemAccess Control Sports/Action Cameras  A/V SolutionsHDMI AccessoiresHDMI SwitchersHDMI SplittersHDMI WirelessHDMI ExtendersTV&Video AccessoiresWirelessCoaxCAT5AccessoriesRemote ControlsAudio AccessoiresWireless Audio TransmittersAudio ConvertersBluetooth SpeakersBluetooth ReceiversBluetooth TransmittersIR ControlIR Extender Cable TypeIR Extender WirelessIR Extender Coax TypeIR Extender AccessoriesIR Extender HDMIGlobal CachéGlobal CachéiTachiTach AccessoriesiTach FlexiTach Flex Accessories LEDLED Spots 12VLED Spots 230VLED DownlightsBrandsOutlet 











Home



Trust Smart Home ACM-250 - Build-in halogen dimmer 250W
















 





































































Trust Smart Home ACM-250 - Build-in halogen dimmer 250W




Trust Smart Home ACM-250 - Build-in halogen dimmer (trailing edge) with 6 memory addresses, developed for 230V and 12V halogen lighting with electronic transformer. Suited to dim lighting wirelessly with a Trust Smart Home transmitter of your choice. Simple installation in a junction or installation box. Maximum load 250 Watt or 220VA when connected to an electronic transformer. 





Availability :In stock

Product Code :73047    


€24.99 





Buy more than one ?

Number
Discount
Price

1
-
 €24.99 



							2						

							5%
							
						

€23.74 








							5						

							10%
							
						

€22.49 












  Cheaper elsewhere? Click here for our lowest price guarantee



Qty :








Add to Cart



















Why Intellihome?

 
FREE SHIPPING

From € 49 to BE/NL

From € 149 to many countries

 
Best service
Support in a fast and professional manner 
 
14 day time for reflection
Not satisfied with your order? Send it back within 14 days 
 
Lowest price guarantee
Intellihome always guarantees the best price 







  
Check out our comprehensive FAQ 








Accessories



        Select products to add to your order     Select all








Trust Smart Home AYCT-102 - Remote Control












Regular Price:

                    €17.99                


Special Price

                    €17.09                


 







Trust Smart Home AWST-8802 - 2-channel wireless wall switch












Regular Price:

                    €21.99                


Special Price

                    €20.89                


 







Trust Smart Home TMT-502 - Remote Control












Regular Price:

                    €35.99                


Special Price

                    €25.99                


 







Trust Smart Home Splashproof Junction Box












Regular Price:

                    €14.99                


Special Price

                    €12.99                


 















Description
Applications
Specifications
Package contents
Product Questions
Downloads


 Details

The Trust Smart Home ACM-250 build-in halogen dimmer is developed to dim halogen lighting, in particular 12V halogen lighting with an electronic transformer. 
The maximum load of the Trust Smart Home ACM-250 is 250 Watt or 220VA when connected to an electronic transformer. 
The receiver can easily be installed in an existing (wall or ceiling) installation box or in closets. You can use a Trust Smart Home transmitter of your choice to dim the lights. 
The receiver has an electronic memory with 6 memory addresses, which means you can use up to 6 different Trust Smart Home transmitters to control the receiver. If you want to install this product outdoors, you can use the waterproof junction box.
This dim receiver is perfect to use with regular 230V halogen lighting, Eco Halogen lighting and 12V halogen lighting with an electronic transformer. 

 Details

 








Model  ACM-250Code System  AutomaticChannels  NoMemory addresses  6RF reception range  NoDetection angle  NoWater resistance  NoSequences  NoPercentage dimming  NoDusk/dawn function  NoPower Supply  AC 220V/50HzSuitable for Incandescent, Eco halogen, Halogen 230V, Halogen 12V with dimmable electronic transformer, Dimensions  53 x 53 x 21 mmWarranty  2 year carry-in 



 Details


ACM-250 Build-in Halogen Dimmer
Multilanguage user manual (EN/DE/FR/ES/PT/GR/FI/HU/RU/AR) 
 



Ask Question

Your question will be answered through our helpdesk ticket system.

Frequently asked questions about this product






Name*







Email Address*











Send Question







 

Be the first to ask a question about this product








Trust Smart Home ACM-250(ML) (1.57 MB) 



Trust Smart Home Katalogus/Katalog/Catalog (English) (4.28 MB) 














You may also be interested in the following product(s):






 











            0 Review(s)        







Trust Smart Home AWMR-210 - Mini built-in dimmer 210W


€32.99 

Add to Cart






 











            0 Review(s)        







Trust Smart Home ACM-100 - Built-in Dimmer 200W


€31.99 

Add to Cart






 











            0 Review(s)        







Trust Smart Home ACM-300 - Built-in dimmer 300W


€23.99 

Add to Cart




SALE -5%  

 











            0 Review(s)        







Trust Smart Home AFR-100 - Fitting Dimmer 100W


Regular Price:

                    €30.99                


Special Price

                    €29.49                


Add to Cart






 











            0 Review(s)        







Trust Smart Home AC-300 - Mains socket dimmer 300W


€24.99 

Add to Cart



















            0 Review(s)        







Trust Smart Home AWMD-250 Mini Built-in Dimmer multi


€34.99 

Add to Cart




SALE -15%  













            0 Review(s)        







Trust Smart Home ACM-LV24 Mini 12-24 V LED dimmer


Regular Price:

                    €33.99                


Special Price

                    €28.99                


Add to Cart
















 
 Contact

















Price Match



*Your Name





*Email






Telephone






*Product Name






*Competitor's product link





*Competitor's price





I'd like to pay for it





Information













* Required Fields
Submit
Cancel






 
























Primary Trusts | SmartTrust® | Unit Investment Trusts | UITs
















































Call Us: (888) 505-2872


Search for:










SmartTrust UIT - Primary Offerings
 
UIT Categories:







All
Taxable Equity Income Portfolios
Taxable Income Portfolios
Equity Oriented Portfolios
Tax Free Income Portfolios


 View Proposal Builder 













Portfolio
Symbol

Initial Offer Date


Termination Date

Offer Price Net Asset Value
Price Date

Est. Net Annl1st Year Inc*

Docs





Taxable Equity & Income Portfolio


Dynamic Sector Income Trust (Series 18)
SMDSRX
06-29-2017
07-02-2019
$10.2761 $10.2685
07-27-2017
$0.5246



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky





Strategic Growth & Income Trust (Series 12)
SMGIMX
06-13-2017
06-13-2019
$10.0254 $10.0248
07-27-2017
$0.6697



Fact Card Prospectus Blue Sky





Adelante REIT Growth & Income Trust (Series 11)
SMADKX
06-12-2017
06-12-2019
$10.1252 $10.1217
07-27-2017
$0.4558



Fact Card Prospectus Blue Sky





Tax-Advantaged Growth & Income (Series 13)
SMTAMX
04-20-2017
04-23-2019
$10.1119 $10.0075
07-27-2017
$0.5417



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky





Enhanced Value II Trust (Series 17)
SMEDQX
04-13-2017
04-16-2019
$9.9749 $9.8759
07-27-2017
$0.5024



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky



Taxable Income Portfolio


Preferreds Plus Trust (Series 4)
SMPPDX
07-25-2017
07-25-2019
$9.9846 $9.985
07-27-2017
$0.5220



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky





CEFA Select BDC Trust (Series 10)
SMBDJX
07-11-2017
07-11-2019
$9.8762 $9.8797
07-27-2017
$0.8827



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky





Portfolio of Closed-End Fund Opportunities Trust (series 12)
SMCELX
04-25-2017
04-25-2019
$10.0688 $9.9661
07-27-2017
$0.7314



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky





Rising Interest Rates Hedge Trust (Series 8)
SMRRHX
02-09-2017
02-12-2019
$9.7097 $9.6211
07-27-2017
$0.4817



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky



Equity Oriented Portfolio


High 20 Dividend Strategy Trust (Series 17)
SMHDQX
07-26-2017
07-26-2019
$9.9107 $9.9132
07-27-2017
$0.3084



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky





Smart Ten Trust (Series 9)
SMSTIX
07-25-2017
10-26-2018
$10.1435 $10.1409
07-27-2017
$0.3574



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky





Miller/Howard North American Energy Opportunities Trust (Series 7)
SMMHGX
07-20-2017
10-19-2018
$10.2181 $10.2141
07-27-2017
$0.2328



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky





Defensive 50 Equities Trust (Series 12)
SMDFLX
07-13-2017
10-17-2018
$10.1580 $10.155
07-27-2017
$0.2400



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky





Dorsey Wright International Momentum Trust (Series 8)
SMDWHX
07-12-2017
10-17-2018
$10.1457 $10.143
07-27-2017
$0.1213



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky





Argus Dividend Growers Total Return Trust (Series 13)
SMARMX
07-03-2017
10-05-2018
$10.1174 $10.1153
07-27-2017
$0.2043



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky





Morningstar Dividend Yield Select Trust (Series 2)
SMMDBX
06-28-2017
06-28-2019
$10.0831 $10.0808
07-27-2017
$0.3309



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky





Sustainable Impact Investing Trust (Series 10)
SMSIJX
05-23-2017
05-23-2019
$10.4247 $10.308
07-27-2017
$0.1777



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky





Healthcare Innovations Trust (Series 3)
SMHCCX
05-02-2017
05-02-2019
$11.1584 $11.0126
07-27-2017
$0.0000



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky





Zacks GARP Composite 35 Trust (Series 13)
SMGPMX
04-25-2017
08-02-2018
$10.1988 $10.093
07-27-2017
$0.0812



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky



Tax Free Income Portfolio


Tax Free Income Trust (Series 26)
SMTFXX
07-27-2017
07-30-2019
$10.0000 $10
07-27-2017
$0.5397



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky





California Municipal Portfolio of Closed-End Funds Trust (Series 6)
SMCAFX
04-06-2017
04-09-2019
$10.1431 $10.0375
07-27-2017
$0.4809



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky





New York Municipal Portfolio of Closed-End Funds Trust (Series 14)
SMNYOX
03-21-2017
03-21-2019
$10.4657 $10.3473
07-27-2017
$0.4867



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky





New Jersey Municipal Portfolio of Closed-end Funds Trust (Series 10)
SMNJJX
03-14-2017
03-14-2019
$10.7196 $10.5912
07-27-2017
$0.5371



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky









*Estimated Net Annual First Year Distribution per unit is computed by dividing the estimated annual income of the underlying securities less the expense per unit by the number of units outstanding. The estimated net annual distributions for subsequent years are expected to be less than estimated distributions for the first year because a portion of the securities included in the trust portfolio will be sold during the  first year to pay for organization costs, the creation and development fee and the deferred sales charge. The actual net annual distributions will vary with changes in the trust’s fees and expenses and income of the underlying securities.












	Smart Trust Summary | Stephen M.R. Covey & Greg Link with Rebecca R. Merrill | Soundview
























Skip To Main Content
Skip To Main Navigation
Skip to Secondary Navigation
Accessibility Information






Welcome, Guest!

Log In
Register




Contact Us
My Account
View Cart

Checkout




Free Book Summary! 



Subscribe NowShopSummary SubscriptionsBack Issue SummariesWebinarsSmartTips® VideosExecutive EdgeCorporate LearningBlogMy Library



Keywords

Search






HomeShopBack Issue Summaries




ShopSummary SubscriptionsBack Issue SummariesWebinarsSmartTips® VideosExecutive EdgeSummary CollectionsExecutive SkillSets2017 Summaries2016 Summaries2015 Summaries2014 SummariesRecent Best SellersAll-Time Best SellersCareer & Self DevelopmentEconomics & GlobalizationEntrepreneurshipFinance & AccountingHuman ResourcesInnovationLeadershipManagementMarketingSalesSpecial EditionTechnologySubjectManagement (356)Leadership (209)Career & Self Development (161)Marketing (82)Sales (40)Human Resources (44)Economics (28)Entrepreneurship (22)Finance (13)Technology (31)Innovation (30)CompetencyAccountability (11)Adversity, Pressure & Stress (9)Behavior & Psychology (35)Boss Relationships (7)Branding (8)Career Success & Advancement (21)Change Management (18)Character & Ethics (9)Coaching (6)Communication (26)Competitive Strategies (32)Conflict Management (11)Corporate Execution & Performance (14)Corporate Strategies (26)Creativity (13)Crisis & Risk Management (9)CRM (4)Culture (31)Customer-Focused Strategy (17)Customer Service (8)Decision Making & Problem Solving (22)Diversity (11)Ecommerce (20)Economics (10)Entrepreneurship & Small Business (19)Fear & Courage (4)Feedback (3)Forecasting & Future Planning (18)Global Challenges & Strategies (13)Goals (6)Great Companies (19)Great Leaders (21)Growth Strategies (23)HR Strategy (13)Influence (21)Innovation (36)Leadership Essentials (16)Leadership Styles (34)Learning (11)Listening (2)Management (24)Managing Teams (32)Marketing (25)Meetings & Reviews (2)Motivation & Engagement (20)Negotiation (6)Networking (7)New Leaders (8)Next Level Leadership (16)Opportunity & Initiative (10)Organizational Health & Alignment (16)Peer & Team Relationships (13)Personal Performance (50)Presentations (8)Product Development (12)Professionalism & Work Ethic (3)Project Management (8)Quality & Efficiency (12)Sales Management (9)Sales Strategies (23)Succession Planning (5)Sustainability & Green Business (7)Talent (19)Time Management (10)Trust & Transparency (11)Uncertainty, Ambiguity & Tough Times (9)Values & Vision (10)Work/Life Balance (7)Content TypeBook Summary (968)Publication DateAugust 2017 (3)July 2017 (3)June 2017 (3)May 2017 (3)April 2017 (3)March 2017 (3)February 2017 (3)January 2017 (3)December 2016 (3)November 2016 (3)October 2016 (3)September 2016 (3)August 2016 (3)July 2016 (3)June 2016 (3)May 2016 (3)April 2016 (5)March 2016 (8)February 2016 (7)January 2016 (6)December 2015 (6)November 2015 (8)October 2015 (7)September 2015 (3)August 2015 (3)July 2015 (4)June 2015 (3)May 2015 (3)April 2015 (3)March 2015 (2)February 2015 (3)January 2015 (3)December 2014 (3)November 2014 (3)October 2014 (3)September 2014 (3)August 2014 (3)July 2014 (3)June 2014 (3)May 2014 (3)April 2014 (3)March 2014 (3)February 2014 (4)January 2014 (3)December 2013 (3)November 2013 (4)October 2013 (5)September 2013 (4)August 2013 (6)July 2013 (5)June 2013 (5)May 2013 (7)April 2013 (3)March 2013 (5)February 2013 (5)January 2013 (4)December 2012 (6)November 2012 (4)October 2012 (4)September 2012 (4)August 2012 (4)July 2012 (3)June 2012 (5)May 2012 (5)April 2012 (5)March 2012 (5)February 2012 (5)January 2012 (5)December 2011 (3)November 2011 (5)October 2011 (6)September 2011 (3)August 2011 (3)July 2011 (4)June 2011 (3)May 2011 (3)April 2011 (3)March 2011 (4)February 2011 (4)January 2011 (4)December 2010 (4)November 2010 (3)October 2010 (6)September 2010 (5)August 2010 (6)July 2010 (5)June 2010 (3)May 2010 (5)April 2010 (4)March 2010 (5)February 2010 (8)January 2010 (6)December 2009 (5)November 2009 (5)October 2009 (4)September 2009 (5)August 2009 (5)July 2009 (6)June 2009 (5)May 2009 (3)April 2009 (4)March 2009 (3)February 2009 (7)January 2009 (7)December 2008 (5)November 2008 (6)October 2008 (5)September 2008 (4)August 2008 (4)July 2008 (6)June 2008 (3)December 1981 (1)May 2008 (3)April 2008 (3)March 2008 (4)February 2008 (3)January 2008 (4)December 2007 (4)November 2007 (3)October 2007 (3)September 2007 (5)August 2007 (5)July 2007 (4)June 2007 (2)May 2007 (3)April 2007 (3)March 2007 (3)February 2007 (3)January 2007 (4)December 2006 (6)November 2006 (5)October 2006 (3)September 2006 (3)August 2006 (2)July 2006 (3)June 2006 (2)May 2006 (2)April 2006 (3)March 2006 (3)February 2006 (2)January 2006 (3)December 2005 (2)November 2005 (3)October 2005 (2)September 2005 (3)August 2005 (2)July 2005 (3)June 2005 (2)May 2005 (3)April 2005 (2)March 2005 (3)February 2005 (2)January 2005 (2)December 2004 (2)November 2004 (3)October 2004 (2)September 2004 (3)August 2004 (2)July 2004 (3)June 2004 (1)May 2004 (3)April 2004 (2)March 2004 (3)February 2004 (2)January 2004 (3)December 2003 (2)November 2003 (3)October 2003 (2)September 2003 (3)August 2003 (2)July 2003 (3)June 2003 (2)May 2003 (3)April 2003 (2)March 2003 (2)February 2003 (2)January 2003 (2)December 2002 (2)November 2002 (3)October 2002 (2)September 2002 (2)August 2002 (2)July 2002 (3)June 2002 (2)May 2002 (2)April 2002 (2)March 2002 (3)February 2002 (2)January 2002 (3)December 2001 (2)November 2001 (3)October 2001 (2)September 2001 (3)August 2001 (2)July 2001 (3)June 2001 (2)May 2001 (3)April 2001 (2)March 2001 (3)February 2001 (2)January 2001 (3)December 2000 (2)November 2000 (3)October 2000 (2)September 2000 (3)August 2000 (2)July 2000 (3)June 2000 (2)May 2000 (3)April 2000 (2)March 2000 (3)February 2000 (2)January 2000 (3)December 1999 (2)November 1999 (3)October 1999 (2)September 1999 (3)August 1999 (2)July 1999 (3)June 1999 (2)May 1999 (3)April 1999 (2)March 1999 (3)February 1999 (2)January 1999 (3)December 1998 (2)November 1998 (3)October 1998 (2)September 1998 (3)August 1998 (2)July 1998 (3)June 1998 (2)May 1998 (3)April 1998 (2)March 1998 (3)February 1998 (2)January 1998 (3)December 1997 (2)November 1997 (3)October 1997 (2)September 1997 (3)August 1997 (2)July 1997 (2)June 1997 (2)May 1997 (3)April 1997 (2)March 1997 (3)February 1997 (2)January 1997 (3)December 1996 (1)November 1996 (3)October 1996 (2)September 1996 (3)August 1996 (2)July 1996 (2)June 1996 (2)May 1996 (2)April 1996 (2)March 1996 (2)February 1996 (1)January 1996 (2)December 1995 (2)November 1995 (3)October 1995 (2)September 1995 (1)August 1995 (1)July 1995 (2)June 1995 (1)May 1995 (1)April 1995 (2)March 1995 (2)February 1995 (2)January 1995 (2)November 1994 (1)October 1994 (2)September 1994 (3)August 1994 (2)July 1994 (2)June 1994 (1)March 1994 (1)February 1994 (1)January 1994 (2)December 1993 (2)November 1993 (3)October 1993 (1)September 1993 (2)August 1993 (2)July 1993 (3)June 1993 (2)May 1993 (3)April 1993 (1)February 1993 (1)December 1992 (2)November 1992 (3)October 1992 (1)September 1992 (3)August 1992 (2)July 1992 (2)October 1991 (1)August 1991 (1)June 1991 (1)April 1991 (1)February 1991 (2)December 1990 (1)November 1990 (1)October 1990 (1)September 1990 (1)April 1990 (2)February 1990 (2)November 1989 (1)September 1989 (1)June 1989 (1)July 1988 (1)April 1988 (1)January 1988 (1)September 1987 (2)August 1987 (1)May 1987 (1)March 1987 (1)September 1986 (1)May 1986 (1)February 1986 (1)January 1986 (1)December 1985 (2)November 1985 (1)October 1985 (1)September 1985 (1)February 1985 (1)August 1984 (1)May 1984 (2)November 1983 (2)June 1983 (1)May 1983 (1)June 1982 (1)February 1982 (1)November 1981 (1)June 1981 (1)April 1981 (1)December 1979 (1)





Recently Viewed Products




Smart Trust












Smart Trust
Creating Prosperity, Energy, and Joy in a Low-Trust World



	by Stephen M.R. Covey, Greg Link & Rebecca R. Merrill










Item #:
			3420
		




Description


What You'll Learn


After illustrating the global relevance of trust with his book The Speed of Trust by selling more than one million copies in twenty-two languages, Stephen M. R. Covey again illuminates the hidden power of trust to change lives and impact organizations in Smart Trust. In a compelling and readable style, he and long-time business partner Greg Link share enlightening principles and anecdotes of people and organizations that are not only achieving unprecedented prosperity from high-trust relationships and cultures but — even more inspiring — also attaining elevated levels of energy and joy.
In this summary of Smart Trust, you will learn:How to know when to extend trust.How to increase prosperity, energy and joy in your life and organization.How to apply the five actions of Smart Trust.How to multiply performance.How to create a culture of trust.











Options
Sku #
Price
Quantity









Delivery Method:
Digital Download - Text & Audio




ESM3420
$9.00












Delivery Method:
Mail - Hard Copy




PSM3420
$10.50
















Email to a Friend








Generic


Summary Release Date:
								August 2012
							






Matching Products









The Speed of Trust


							By  Stephen M.R. Covey
						

Item #:
							2826
						

	
							According to Covey, trust is one of the essential elements of business, and the ability to create, preserve and restore trust has become one of the most important skills today, inside and outside the office. In The Speed of Trust, Covey gives his readers all the key tools to cultivating trust in their relationships, while offering up the wisdom of other great leaders on the topic.
						


From: $9.00

Buy Now!








Webinar: The 5 Key Actions to Creating Smart Trust


							By  Stephen M.R. Covey
						

Item #:
							CNF0112D
						

	
							In this Soundview Live webinar, The Five Key Actions to Creating Smart Trust, Stephen M.R. Covey explains that trust has become the new currency — the critical competency for individuals, teams, organizations, and even countries. He will help you develop the judgment to recognize and extend Smart Trust deliberately so that you can enjoy greater prosperity, energy, and joy in all dimensions of life.
						


From $69.00

Buy Now!








Webinar: Leading at the Speed of Trust


							By  Stephen M.R. Covey
						

Item #:
							CNF0609A
						

	
							People and organizations no longer do business with those they like, they do business with those they trust. Trust is the catalyst of enterprise and reduces the friction of all transactions while increasing profits. In this Soundview Live webinar, the focus is on trust and its importance to your success in relationships, career and life. Covey, the author of The Speed of Trust, is a practitioner, not a theorist. Through over 10 years of research and 30 years of first-hand experience as a senior 
						


From $69.00

Buy Now!



























HomeSubscriptionsCorporate SolutionsBook SummariesWebinarsBlogMy LibraryBook ReviewsFree NewslettersMobile LearningPartnershipsAuthorsPublishersAbout UsTestimonialsFAQsLibrary HelpPrivacy PolicyContact Us



©2017 Soundview, Inc. All rights reserved. May not be reproduced in whole or in part without written permission. Please read our Terms & Conditions.




























Smart Trust: How People, Companies, and Countries Are Prospering from High Trust in a Low Trust World by Stephen M.R. Covey — Reviews, Discussion, Bookclubs, Lists





























































Sign InJoin


















Goodreads helps you keep track of books you want to read.


Start by marking “Smart Trust: How People, Companies, and Countries Are Prospering from High Trust in a Low Trust World” as Want to Read:















Want to Read
saving…

















Want to Read




Currently Reading




Read




















Other editions




            Enlarge cover
          




















Want to Read
saving…


















Error rating book. Refresh and try again.

Rate this book
Clear rating
1 of 5 stars2 of 5 stars3 of 5 stars4 of 5 stars5 of 5 stars



Open Preview


See a Problem?


        We’d love your help.
        Let us know what’s wrong with this preview of
          Smart Trust by Stephen M.R. Covey.
      


Problem:
It’s the wrong book
It’s the wrong edition
Other



Details (if other):




         
        
        Cancel
        
 



Thanks for telling us about the problem.

    Return to Book Page
  



Not the book you’re looking for?

      Preview — Smart Trust
        by Stephen M.R. Covey
    









      Smart Trust: How People, Companies, and Countries Are Prospering from High Trust in a Low Trust World


by

Stephen M.R. Covey, 
Greg Link (Goodreads Author), Rebecca R. Merrill



Smart Trust: How People, Companies, and Countries Are Prospering from High Trust in a Low Trust World


3.98
 · 
Rating Details · 

252 Ratings
 · 

38
    Reviews




“Smart Trust is without doubt one of the most powerful and seminal books of our age” (Warren Bennis).After illustrating the global relevance of trust with his book The Speed of Trust by selling more than one million copies in twenty-two languages, Stephen M. R. Covey again illuminates the hidden power of trust to change lives and impact organizations in Smart Trust. In a c
“Smart Trust is without doubt one of the most powerful and seminal books of our age” (Warren Bennis).After illustrating the global relevance of trust with his book The Speed of Trust by selling more than one million copies in twenty-two languages, Stephen M. R. Covey again illuminates the hidden power of trust to change lives and impact organizations in Smart Trust. In a compelling and readable style, he and long-time business partner Greg Link share enlightening principles and anecdotes of people and organizations that are not only achieving unprecedented prosperity from high-trust relationships and cultures but—even more inspiring—also attaining elevated levels of energy and joy.     The sustainable success these leaders and enterprises are exhibiting is paradoxically being produced in what has proved to be the lowest trust climate in years, if not decades. Smart Trust shows what they are doing and the five actions they are commonly taking to prosper, against the odds, in the same circumstances causing so many others to fail.     With penetrating insights illuminated by their unique access to many of the world’s most successful leaders and organizations, the authors lay out a breakthrough process and skill set in a practical and actionable formula that makes trust a performance multiplier for leaders, teams, organizations, and even countries. They show why trust is fast becoming the most consequential life and leadership skill of our time—a career-critical competency required to navigate and compete in this perilous twenty-first-century interdependent, global economy. Covey and Link teach how to cut through traditional either/or thinking to extend “Smart Trust,” enabling you to exercise sound judgment in a low-trust world by minimizing risk and maximizing possibilities.     Smart Trust has met the strict scrutiny of business leaders around the globe and is validated by research from multiple sources that confirms that high-trust organizations outperform low-trust organizations by nearly three times. Smart Trust shares findings that verify how enduring success, vitality, and happiness are directly related to the level of trust in our relationships—whether in our professional or personal lives.      Find out why trusted people are more likely to get hired or promoted, get the best projects and bigger budgets, and are last to be laid off. This sea-changing book will forever shift your perspective as it reveals and validates, once and for all, the transformational power of trust. Reading Smart Trust will increase your probability of thriving in this increasingly unpredictable marketplace. The more unpredictable it becomes, the more your (and your organization’s) sound judgment and ability to trust in this low-trust world will give you a tremendous competitive advantage—and the capacity to navigate the uncertainty low trust creates.
...more



Hardcover, 320 pages

            Published
        January 10th 2012
         by Simon & Schuster Adult Publishing Group

            
              (first published December 27th 2011)
            


More Details...


ISBN

                  1451651457
                      (ISBN13: 9781451651454)





Other Editions (17)



































All Editions

 | 

Add a New Edition

 | 

Combine



...Less Detail
edit details




Get a copy:Kindle eBook AmazonOnline Stores ▾AudibleBarnes & NobleKoboApple iBooksGoogle PlayAbebooksBook DepositoryIndigoHalf.comAlibrisBetter World BooksIndieBoundLibraries
Or buy for 









Friend Reviews
To see what your friends thought of this book,
please sign up.


Reader Q&A
To ask other readers questions about
Smart Trust,
please sign up.



Be the first to ask a question about Smart Trust


Lists with This Book 





Group Reading List for 2012

    7 books
    —
    1 voter









More lists with this book...
Community Reviews


(showing 1-30)



filter
 | 
sort: default
(?)
 | 
Rating Details 









Mar 22, 2012
Daniel Taylor

        rated it
        it was amazing
Recommends it for: 
Businesspeople, marketers, salespeople

            Shelves:
              self-help, 
              foundational-self-help-books, 
              reference, 
              business, 
              sales, 
              leadership, 
              marketing




This follow-up to Stephen Covey's "The Speed of Trust" drills down into his idea of "Smart Trust", his alternative to distrust or blind faith.He gives example after example of how Smart Trust increases prosperity, energy and joy in your personal life and in your business. He points out that you don't need to get others to change, become trustworthy yourself and you will be a change agent. The book outlines five principles for building Smart Trust.Whether you're in business or not, read and apply
This follow-up to Stephen Covey's "The Speed of Trust" drills down into his idea of "Smart Trust", his alternative to distrust or blind faith.He gives example after example of how Smart Trust increases prosperity, energy and joy in your personal life and in your business. He points out that you don't need to get others to change, become trustworthy yourself and you will be a change agent. The book outlines five principles for building Smart Trust.Whether you're in business or not, read and apply the lessons in this book to build trust in your life.
...more






flag
1 like · Like
 · see review



















Feb 29, 2012
Rusty Fischer

        rated it
        it was amazing



I won this in a Goodreads Giveaway and was really happy to. I try to read as many business books as I can, although this book would really apply to a lot of areas of our lives. The writing, as expected from these two authors, was great but the ideas were even greater. Trust is such a tenuous thing, and it's hard to invest in things we can't see, but this book makes a great case for it! Highly recommended...






flag
1 like · Like
 · see review



















Feb 20, 2012
Wennifred

          marked it as to-read




        


    


I just won a copy from Goodreads. Looking forward to reading it. Thank you.






flag
1 like · Like
 · see review



View 1 comment


















Feb 17, 2012
M G

        rated it
        really liked it



 I received the book for free through Goodreads First Reads. My initial interest in it was not for myself....when I saw the book in the giveaway, I thought of my father-in-law and husband, who both enjoy Stephen Covey's books. When the book showed up in my mailbox, I decided to start the book the next day. Although I am in education, not business, I realized that many of the principles this book discusses can be applied in the business world, in the education world, and in life at home.  The pre
 I received the book for free through Goodreads First Reads. My initial interest in it was not for myself....when I saw the book in the giveaway, I thought of my father-in-law and husband, who both enjoy Stephen Covey's books. When the book showed up in my mailbox, I decided to start the book the next day. Although I am in education, not business, I realized that many of the principles this book discusses can be applied in the business world, in the education world, and in life at home.  The premise of this book is declared right away (incorporating the authors’ own suggestion to declare intent): “They [people and companies] can sense that their lives would be a lot better, their jobs a lot more fulfilling, and their personal relationships a lot more joyful if they could only operate in an environment of high trust” (page 3). The book is divided into three parts to address this issue. The first section sets up the problem with statistics and examples of low trust. The question is posed regarding if a lack of trust hurts companies and countries economically. This section also introduces Smart Trust: “a competency and a process that enables us to operate with high trust in a low trust world. It minimizes risk and maximizes possibilities. It optimizes two key factors: (1) a propensity to trust and (2) analysis” (page 57). The next section discusses how individuals and companies can enact Smart Trust, giving multiple examples of companies and individuals who did just that. The final section challenges readers to establish Smart Trust as well as summarizes the previous two parts. Throughout the book, the text is broken up by graphs, images, and key quotes. The graphs, images, and a few quotes are helpful. However, I found that most of the quotes only served to disrupt the flow of my reading, and I eventually started skipping those quotes all together. Since I am sure the authors purposely chose those quotes, I would suggest that perhaps the quotes at the end of the section would be more beneficial. On the other hand, I liked the anecdotes from the authors’ personal experiences that were placed throughout the book, even if they interrupted the text. This book would probably be a great book for a small group within a company to read, meet, discuss, and implement actions suggested in the book. Each chapter ends with insightful questions that could lead to business-altering (and life-altering) reflection and answers.  Overall, this book managed to capture and keep my attention. I was left with the desire to personal reflect on the ideas presented within the book. What can I do to build a culture of Smart Trust? 
...more






flag
Like
 · see review



















Dec 22, 2012
Casey Wheeler

        rated it
        liked it
 · 
review of another edition

            Shelves:
              business




I read this book as the monthly selection of the Credit Union Leaders Book Club group on LinkedIn.This is an expansion of the last chapter in the author’s prior book “The Speed of Trust.” It contains numerous examples in each chapter along with many great quotes and extensive notes at the end of the book.The first chapter deals with The Paradox. The authors raise some interesting issues in regards to a crisis of trust in the world and its overall impact using different examples and quotes. It al
I read this book as the monthly selection of the Credit Union Leaders Book Club group on LinkedIn.This is an expansion of the last chapter in the author’s prior book “The Speed of Trust.” It contains numerous examples in each chapter along with many great quotes and extensive notes at the end of the book.The first chapter deals with The Paradox. The authors raise some interesting issues in regards to a crisis of trust in the world and its overall impact using different examples and quotes. It also presents hope for building trust.Chapter two deals with Blind Trust or Distrust and addresses the dangers of blind trust (being too trustful) and distrustful (not being trustful enough). The authors discuss how society causes blind trust or distrust to develop within individuals and the net impact it can have going forward. The chapter contains a table that you can use to determine how you see others and the cost of your view.Chapter 3 begins the discussion of Smart Trust, the alternative to blind trust and distrust. Smart Trust is judgment and boils down to how to trust in a low trust world. The two key factors for Smart Trust are a propensity to trust and analysis. The propensity to trust is about leading out with trust. Analysis is about not getting burned in a low trust world. The analysis involves 3 components: Opportunity, Risk and Credibility. The authors use these components to launch into a discussion of the Smart Trust Matrix citing a number of examples. The chapter ends with examples of the reciprocity of trust.The next several chapters deal with the five Smart Trust Actions:•	Choose to Believe in Trust: The authors delve into the three beliefs of trust:1.	A belief in being worthy of trust.2.	A belief that most people can be trusted.3.	A belief that extending trust is a better way to lead.•	Start with Self: Based on the principles of responsibility and creditability.•	Declare Your Intent and Assume Positive Intent in Others: Stating what we want to do and why we want to do it. •	Do What You Say You Are Going To Do•	Lead Out in Extending Trust to Others: It produces results, it increases trust and it elicits reciprocity. The authors end with a chapter on how one person can make a change.My recommendation is that while this book can stand on its own, the reader will get more out of it by reading the author’s prior book “The Speed of Trust” first.
...more






flag
Like
 · see review



















Oct 03, 2013
Soundview Executive Book Summaries

        rated it
        it was amazing

            Shelves:
              2012-best-business-books




Smart Trust: Creating Prosperity, Energy, and Joy in a Low-Trust World by Stephen M.R. Covey, Greg Link & Rebecca R. Merrill was chosen by Soundview Executive Book Summaries as one of the Top 30 Business Books of 2012.THE SOUNDVIEW REVIEW:There are times when the launch of a book coincides with current events in a way that makes it a touchstone for navigating a new era in business. The first decade of the new millennium saw the emergence of transparency as both a frequently used buzzword and
Smart Trust: Creating Prosperity, Energy, and Joy in a Low-Trust World by Stephen M.R. Covey, Greg Link & Rebecca R. Merrill was chosen by Soundview Executive Book Summaries as one of the Top 30 Business Books of 2012.THE SOUNDVIEW REVIEW:There are times when the launch of a book coincides with current events in a way that makes it a touchstone for navigating a new era in business. The first decade of the new millennium saw the emergence of transparency as both a frequently used buzzword and, more importantly, a guiding principle for organizations enduring increased scrutiny from customers. Stephen M.R. Covey’s 2006 release The Speed of Trust became the go-to resource for executives that wanted a clear, executable strategy to increase trust and remove time-wasting roadblocks. Now available is Covey’s follow-up volume Smart Trust: Creating Prosperity, Energy and Joy in a Low-Trust World, co-authored by Greg Link with Rebecca R. Merrill.Smart Trust is the result of the most frequently asked question Covey received while teaching others the principles from The Speed of Trust: how can someone balance the two extremes of blind trust and total distrust? Anyone who has ever heard Covey speak knows his abilities as a storyteller. There is no loss of fidelity when the stories are translated to the page. Covey profiles notable companies who are successfully applying the principles of smart trust.Those principles are defined by five actions. Readers may find each of the five actions somewhat simplistic. However, the difference comes in applying them on both a team and organizational level. Consider the third smart trust action: Declare Your Intent and Assume Positive Intent in Others. Executives may readily vouch for their own ability to keep an open mind when dealing with clients or co-workers, but what if you have a team that’s experienced trust issues in the past? Suddenly, the advice Covey dispenses goes from intuitive to essential. This is true of the book as a whole, and a quick scan of the headlines proves that Smart Trust will join The Speed of Trust as a must-read for this era and beyond.Soundview's 8-page Executive Book Summary of Smart Trust is available here.
...more






flag
Like
 · see review



















Dec 22, 2012
Cathy Allen

        rated it
        liked it
 · 
review of another edition

            Shelves:
              whatiscathyreading-com, 
              personal-development, 
              business-success, 
              organizational-life, 
              leadership




It is probably not fair to compare this book to the one that preceded it, but I just cannot give this one four stars when The Speed of Trust was such a life-changing revelation. I wanted the same lift, the same sense of epiphany, and am therefore disappointed. I was glad for an opportunity to spend more time thinking about the all-important subject of building and maintaining trusting relationships, and in fairness there was some solid new stuff in here. I have even used some of the new material
It is probably not fair to compare this book to the one that preceded it, but I just cannot give this one four stars when The Speed of Trust was such a life-changing revelation. I wanted the same lift, the same sense of epiphany, and am therefore disappointed. I was glad for an opportunity to spend more time thinking about the all-important subject of building and maintaining trusting relationships, and in fairness there was some solid new stuff in here. I have even used some of the new material to help a client group I have been working with. But what might have been an excellent journal article was stretched out to 258 pages and that makes for some dull reading.I can appreciate the challenge Rebecca Merrill (the actual writer) had, crafting a book out of very little material. In fact, I think the book gains from her regular repetition of the phrase "prosperity, energy, and joy" because it is an ever-present reminder of why we should work so hard to earn and extend trust. She does well with that. It's all the examples and stories that don't really contribute much that I struggled to slog through. I don't say this very often, but in this case I will: I recommend reading The Speed of Trust itself but the two-page summary of Smart Trust I will soon post to www.whatiscathyreading.com is all you'll need to get the full value of this one.One important take away for me comes in the form of another Covey matrix with four quadrants. It is helpful to understand how lower or higher levels of a propensity to trust combine with more or less analysis of a specific person or situation to produce no trust, blind trust, distrust, or Smart Trust. We learned in The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People (by Stephen M. R. Covey's father) that a whole lot of the sweet life is found in Quadrant 2 and so it is with Smart Trust as well. I want to think about every situation and I want to extend trust where and when I can. If I am successful with that then prosperity, energy, and joy are sure to follow.
...more






flag
Like
 · see review



















Feb 02, 2012
Jacob

        rated it
        really liked it



I finished my reading of “Smart Trust.” When I first read “Speed of Trust” in 2006 I was profoundly impacted by the structure that was added to a relatively elusive topic. I keep a small paper with the thirteen behaviors of a High Trust Leader on my desk and refer to it often. “Smart Trust” seems like the natural follow up to all the HOW questions that were generated by “Speed of Trust.”The five Smart Trust actions that this book teaches make a clear outline of how to generate trust in a team, f
I finished my reading of “Smart Trust.” When I first read “Speed of Trust” in 2006 I was profoundly impacted by the structure that was added to a relatively elusive topic. I keep a small paper with the thirteen behaviors of a High Trust Leader on my desk and refer to it often. “Smart Trust” seems like the natural follow up to all the HOW questions that were generated by “Speed of Trust.”The five Smart Trust actions that this book teaches make a clear outline of how to generate trust in a team, family, or other organization. Simple, but not to a fault, these five actions make it easy to understand. They are, Choose to Believe in Trust, Start with Self, Declare Your Intent, Do What You Say, and Lead Out in Extending Trust. While they sound straight forward on the surface, the book explores valuable examples and insights that help create a framework of putting it all together in a clear action plan.The order of the five actions is not an accident. I suspect that I will need to go back to the book often to continue my journey in implementing trust in the various arenas of life as I move through the action steps.The biggest take away from this book is a continuation of the first. Simply put, trust changes everything. It plays the biggest part in the bottom line and success of any relationship or organization. Creating a vocabulary around the principle allows us to discuss it among ourselves in terms that we all understand. These authors have done that and I believe that this is part of the revolution of restoring trust in our families, relationships, work places, communities, and countries.
...more






flag
Like
 · see review



















Nov 09, 2015
Sam Francis

        rated it
        it was amazing



AFTER MY OWN FAILURES (shuttering my national magazine at age 26) and my many personal ones: breakups, bankruptcy, divorce — and back again — I relate first-hand to the high costs (emotional and financial) of a breakdown of trust. But we forget that for people in the trenches facing massive failure, they face perhaps an even more debilitating blow. With the realization of our worst fears about the future and our place in it, then depression swept in and left me feeling defeated, tiny...  impoten
AFTER MY OWN FAILURES (shuttering my national magazine at age 26) and my many personal ones: breakups, bankruptcy, divorce — and back again — I relate first-hand to the high costs (emotional and financial) of a breakdown of trust. But we forget that for people in the trenches facing massive failure, they face perhaps an even more debilitating blow. With the realization of our worst fears about the future and our place in it, then depression swept in and left me feeling defeated, tiny...  impotent! How does one recover from such devastating blows? When trust has been broken, can you really ever learn to trust again? Author and motivational entrepreneur, the late Stephen Covey, thought so. (Covey, you might remember, authored "The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People.” I find it pretty fascinating that he chose in his final work, to focus entirely on TRUST. He considered this his legacy work Even worse than feeling burned, he argues, is going through life and/or business with low (or no) trust. While released a few years ago, the book stands the initial test of time, because the truths unearthed are perennial. I found the information on self trust the most important of the entire book. "Self trust" he writes, "is like the tide, it moves all of the boats." What a beautiful metaphor. The book is a must read for anyone who has been through the fire of broken agreements. Bottom Line: There is everything to be gained from learning to trust again, but trusting smart. 
...more






flag
Like
 · see review



















Feb 18, 2012
Lauren RM

        rated it
        liked it

            Shelves:
              first-reads




I got this book for free through Goodreads' first reads.I'm not sure what I expected, but this book wasn't really it. I felt a lot like someone was trying to sell me something, which I didn't really like, although the premise totally makes sense. Assume that people are inherently good but still make logical decisions about how and how much to trust them. Good advice.I'm pretty sure I got an advance copy because they had the same trust equation twice, when it was supposed to be opposite, and a lo
I got this book for free through Goodreads' first reads.I'm not sure what I expected, but this book wasn't really it. I felt a lot like someone was trying to sell me something, which I didn't really like, although the premise totally makes sense. Assume that people are inherently good but still make logical decisions about how and how much to trust them. Good advice.I'm pretty sure I got an advance copy because they had the same trust equation twice, when it was supposed to be opposite, and a lot of the arguments seemed a bit circular. I guess it's just the nature of the beast, though. I'm glad someone's reminding us to trust each other, and they gave a lot of examples I never would have come across otherwise.Thanks for picking me!
...more






flag
Like
 · see review



















Dec 01, 2014
Jim

        rated it
        liked it



"Smart Trust is the ability to extend trust wisely in a world that seems to be saying you can't trust anyone, and it leads to a virtuous upward cycle of prosperity, energy, and joy."We do this by choosing to believe in trust, starting with our own trustworthiness. We debate our intent and assume positive intent in others. We do what we've said we're going to do and we give trust to others.The content of this book is really good and very important. The book itself could have been a lot shorter as
"Smart Trust is the ability to extend trust wisely in a world that seems to be saying you can't trust anyone, and it leads to a virtuous upward cycle of prosperity, energy, and joy."We do this by choosing to believe in trust, starting with our own trustworthiness. We debate our intent and assume positive intent in others. We do what we've said we're going to do and we give trust to others.The content of this book is really good and very important. The book itself could have been a lot shorter as it felt repetitive. Lots of stories and quotes from people who are already practising and embodying the principles within.
...more






flag
Like
 · see review



















Jul 02, 2012
Holly Whiting

        rated it
        it was amazing



One of my favorite parts is the child's story on page 85 of the empty pot. Another part I really identified with was the "The bun lady" story on Cordia Harrington story on page 103. Maybe because it is about a single woman over coming tough circumstances by being doggedly persistent and not just succeeding but dominating her situation. I am about to reread it. Trust is the hidden variable in all relationships both personal and professional. If you can change the trust in a relationship, than you
One of my favorite parts is the child's story on page 85 of the empty pot. Another part I really identified with was the "The bun lady" story on Cordia Harrington story on page 103. Maybe because it is about a single woman over coming tough circumstances by being doggedly persistent and not just succeeding but dominating her situation. I am about to reread it. Trust is the hidden variable in all relationships both personal and professional. If you can change the trust in a relationship, than you can change the relationship and that's information I need.
...more






flag
Like
 · see review



















Apr 05, 2013
Shaun

        rated it
        it was amazing



I found this book very inspiring and full of insights of how to use trust as a way to improve business relationships. Strong trust relationship in business help to do business more efficiently. The author, Stephen MR Covey was my LDS Bishop during my final year at BYU. He is coming to Minneapolis on Apr 18, to share a keynote address regarding this book and I am going to attend. I'm excited and look forward to re-acquainting myself with Stephen MR Covey. This is a must-read and a nice follow up
I found this book very inspiring and full of insights of how to use trust as a way to improve business relationships. Strong trust relationship in business help to do business more efficiently. The author, Stephen MR Covey was my LDS Bishop during my final year at BYU. He is coming to Minneapolis on Apr 18, to share a keynote address regarding this book and I am going to attend. I'm excited and look forward to re-acquainting myself with Stephen MR Covey. This is a must-read and a nice follow up to his first book, The Speed of Trust, which is also a recommended read. 
...more






flag
Like
 · see review



















May 21, 2014
Terry

        rated it
        did not like it



Can I give less then 1 star???? What the hell was this??? Can I change the name of this book to how to learn to trust people, for stupid people? I love how the Covey family take a Sunday School lesson, polish it up, slap it in a hardback and make millions reminding everyone that trust is a good thing when you not getting screwed out the money you just paid to have someone with the initials of M.R. tell you about trust!7 habits well live forever!!! How about we honor Stephen M Covey, and leave it
Can I give less then 1 star???? What the hell was this??? Can I change the name of this book to how to learn to trust people, for stupid people? I love how the Covey family take a Sunday School lesson, polish it up, slap it in a hardback and make millions reminding everyone that trust is a good thing when you not getting screwed out the money you just paid to have someone with the initials of M.R. tell you about trust!7 habits well live forever!!! How about we honor Stephen M Covey, and leave it at that? 
...more






flag
Like
 · see review



















Mar 10, 2012
Mohamed abdulkadir

        rated it
        liked it



That trust which is a fucntion of two things: character and competence,.. i have alwasy known that in order a person to be trusted, he has to have a character, honesty and integrity, but i have the other paft which is comptency, which is if a person doe not have the necessary skill to perform a task, we can not entrust him with that taks, no matter how good he is, or the level of his charachter or his integrity...in order a person to be a trustworthy he has to have both...character and comperenc
That trust which is a fucntion of two things: character and competence,.. i have alwasy known that in order a person to be trusted, he has to have a character, honesty and integrity, but i have the other paft which is comptency, which is if a person doe not have the necessary skill to perform a task, we can not entrust him with that taks, no matter how good he is, or the level of his charachter or his integrity...in order a person to be a trustworthy he has to have both...character and comperence.
...more






flag
Like
 · see review



















Nov 20, 2013
David Roberg

        rated it
        it was ok

            Shelves:
              leadership




Covey's sequel to The Speed of Trust rehashes the concepts from the first book and pads a lot of pages with fluff. His core concepts are: Choose to believe in trust, Start with self, Declare your intent, Do what you say, and Lead out in extending trust. All of these were covered in Speed of Trust. The book has a good message and I'm not upset that I read it (it's always good to revisit solid concepts to remind yourself to do them), but it could have been 150 pages shorter and gotten the same mes
Covey's sequel to The Speed of Trust rehashes the concepts from the first book and pads a lot of pages with fluff. His core concepts are: Choose to believe in trust, Start with self, Declare your intent, Do what you say, and Lead out in extending trust. All of these were covered in Speed of Trust. The book has a good message and I'm not upset that I read it (it's always good to revisit solid concepts to remind yourself to do them), but it could have been 150 pages shorter and gotten the same message across. 
...more






flag
Like
 · see review



















Aug 11, 2012
Don

        rated it
        liked it

            Shelves:
              business-growth, 
              customer-service-greatness-experien




A few good quotes and stories only. Amazed to find out many CEO's and business leaders lived by such enlightened principles. TRUST begins at the top of organizations, companies, families, and in relationships with individuals. At a time When TRUST and confidence in people, leaders, government, business, is at a very low point this book does an excellent job describing the problem, I was not that personally that impressed with the simple solutions that the authors presented.






flag
Like
 · see review



















May 10, 2012
Rob Peters

        rated it
        it was amazing
 · 
review of another edition

            Shelves:
              standard-of-trust-influencers




Smart Trust is very easy to read and is of great value to all leaders interested in leveraging smart trust to distinguish their businesses.Strategy and technology no longer provide sustainable advantage to a business. Smart Trust is the foundation for all employees in a business organization that enables risk-taking which leads to innovation which results in progress.






flag
Like
 · see review



View 1 comment


















Aug 15, 2012
Jen

        rated it
        it was amazing



This was required reading at work. Not a page turner, but worth the read. Changed my perspective on the value of trust in an organization, on a micro/personal level as well as a macro/organizational level. You get more done if you default to trust, it makes for a better work environment, and ultimately a better product/service. 






flag
Like
 · see review



















Aug 05, 2012
Kennon Wolff

        rated it
        it was amazing

            Shelves:
              2012




 Fantastic book! It's a must-read for anyone who considers themselves a leader, or at least wants to be. I'd recommend reading "The Speed of Trust" first though, which is also excellent. I've seen high trust cultures in action in the workplace, family and relationships and it's amazing how brilliant people can be...when they're trusted to be. 






flag
Like
 · see review



















Jan 14, 2013
Ken

        rated it
        really liked it



Good book, Stephen takes the Speed of Trust to a little more deeper in the Smart Trust book. It spends a lot of time reviewing why trust is important, since I read the Speed of Trust, this wasn't as valuable to me, but the five actions of smart trust was pretty good. Especially because it reinforced some of my current behaviors and gave me a good idea about changing some others.






flag
Like
 · see review



















Sep 02, 2015
Katharine Pauline

        rated it
        it was ok



On the spectrum of blind trust to no trust, use the risk involved as the fulcrum, balance with expertise and experience. Lead with trust of others and never do anything that will damage your reputation. It was a short, quick read that probably should have been a chapter rather than a book.






flag
Like
 · see review



















Jun 26, 2012
Kathy

        rated it
        it was ok

            Shelves:
              12books-in-2012




There was a lot of overlap and repeat in this book from "The Speed of Trust". The ideas are still good but I preferred the other. I didn't feel that there was anything relevant added - just more stories.






flag
Like
 · see review



















May 07, 2013
Simona

        rated it
        really liked it
 · 
review of another edition



Relevant for any environment - personal or professional. Good research, good actions suggested 






flag
Like
 · see review



















Feb 22, 2012
Michelle

        rated it
        it was amazing



Smart Trust is simply a whole new way of thinking about trust. The book details real ways to increase trust along with stories and examples. A truly refreshing business book!






flag
Like
 · see review



















Feb 20, 2012
Jerri Davis

        rated it
        it was amazing



The Book Smart Trust is A Wonderful Book. It is Large and Well Printed and Written. I won the book so It Arrived very fast and in Perfect Condition. Thank You, Jerri Davis






flag
Like
 · see review



















Mar 10, 2013
Alan

        rated it
        liked it
 · 
review of another edition



This book seemed interesting having just read Moral Markets.On completion, some interesting points and case studies, but wrapped in a lot of motivational stuff.






flag
Like
 · see review



















Mar 13, 2012
Sharon

        rated it
        really liked it

            Shelves:
              first-reads




Won a copy through Goodreads' First Reads program.The ideas are very current, this book is a powerful tool not just for business people but in your everyday life.






flag
Like
 · see review



















Feb 20, 2012
Lulu

          marked it as to-read




        


    


I won this book from the first reads giveaways and I am so excited to read it. Thanks.






flag
Like
 · see review



















Apr 03, 2016
Stern Alexander

        rated it
        really liked it



Trust is everything in business. And it's an art to build one






flag
Like
 · see review














« previous 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 next »


new topicDiscuss This Book

topics 
posts 
views 
last activity 
 




12 Books - Author...:

Smart Trust July 2012


		  2
		  
		
53
Jul 12, 2012 03:13PM

				 
		



More topics...






Recommend It
 | 
Stats
 | 
Recent Status Updates


Readers Also Enjoyed











































































































Genres


Business


19 users





Leadership


11 users





Self Help >
        Personal Development


5 users





Psychology


4 users





Nonfiction


4 users





Language >
        Communication


2 users





Business >
        Management


2 users





Reference


2 users



See top shelves…


About Stephen M.R. Covey


Stephen M. R. Covey is co-founder and CEO of CoveyLink Worldwide. A sought-after and compelling keynote speaker and advisor on trust, leadership, ethics, and high performance, he speaks to audiences around the world. He is the author of The SPEED of Trust, a groundbreaking and paradigm-shifting book that challenges our age-old assumption that trust is merely a soft, social virtue and instead demon
Stephen M. R. Covey is co-founder and CEO of CoveyLink Worldwide. A sought-after and compelling keynote speaker and advisor on trust, leadership, ethics, and high performance, he speaks to audiences around the world. He is the author of The SPEED of Trust, a groundbreaking and paradigm-shifting book that challenges our age-old assumption that trust is merely a soft, social virtue and instead demonstrates that trust is a hard-edged, economic driver—a learnable and measurable skill that makes organizations more profitable, people more promotable, and relationships more energizing. He advocates that nothing is as fast as the speed of trust and that the ability to establish, grow, extend, and restore trust with all stakeholders is the critical leadership competency of the new global economy. Covey passionately delivers that message and is dedicated to enabling individuals and organizations to reap the dividends of high trust. Audiences and organizations alike resonate with his informed, practical approach to real-time issues that affect their immediate and long-term performance.He is the former CEO of Covey Leadership Center, which, under his stewardship, became the largest leadership development company in the world. Covey personally led the strategy that propelled his father’s book, Dr. Stephen R. Covey’s The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People, to one of the two most influential business books of the 20th Century, according to CEO Magazine. A Harvard MBA, he joined Covey Leadership Center as a Client Developer and later became National Sales Manager and then President & CEO. Under Covey’s direction, the company grew rapidly and profitably, achieving Inc. 500 status. As President & CEO, he nearly doubled revenues to over $110 million while increasing profits by 12 times. During that period, both customer and employee trust reached new highs and the company expanded throughout the world into over 40 countries. This greatly increased the value of the brand and company. The company was valued at only $2.4 million when Covey was named CEO, and, within three years, he grew shareholder value to $160 million in a merger he orchestrated with then Franklin Quest to form FranklinCovey.Over the years, Covey has gained considerable respect and influence with executives and leaders of Fortune 500 companies as well as with mid- and small-sized private sector and public sector organizations he’s consulted. Clients recognize his unique perspective on real-world organizational issues based on his practical experience as a former CEO.Covey currently serves on the board/advisory board of several entities, including the Human Performance Institute—the leader in energy management technology—where he serves as Advisory Board Chairman.Covey resides with his wife and children in the shadows of the Rocky Mountains.
...more

More about Stephen M.R. Covey...

Books by Stephen M.R. Covey


















More…



Share This Book






Tweet












Share on your website



title link


preview:
Smart Trust: How People, Companies, and Countries Are Prospering from High Trust in a Low Trust World



avg rating


preview:
Smart Trust: How People, Companies, and Countries Are Prospering from High Trust in a Low Trust WorlGoodreads rating: 3.98 (252 ratings)



small image


preview:
click here

[close]





med image


preview:
click here

[close]





BBCode

[url=https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/11733575-smart-trust?utm_medium=api&utm_source=blog_book][img]https://images.gr-assets.com/books/1347558998l/11733575.jpg[/img][/url]
      [url=https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/11733575-smart-trust?utm_medium=api&utm_source=blog_book]Smart Trust: How People, Companies, and Countries Are Prospering from High Trust in a Low Trust World by Stephen M.R. Covey[/url]




+
Share on your website




Trivia About Smart Trust: How ...
No trivia or quizzes yet. Add some now »


















©
2017
Goodreads Inc




about us


advertise


author program


jobs


api


our blog


authors & advertisers blog


terms


privacy


help


switch to:
mobile version















Welcome back. Just a moment while we sign you in to your Goodreads account.




































Secondary Trusts | SmartTrust® | Unit Investment Trusts | UITs
















































Call Us: (888) 505-2872


Search for:










SmartTrust UIT - Secondary Offerings
 
UIT Categories:







All
Taxable Equity Income Portfolios
Taxable Income Portfolios
Equity Oriented Portfolios
Tax Free Income Portfolios
Terminated Portfolios















Portfolio
Symbol

Initial Offer Date


Termination Date

Net Asset Value
Price Date

Est. Net Annl1st Year Inc*

Docs





Taxable Equity & Income Portfolio


Dynamic Sector Income Trust (Series 17)
SMDSQX
02-28-2017
02-28-2019
$9.6872
07-27-2017
$0.5860



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky





Strategic Growth & Income Trust (Series 11)
SMGILX
02-14-2017
02-14-2019
$9.7852
07-27-2017
$0.6497



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky





Tax-Advantaged Growth & Income (Series 12)
SMTALX
12-20-2016
12-20-2018
$9.814
07-27-2017
$0.5187



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky





Enhanced Value II Trust (Series 16)
SMEDPX
12-14-2016
12-19-2018
$9.6992
07-27-2017
$0.5471



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky





Adelante REIT Growth & Income Trust (Series 10)
SMADJX
12-13-2016
12-13-2018
$10.4053
07-27-2017
$0.4705



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky





Dynamic Sector Income Trust (Series 16)
SMDSPX
10-25-2016
10-25-2018
$10.2607
07-27-2017
$0.5972



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky





Strategic Growth & Income Trust (Series 10)
SMGIKX
10-11-2016
10-11-2018
$10.6511
07-27-2017
$0.7265



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky





Tax-Advantage Growth & Income Trust (Series 11)
SMTAKX
08-23-2016
08-23-2018
$9.7498
07-27-2017
$0.4660



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky





Enhanced Value II Trust (Series 15)
SMEDOX
08-10-2016
08-15-2018
$10.0612
07-27-2017
$0.5358



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky





Adelante REIT Growth & Income Trust (Series 9)
SMADIX
07-12-2016
07-12-2018
$9.5934
07-27-2017
$0.4122



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky





Dynamic Sector Income Trust (Series 15)
SMDSOX
06-28-2016
06-28-2018
$10.029
07-27-2017
$0.6728



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky





Strategic Growth & Income Trust (Series 9)
SMGIJX
05-24-2016
05-24-2018
$10.926
07-27-2017
$0.8116



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky





Tax-Advantaged Growth & Income Trust (Series 10)
SMTAJX
04-20-2016
04-25-2018
$9.5661
07-27-2017
$0.4681



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky





Enhanced Value II Trust (Series 14)
SMEDNX
03-22-2016
03-22-2018
$10.4657
07-27-2017
$0.5170



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky





Zacks Diversified Equity & Corporate Bond Trust (Series 11)
SMZKKX
03-21-2016
03-21-2018
$9.8927
07-27-2017
$0.4903



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky





Dynamic Sector Income Trust (Series 14)
SMDSNX
02-25-2016
02-28-2018
$11.2659
07-27-2017
$0.5613



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky





Tax-Advantaged Growth & Income Trust (Series 9)
SMTAIX
12-29-2015
12-28-2017
$10.5793
07-27-2017
$0.4957



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky





Strategic Growth & Income Trust (Series 8)
SMGIIX
12-22-2015
12-21-2017
$11.6441
07-27-2017
$0.8260



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky





Adelante REIT Growth and Income Trust (Series 8)
SMADHX
12-08-2015
12-12-2017
$9.7908
07-27-2017
$0.4654



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky





Zacks Diversified Equity & Corporate Bond Trust (Series 10)
SMZKJX
11-24-2015
11-28-2017
$9.8356
07-27-2017
$0.5253



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky





Enhanced Value II Trust (Series 13)
SMEDMX
11-10-2015
11-14-2017
$10.2157
07-27-2017
$0.5457



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky





Dynamic Sector Income Trust (Series 13)
SMDSMX
09-30-2015
10-05-2017
$10.3753
07-27-2017
$0.6714



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky





Tax-Advantaged Growth & Income Trust (Series 8)
SMTAHX
08-25-2015
08-24-2017
$11.0009
07-27-2017
$0.5553



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky





Adelante REIT Growth and Income Trust (Series 7)
SMADGX
07-30-2015
08-01-2017
$9.9682
07-27-2017
$0.4187



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky



Taxable Income Portfolio


Preferreds Plus Trust (Series 3)
SMPPCX
03-22-2017
03-22-2019
$10.1891
07-27-2017
$0.5452



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky





CEFA Select BDC Trust (Series 9)
SMBDIX
03-07-2017
03-07-2019
$9.199
07-27-2017
$0.8869



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky





Portfolio of Closed-End Fund Opportunities Trust (Series 11)
SMCEKX
12-21-2016
12-20-2018
$10.5308
07-27-2017
$0.7981



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky





Preferreds Plus Trust (Series 2)
SMPPBX
12-02-2016
12-04-2018
$10.175
07-27-2017
$0.5845



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky





CEFA Select BDC Trust (Series 8)
SMBDHX
11-03-2016
11-06-2018
$10.282
07-27-2017
$1.0016



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky





Portfolio of Closed-End Fund Opportunities Trust (Series 10)
SMCEJX
08-30-2016
08-30-2018
$10.0502
07-27-2017
$0.7581



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky





Rising Interest Rates Hedge Trust (Series 7)
SMRRGX
08-18-2016
08-15-2018
$10.065
07-27-2017
$0.4948



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky





Preferreds Plus Trust (Series 1)
SMPPAX
07-18-2016
07-18-2018
$9.3082
07-27-2017
$0.5247



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky





CEFA Select BDC Trust (Series 7)
SMBDGX
07-13-2016
07-16-2018
$10.0791
07-27-2017
$1.0091



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky





CEFA Select BDC Trust (Series 6)
SMBDFX
03-10-2016
03-13-2018
$10.8133
07-27-2017
$1.0575



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky





Rising Interest Rates Hedge Trust (Series 6)
SMRRFX
02-23-2016
02-22-2018
$11.904
07-27-2017
$0.4980



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky





Portfolio of Closed-End Fund Opportunities Trust (Series 9)
SMCEIX
01-28-2016
01-31-2018
$11.2601
07-27-2017
$0.9307



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky





CEFA Select BDC Trust (Series 5)
SMBDEX
11-05-2015
11-07-2017
$9.803
07-27-2017
$1.0446



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky





Portfolio of Closed-End Fund Opportunities Trust (Series 8)
SMCEHX
08-27-2015
08-29-2017
$10.1434
07-27-2017
$0.9901



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky





Rising Interest Rates Hedge Trust (Series 5)
SMRREX
08-19-2015
08-22-2017
$9.7812
07-27-2017
$0.5292



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky



Equity Oriented Portfolio


Smart Ten Trust (Series 8)
SMSTHX
04-26-2017
07-25-2018
$9.9497
07-27-2017
$0.3356



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky





Miller/Howard North American Energy Opportunities Trust (Series 6)
SMMHFX
04-26-2017
07-20-2018
$9.0325
07-27-2017
$0.2258



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky





Defensive 50 Equities Trust (Series 11)
SMDFKX
04-18-2017
07-13-2018
$9.9928
07-27-2017
$0.2528



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky





Dorsey Wright® International Momentum Trust (Series 7)
SMDWGX
04-12-2017
07-12-2018
$10.4597
07-27-2017
$0.1065



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky





Argus Dividend Growers Total Return Trust (Series 12)
SMARLX
04-06-2017
07-03-2018
$10.1378
07-27-2017
$0.1980



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky





Morningstar Dividend Yield Select Trust (Series 1)
SMMDAX
03-28-2017
03-28-2019
$10.0422
07-27-2017
$0.3155



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky





High 20 Dividend Strategy Trust (Series 16)
SMHDPX
03-23-2017
03-26-2019
$10.1448
07-27-2017
$0.3719



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky





Sustainable Impact Investing Trust (Series 9)
SMSIIX
02-22-2017
05-23-2018
$10.0973
07-27-2017
$0.1918



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky





Smart Ten Trust (Series 7)
SMSTGX
01-26-2017
04-26-2018
$10.0937
07-27-2017
$0.3177



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky





Defensive 50 Equities Trust (Series 10)
SMDFJX
01-24-2017
04-18-2018
$10.2477
07-27-2017
$0.2579



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky





Zacks GARP Composite 35 Trust (Series 12)
SMGPLX
01-24-2017
04-25-2018
$9.9433
07-27-2017
$0.0883



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky





NASDAQ International Dividend Achievers Index Trust (Series 10)
SMNAJX
01-19-2017
01-23-2019
$10.1581
07-27-2017
$0.3281



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky





Miller/Howard North American Energy Opportunities Trust (Series 5)
SMMHEX
01-18-2017
04-26-2018
$8.3235
07-27-2017
$0.2030



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky





Dorsey Wright International Momentum Trust (Series 6)
SMDWFX
01-11-2017
04-12-2018
$10.9689
07-27-2017
$0.1646



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky





Morningstar Dividend Yield Focus Trust (Series 16)
SMMSPX
01-10-2017
01-10-2019
$9.8653
07-27-2017
$0.3161



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky





Argus Dividend Growers Total Return Trust (Series 11)
SMARKX
01-03-2017
04-06-2018
$10.2087
07-27-2017
$0.1971



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky





High 20 Dividend Strategy Trust (Series 15)
SMHDOX
11-22-2016
11-21-2018
$10.3166
07-27-2017
$0.4573



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky





Sustainable Impact Investing Trust (Series 8)
SMSIHX
11-22-2016
02-21-2018
$10.7426
07-27-2017
$0.1965



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky





Healthcare Innovations Trust (Series 2)
SMHCBX
11-02-2016
11-01-2018
$12.5718
07-27-2017
$0.00



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky





Zacks GARP Composite 35 Trust (Series 11)
SMGPKX
11-01-2016
01-25-2018
$11.3004
07-27-2017
$0.0986



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky





Smart Ten Trust (Series 6)
SMSTFX
10-26-2016
01-26-2018
$11.0656
07-27-2017
$0.3403



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky





Miller/Howard North American Energy Opportunities Trust (Series 4)
SMMHDX
10-18-2016
01-18-2018
$8.5078
07-27-2017
$0.2660



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky





Defensive 50 Equities Trust (Series 9)
SMDFIX
10-13-2016
01-24-2018
$10.4118
07-27-2017
$0.2686



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky





Dorsey Wright® International Momentum Trust (Series 5)
SMDWEX
10-13-2016
01-17-2018
$11.2507
07-27-2017
$0.1387



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky





Argus Dividend Growers Total Return Trust (Series 10)
SMARJX
10-05-2016
01-03-2018
$10.6455
07-27-2017
$0.2439



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky





Morningstar Dividend Yield Focus Trust (Series 15)
SMMSOX
10-04-2016
10-04-2018
$9.9146
07-27-2017
$0.3291



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky





NASDAQ International Dividend Achievers Index Trust (Series 9)
SMNAIX
09-27-2016
09-27-2018
$10.2246
07-27-2017
$0.3305



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky





Sustainable Impact Investing Trust (Series 7)
SMSIGX
08-24-2016
11-22-2017
$10.81
07-27-2017
$0.2111



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky





Zacks GARP Composite 35 Trust (Series 10)
SMGPJX
08-02-2016
11-01-2017
$12.0439
07-27-2017
$0.1411



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky





High 20 Dividend Strategy Trust (Series 14)
SMHDNX
07-29-2016
07-31-2018
$9.9883
07-27-2017
$0.4187



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky





Smart Ten Trust (Series 5)
SMSTEX
07-26-2016
10-26-2017
$10.5516
07-27-2017
$0.3253



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky





Miller/Howard North American Energy Opportunities Trust (Series 3)
SMMHCX
07-19-2016
10-19-2017
$8.9033
07-27-2017
$0.2104



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky





Defensive 50 Equities Trust (Series 8)
SMDFHX
07-13-2016
10-17-2017
$9.6623
07-27-2017
$0.2349



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky





Dorsey Wright International Momentum Trust (Series 4)
SMDWDX
07-12-2016
10-17-2017
$10.8265
07-27-2017
$0.1406



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky





Morningstar Dividend Yield Focus Trust (Series 14)
SMMSNX
07-06-2016
07-06-2018
$9.6572
07-27-2017
$0.3131



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky





Argus Dividend Growers Total Return Trust (Series 9)
SMARIX
07-05-2016
10-05-2017
$10.647
07-27-2017
$0.2215



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky





Sustainable Impact Investing Trust (Series 6)
SMSIFX
05-19-2016
08-24-2017
$11.3464
07-27-2017
$0.2248



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky





NASDAQ International Dividend Achievers Index Trust (Series 8)
SMNAHX
05-17-2016
05-15-2018
$10.7031
07-27-2017
$0.3317



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky





Healthcare Innovations Trust (Series 1)
SMHCAX
05-03-2016
05-03-2018
$11.8101
07-27-2017
$0.00



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky





Zacks GARP Composite 35 Trust (Series 9)
SMGPIX
04-21-2016
08-02-2017
$10.982
07-27-2017
$0.1361



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky





Morningstar Dividend Yield Focus Trust (Series 13)
SMMSMX
04-05-2016
04-05-2018
$10.392
07-27-2017
$0.3212



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky





High 20 Dividend Strategy Trust (Series 13)
SMHDMX
03-15-2016
03-15-2018
$9.8109
07-27-2017
$0.3905



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky





NASDAQ International Dividend Achievers Index Trust (Series 7)
SMNAGX
01-19-2016
01-18-2018
$13.3353
07-27-2017
$0.5798



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky





Morningstar Dividend Yield Focus Trust (Series 12)
SMMSLX
12-30-2015
01-02-2018
$11.0255
07-27-2017
$0.3391



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky





High 20 Dividend Strategy Trust (Series 12)
SMHDLX
11-24-2015
11-29-2017
$11.2939
07-27-2017
$0.3890



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky





Morningstar Dividend Yield Focus Trust (Series 11)
SMMSKX
09-29-2015
10-03-2017
$11.6427
07-27-2017
$0.3899



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky





NASDAQ International Dividend Achievers Index Trust (Series 6)
SMNAFX
09-24-2015
09-27-2017
$10.3587
07-27-2017
$0.3704



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky





Index & Treasuries Trust (2005 Series A)
SMTITX
01-25-2005
08-15-2020
NA
07-27-2017
$



CUSIPS Prospectus



Tax Free Income Portfolio


Tax Free Income Trust (Series 25)
SMTFWX
03-29-2017
03-29-2019
$10.1051
07-27-2017
$0.5649



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky





Tax Free Income Trust (Series 24)
SMTFVX
10-26-2016
10-31-2018
$9.501
07-27-2017
$0.5271



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky





California Municipal Portfolio of Closed-End Funds Trust (Series 5)
SMCAEX
10-06-2016
10-04-2018
$8.7368
07-27-2017
$0.4662



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky





New York Municipal Portfolio of Closed-End Funds Trust (Series 13)
SMNYNX
09-22-2016
09-25-2018
$8.8552
07-27-2017
$0.4513



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky





New Jersey Municipal Portfolio of Closed-end Funds Trust (Series 9)
SMNJIX
09-07-2016
09-20-2018
$8.583
07-27-2017
$0.4573



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky





Tax Free Income Trust (Series 23)
SMTFUX
06-28-2016
06-28-2018
$8.6768
07-27-2017
$0.5331



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky





New York Municipal Portfolio of Closed-End Funds Trust (Series 12)
SMNYMX
04-19-2016
04-25-2018
$8.7524
07-27-2017
$0.4916



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky





California Municipal Portfolio of Closed-End Funds Trust (Series 4)
SMCADX
04-07-2016
04-10-2018
$8.7044
07-27-2017
$0.4980



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky





Tax Free Income Trust (Series 22)
SMTFTX
03-30-2016
03-28-2018
$9.15
07-27-2017
$0.5666



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky





New Jersey Municipal Portfolio of Closed-end Funds Trust (Series 8)
SMNJHX
03-08-2016
03-08-2018
$9.2968
07-27-2017
$0.5429



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky





New York Municipal Portfolio of Closed-End Funds Trust (Series 11)
SMNYLX
12-17-2015
12-19-2017
$9.6247
07-27-2017
$0.5515



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky





Tax Free Income Trust (Series 21)
SMTFSX
12-03-2015
12-05-2017
$9.5813
07-27-2017
$0.6066



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky





California Municipal Portfolio of Closed-End Funds Trust (Series 3)
SMCACX
10-06-2015
10-05-2017
$9.4542
07-27-2017
$0.5574



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky





New York Municipal Portfolio of Closed-End Funds Trust (Series 10)
SMNYKX
09-22-2015
09-26-2017
$9.7801
07-27-2017
$0.5653



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky





New Jersey Municipal Portfolio of Closed-end Funds Trust (Series 7)
SMNJGX
09-10-2015
09-12-2017
$10.1898
07-27-2017
$0.5809



Fact Card CUSIPS Prospectus Blue Sky









*Estimated Net Annual First Year Distribution per unit is computed by dividing the estimated annual income of the underlying securities less the expense per unit by the number of units outstanding. The estimated net annual distributions for subsequent years are expected to be less than estimated distributions for the first year because a portion of the securities included in the trust portfolio will be sold during the  first year to pay for organization costs, the creation and development fee and the deferred sales charge. The actual net annual distributions will vary with changes in the trust’s fees and expenses and income of the underlying securities.













Trust.com - Silverline Keyboard & Wireless Mouse 270KD





































Home


›

Trust

›

Keyboards

›

13072 - Silverline Keyboard & Wireless Mouse 270KD






#13072
Silverline Keyboard & Wireless Mouse 270KD

















                        The product image is for demonstration purposes only. 
Various versions are available which may differ from this representation.
                    
























This product is no longer available in the current Trust assortment.







                                View all versions
                            







Key features



Desktop solution with wired keyboard and wireless mouse for a clean desk and optimal freedom
Full 360 degree radio technology operation. Transmits through almost any object.
Includes 19 extra programmable direct access keys for both multimedia and Internet functions
Direct access keys can be customized for your own personal requirements
Ergonomically designed 3 button wireless programmable dual scroll mouse
Including keyboard palmrest for comfortable typing
Mouse receiver integrated in keyboard







Extra information



General

Item number:
                            13072
                        

EAN code:
                            8713439130720
                        

Warranty:
1 year
                        

Product weight (net):1600 g
                            





Package contents
Mouse
keyboard
Palm rest
2 x AAA batteries (mouse)
Multilanguage user's manual
CD-ROM with drivers, software and manual





Minimum requirements
Pentium CPU
PS/2 ports for mouse and keyboard
16 MB of system memory
4 MB free HDD space
CD-ROM drive
Windows 98, ME, 2000, XP




Other versions




Name

Item number

EAN code


Silverline Keyboard & Wireless Mouse 270KD FR

13073

8713439130737


Silverline Keyboard & Wireless Mouse 270KD IT

13074

8713439130744


Silverline Keyboard & Wireless Mouse 270KD DE

13075

8713439130751


Silverline Keyboard & Wireless Mouse 270KD UK

13076

8713439130768


Silverline Keyboard & Wireless Mouse 270KD ES

13077

8713439130775


Silverline Keyboard & Wireless Mouse 270KD DK

13402

8713439134025


Silverline Keyboard & Wireless Mouse 270KD NO

13411

8713439134117


Silverline Keyboard & Wireless Mouse 270KD PT

13441

8713439134414


Silverline Keyboard & Wireless Mouse 270KD GR

13448

8713439134483


Silverline Keyboard & Wireless Mouse 270KD BE

13569

8713439135695


Silverline Keyboard & Wireless Mouse 270KD HU

13637

8713439136371


Silverline Keyboard & Wireless Mouse 270KD SK

13668

8713439136685


Silverline Keyboard & Wireless Mouse 270KD SE

13712

8713439137125


Silverline Keyboard & Wireless Mouse 270KD SI

13757

8713439137576


Silverline Keyboard & Wireless Mouse 270KD TR

13888

8713439138887


Silverline Keyboard & Wireless Mouse 270KD LT

14244

8713439142440





View all versions

















View compatibility























Support










Download











Manuals

Select type


User manual                

CE documents                









Product information

Select your language


                Česká
            

                Dansk
            

                Deutsch
            

                Eesti
            

                English
            

                Español
            

                Français
            

                Hrvatska
            

                Italiano
            

                Magyar
            

                Multilingual
            

                Nederlands
            

                Norsk
            

                Polski
            

                Português
            

                Português (Brasil)
            

                Română
            

                Slovenščina
            

                Slovenský
            

                Srpski
            

                Suomi
            

                Svenska
            

                Türkçe
            

                Ελληνικά
            

                Български
            

                Русский
            

                Українська
            

                العربية
            

                中文 (简体)
            


        Download PDF
    








Software

Select your operating system (OS)

Windows XP
Windows ME
Windows 2000
Windows 98















Frequently Asked Questions






             Installation and configuration



Where can I get software/drivers for my Trust product?


















Software/drivers are available on the CD included with your product. 
Alternatively,  go to the download drivers section.




I get an error during installation.


















To solve errors like:


"Unrecognized USB device"

"Device driver software was not successfully installed"

"Can not find driver"

Please follow the installation trouble shooting guide.







         Usage



Can I change the functions of the multimedia keys?


















No, these are fixed functions.




How do I configure my mouse buttons for left/right handed usage?


















Follow the steps in the mouse settings page







         Solving problems



I get the wrong letters and/or symbols when typing on my computer.


















Set the correct language as explained in the keyboard settings page




The multimedia keys are not working.


















Not all programs are supporting multimedia keys.

For best compatibility, use Windows Mediaplayer and Internet Explorer. 
Ensure that the Multimedia program you wish to control is selected as Default in the system properties.
If still not working, uninstall any other programs/drivers related to keyboards.





The mouse arrow shakes, moves strangely or does not move at all.




















Try using the mouse on a different surface or use a mousepad. (like the Trust Bigfoot Gel mousepad)

Clean the sensor on the bottom of the mouse with a dry cloth.





Sometimes letters are missing when typing.




















Clean your keyboard from dust and crumbles.  





Where is your service center? Or where can I send my product to be repaired?


















Unfortunately, we do not have service centers to repair products.
A defective product should be replaced by your point of purchase during the warranty period.




The file on the website won't download (completely)


















Possibe causes blocking the download:


Firewall is blocking the download.
 Adjust your firewall software to allow downloads.

An antivirus/internet security software suite is blocking the download.
If you have internet security software make sure it is configured to allow downloads.

Your browser is blocking the download.
It can help to clear the cache to be able to download again.
It can also help to reset browser settings when clearing the cache doesn't work.
Alternatively use a different browser to download the file.

Network/ISP issues.
It can be related to a problem with the connection to your Internet service.







When I download the file on the website, I receive a message about a corrupt or invalid signature.



















This is a false alarm by Microsoft browsers.

The digital signatures of the file are neither corrupt nor invalid. Windows requires drivers to be digitally signed by the author; otherwise, Windows will not load the driver out of precaution.

It is possible that several drivers of Trust do not have this Windows signature, as there are extra costs for this signature. However, we can confirm that even without this signature the driver is safe to install.

If you can't ignore the warning, please use any non-Microsoft browser such as Google Chrome for downloading and installing the driver.




My product is faulty. What do I do?


















We offer a 'return to retailer' warranty on our products.
In case of a defect, you can return the product to your retailer with failure description, proof of purchase and all accessories.
During the warranty period you will receive a replacement product from the retailer if available.

For full warranty conditions you can consult:
http://www.trust.com/support/warranty














Warranty








Warranty conditions


Trust offers a warranty to the original purchaser from an authorized retailer.
Your Trust product is guaranteed under the terms and conditions of this warranty against manufacturing defects for a period of one (1) year* from the date of original purchase, if purchased from an official retailer.
	
*In Europe, there is a statutory minimum warranty period of 2 years on every product we sell.


In case of defect, return the product to your retailer with failure description, valid proof of purchase and all accessories.
During the warranty period you will receive a replacement product from the retailer if available.
Warranty will be void in cases of opened products, physical damage, misuse, modification, repair by unauthorised persons, carelessness and using the product for other purpose than its intended use.
Exclusions of warranty:
	
Damage caused by accidents or disasters, such as fire, flood, earthquake, war, vandalism or theft.
Incompatibility with other hardware/software not defined as minimum system requirements.
Accessories such as batteries and fuses.


In no event shall the manufacturer be liable for any consequential or incidental damages, including any loss of business profits or any other commercial damages, arising out of the use of its product.

 












Ask a question to the helpdesk






Please check our FAQs first, chances are you'll find the answer there.
Couldn't find the answer in the FAQs? Fill out the form below with as much information as possible and one of our help-desk staff will respond at the earliest opportunity. Our messages are answered in the order they are received.
After submitting the form a confirmation message will be displayed with your reference number. The confirmation will be send to your email address at the same time as well. If you have not received the confirmation message, please check your spam or junk mail folder and double-check the filled in contact details. 
Reason for contact


Reason for contact
Product defect
Driver needed
Manual needed
Extra parts needed
Parts missing
Product is not compatible
Problem with installation
Question about the manual
How does this product work?
Where can I buy this product?
Other
 *


Message

 *

Your profile

 *


 *



Select your country
ኤርትራ
ኢትዮጵያ
កម្ពុជា
ދިވެހި ރާއްޖެ
Argentina
Australia
Belgique
Belize
Bolivia
Botswana
Brasil
Brunei Darussalam
Cameroun
Canada
Česká republika
Chile
Colombia
Congo [RDC]
Costa Rica
Côte d’Ivoire
Danmark
Deutschland
Ecuador
Eesti
El Salvador
España
Føroyar
France
Guatemala
Haïti
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hrvatska
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Ísland
Italia
Jamaica
Kalaallit Nunaat
Kenya
Latvija
Liechtenstein
Lietuva
Luxembourg
Magyarország
Malaysia
Mali
Malta
México
Nederland
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Nigeria
Norge
Österreich
Panamá
Paraguay
Perú
Philippines
Polska
Portugal
Principauté de Monaco
Puerto Rico
Republica Bolivariana de Venezuela
República Dominicana
Republica Moldova
Réunion
România
Rwanda
Sénégal
Shqipëria
Singapore
Slovenija
Slovenská republika
Soomaaliya
South Africa
Suisse
Suomi
Sverige
Trinidad and Tobago
Türkiye
Türkmenistan
United Kingdom
United States
Uruguay
Việt Nam
Zimbabwe
Ελλάδα
Азәрбајҹан
Беларусь
Босна и Херцеговина
България
Қазақстан
Кыргызстан
Македонија
Монгол улс
Россия
Србија
Србија и Црна Гора (Бивша)
Тоҷикистон
Україна
Ўзбекистон Республикаси
Црна Гора
Հայաստան
ישראל
افغانستان
الأردن
الإمارات العربية المتحدة
البحرين
الجزائر
العراق
الكويت
المملكة العربية السعودية
المملكة المغربية
اليمن
ایران
پاکستان
تونس
سوريا
عمان
قطر
لبنان
ليبيا
مصر
नेपाल
বাংলাদেশ
ශ්‍රී ලංකා
ไทย
ສປປ ລາວ
မြန်မာ
საქართველო
대한민국
中华人民共和国
台灣
日本
澳門特別行政區
 *




Preferred language
Deutsch
English
Español
Français
Italiano
Nederlands
Português
Türkçe
Русский
 *


Product details

 *





 *



My Device
Desktop PC
Laptop
Tablet
Smartphone
Television
Gaming





OS version
Windows 10 (64 -bit)
Windows 10
Windows 8.1 (64-bit)
Windows 8.1
Windows 8 (64-bit)
Windows 8
Windows 7 (64-bit)
Windows 7
Windows Vista (64-bit)
Windows Vista
Windows 2003 (64-bit)
Windows 2003
Windows XP (64-bit)
Windows XP
Windows XP (32 bit)
Windows ME
Windows 2000
Windows 98 SE
Windows 98
Windows 95
Windows NT 4.0
Mac OS X 10.10 (Yosemite)
Mac OS X 10.9 (Mavericks)
Mac OS X 10.8 (Mountain Lion)
Mac OS X 10.6 (Snow Leopard)
Mac OS X 10.7 (Lion)
Mac OS X 10.6
Mac OS X 10.5 Leopard (Intel)
Mac OS X 10.4 (Tiger)
Mac OS X 10.3
Mac OS X 10.2
Mac OS X 10.1
Mac OS X
Mac OS 9
Mac OS 8
Apple Macintosh
Linux
Chrome OS
Netware
MS-DOS
OS/2
Unix
IOS-8
iOS 7
iOS 6
iOS 5
Android 5.0 (Lollipop)
Android 4.0
Android 3.1
Sony Playstation 4
Sony Playstation 3
Sony Playstation 2
Xbox One
Xbox 360
Other
None





My browser
Chrome
FireFox
Internet Explorer
Safari
Opera
Android Browser
Other
Microsoft Edge





                            Send
                            


























Register product


Login to register your Trust product(s)

                        Register product
                    





*Prices stated by Trust are non-binding average recommended retail prices including VAT and are subject to change without prior notice.










Facebook







Instagram







YouTube







