











SMART Product and Service List







SMART Communications, Inc.  
                             2011 Order Codes





Copy the Order Code to the SMART Order Form 
                             - SMART will add costs in US$







No.

Order Code

Product Name

Description



1

                             MAXITFMDT
                             STARTERKIT

                             MAXit for FrameMaker 7.1 to 10.0

                             MAXit Checker for FrameMaker. Starter Kit and 
                             additional licenses.



2

                             MAXITWORD
                             STARTERKIT

                             MAXit for Microsoft WORD2000-2007,2010

                             MAXit Checker for Microsoft WORD.  Starter Kit 
                             and
                             additional Licenses.



3

                             MAXITXMETAL
                             STARTERKIT

                             *
                             MAXit for JustSystems XMetaL 5.x, 6.0

                             MAXit Checker for JustSystems XMetaL Editor- 
                             Author. 
                             Starter Kit and additional Licenses.



4

                             MAXitULTRA
                             STARTERKIT

                             * MAXit for UltraXML Version 4.5 
                             (Client only)

                             MAXit Checker for UltraXML Editor. 
                             Licenses and Starter Kit.



5

                             MAXITATEXT

                             * MAXit for PTC Arbortext Editor 5.x and 6.0 (Client only)

                             MAXit Checker Client license for PTC Arbortext
                             Editor 5.x and 6.0



6

                             MAXITSERVER

                             MAXitServer for Microsoft Windows 
                             Three sizes
                              

                             MAXitServer for Windows 2008
                             Single user - mini-server
                             Small (5 users)
                             Medium (10 users)
                             Large (25 users)



                             MAXitServer for Unix Server on SUN Solaris 10.

                             MAXitServer for Unix - Solaris
                             (50-concurrent users)



7

                             TEXTMINER

                             SMART Text Miner - Windows
                             SMART Text Miner - Unix

                             SMART Text Miner for Windows
                             SMART Text Miner for Sun Solaris



8

                             LEXMGR

                             SMART Lexicon Manager

                             SMART Lexicon Manager to manage dictionaries
                             WINDOWS



9

                             DICTPACK

                             Dictionary Service Pack

                             email subscription Service to add 500 new terms.



10

                             SMELEARN

                             eLearning - Write Simplified Technical  
                             English and Controlled English

                             eLearning course on CD-ROM on how to write 
                             ASD-STE100 Simplified Technical English or 
                             Controlled English.



SMART TECHNICAL SERVICES AND TRAINING



11

                             SOFTMAINT

                             SMART Software Maintenance

                             SMART service for annual software support
                             after 60-day, warranty.



12

                             TEXTMINSVE

                             Text Mining Service

                             Process customer texts through the SMART Text Miner 
                             tool. Costs based on number of pages. 1000 pages 
                             minimum. Includes linguistic analysis.



13

                             TECHWRITE

                             Smart Technical Writing services

                             Services for contract technical writing.



14

                             WRITETRAIN

                             SMART service to conduct Writer Training

                             Services to conduct a 3-day, on-site writer 
                             training seminar. Add SMTRAVEL.



15

                             SIXSIGMA

                             SMART services for Six Sigma training and programs.

                             Services to develop Six Sigma training for 
                             documentation quality. Motorola, GE and Honeywell 
                             Six Sigma.



16

                             SMCONSULT

                             SMART Services for Documentation Consulting.

                             Services to design and implement XML and DITA 
                             documentation.



17

                             SMTRAVEL

                             SMART Travel Costs for Item 13.

                             Code for travel costs, including airfares, hotels 
                             and out-of-pocket expenses.



                               Updated: 
                             02/27/2012            







MarketWatch.com Topics

























Bulletin

Dow sets yet another record, but Nasdaq, S&P 500 slump Friday »
        




Investor Alert







New York Markets After Hours



Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers


















Topics







		Istanbul



			Brexit




		Guns







		Millennials




		Immigration



			Apple

/conga/topics/main.html
369880



Subjects in the news



U.S. Economy


U.S. Politics


Earnings


Sales


Aerospace


Ice




Markets


Production


Iraq


Russia


Oil


United Kingdom




Europe


European Markets


London Markets


Health Care


Income


Insurance






People in the news



Jones, Edward


Trump, Donald


Woods, Tiger


Buffett, Warren


Putnam, George


Clinton, Bill




Obama, Barack


Putin, Vladimir


Tillerson, Rex


Washington, George


Ryan, James


Walker, David




West, David


Williams, James


Gray, John


Clooney, George


Cruise, Tom


Jolie, Angelina






Companies in the news



Northrop Grumman Corp.


International Data Group


New York Mercantile Exchange


American International Group


Health Care Insurance


Miners




Metal Exchange


Target Corp.


United National


Performance


News Corp.


Jones




Oppenheimer


International Industries


Transport Service


Capital One Financial


Apple Inc.


eBay Inc.






Organizations in the news



American Petroleum Institute


European Union


OPEC


Education Department


Transportation Department


European Central Bank




Federal Reserve Bank of New York


Congress


Public Service Commission


Securities and Exchange Commission


Baseball


Nasdaq Stock Market




Consumers Union


World Bank


Council on Foreign Relations


Security Council


Senate


Boston College












Browse topics:


A


B


C


D


E


F


G


H


I


J


K


L


M


N


O


P


Q


R


S


T


U


V


W


X


Y


Z


0-9





















Log In




4:13 PM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	After


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
4:10pCigarette maker stocks plunge on FDA announcement, but health experts are skeptical
4:08p‘Game of Thrones’: The four biggest takeaways from 'Stormborn’
4:08pAmazon’s stock drop after results is the smallest in seven years
4:07pRussell’s ‘line in the sand’ against Snap could give investors more control
4:07p‘Game of Thrones’ science: Let’s take a closer look at that greyscale
4:06pDow Jones Industrial Average advances more than 1% this week 
4:06pComcast is trying to win over millennials with new streaming service
4:06pWall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
4:05pStocks end muddled for the week on mixed batch of second-quarter earnings
4:05pBREAKINGDow ends at record; S&P 500, Nasdaq see weekly fall
4:05p‘Atomic Blonde’ shows — again — kick-ass roles for women are good for Hollywood
4:03p‘Game of Thrones’: New photos of episode 3 tease meeting of fire and ice
4:03pTrump Today: President suggests officers hit suspects’ heads on police cars 
4:02pS&P 500 closes lower by around 0.1% 
4:02pDow Jones Industrial Average closes higher by more than 0.1% 
4:02pNasdaq Composite Index closes lower by 0.1%, weighed by Amazon earnings miss
4:01pStocks close mixed; Dow closes at record lifted by Chevron earnings
4:00pRedfin Corp. closes up 45% in market debut 
3:59pHow to ask for a raise and find out if your Amazon sale item is truly discounted
3:58pAmericans’ new badge of honor: ‘I was blocked by a celebrity!’
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,830.31

+33.76
+0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,374.68

-7.51
-0.12%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.10

-3.32
-0.13%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15


















































10-Q: SMART SERVER, INC - MarketWatch



























































Latest News










Dow

21,830
+33.76
+0.15%






Nasdaq

6,375
-7.51
-0.12%






S&P 500

2,472
-3.32
-0.13%









4:10 P.M. ET


                                  Cigarette maker stocks plunge on FDA announcement, but health experts are skeptical
                                





 
4:08 P.M. ET


Updated
      ‘Game of Thrones’: The four biggest takeaways from 'Stormborn’
                                





 
4:08 P.M. ET


Updated
      Amazon’s stock drop after results is the smallest in seven years
                                





 
4:07 P.M. ET


                                  Russell’s ‘line in the sand’ against Snap could give investors more control
                                





 
4:06 P.M. ET


Updated
      ‘Game of Thrones’ science: Let’s take a closer look at that greyscale
                                





 
4:06 P.M. ET


                                  Dow Jones Industrial Average advances more than 1% this week 
                                





 
4:05 P.M. ET


Updated
      Comcast is trying to win over millennials with new streaming service
                                





 
4:05 P.M. ET


Updated
      Wall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
                                





 
4:05 P.M. ET


                                  Stocks end muddled for the week on mixed batch of second-quarter earnings
                                





 
4:04 P.M. ET


                                  ‘Atomic Blonde’ shows — again — kick-ass roles for women are good for Hollywood
                                





 
4:04 P.M. ET


Breaking
      Dow ends at record; S&P 500, Nasdaq see weekly fall
                                





 
4:03 P.M. ET


Updated
      ‘Game of Thrones’: New photos of episode 3 tease meeting of fire and ice
                                





 
4:02 P.M. ET


Updated
      Trump Today: President suggests officers hit suspects’ heads on police cars 
                                





 
4:01 P.M. ET


                                  Nasdaq Composite Index closes lower by 0.1%, weighed by Amazon earnings miss
                                





 
4:01 P.M. ET


                                  Dow Jones Industrial Average closes higher by more than 0.1% 
                                





 
4:01 P.M. ET


                                  S&P 500 closes lower by around 0.1% 
                                





 
4:00 P.M. ET


                                  Stocks close mixed; Dow closes at record lifted by Chevron earnings
                                





 
4:00 P.M. ET


                                  Redfin Corp. closes up 45% in market debut 
                                





 
3:58 P.M. ET


                                  How to ask for a raise and find out if your Amazon sale item is truly discounted
                                





 
3:57 P.M. ET


                                  Americans’ new badge of honor: ‘I was blocked by a celebrity!’
                                





 








































Log In














Bulletin

Dow sets yet another record, but Nasdaq, S&P 500 slump Friday









    New York Markets After Hours
  


Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers














Home






Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)




Get email alerts



         10-Q: SMART SERVER, INC
    








    By

Published: July 21, 2014 2:28 p.m. ET

Share






















































 



 















(EDGAR Online via COMTEX) -- Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS  This document contains "forward-looking statements". All statements other than statements of historical fact are "forward-looking statements" for purposes of federal and state securities laws, including, but not limited to, any projections of earnings, revenue or other financial items; any statements of the plans, strategies and objections of management for future operations; any statements concerning proposed new services or developments; any statements regarding future economic conditions or performance; any statements or belief; and any statements of assumptions underlying any of the foregoing.  Forward-looking statements may include the words "may," "could," "estimate," "intend," "continue," "believe," "expect" or "anticipate" or other similar words. These forward-looking statements present our estimates and assumptions only as of the date of this report. Accordingly, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the dates on which they are made. Except for our ongoing securities laws, we do not intend, and undertake no obligation, to update any forward-looking statement. You should, however, consult further disclosures we make in future filings of our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K.  Although we believe the expectations reflected in any of our forward-looking statements are reasonable, actual results could differ materially from those projected or assumed in any of our forward-looking statements. Our future financial condition and results of operations, as well as any forward-looking statements, are subject to change and inherent risks and uncertainties. The factors impacting these risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to:  · our current lack of working capital;  · inability to raise additional financing;  · the fact that our accounting policies and methods are fundamental to how we report our financial condition and results of operations, and they may require our management to make estimates about matters that are inherently uncertain;  · deterioration in general or regional economic conditions;  · adverse state or federal legislation or regulation that increases the costs of compliance, or adverse findings by a regulator with respect to existing operations;  · inability to efficiently manage our operations;  · inability to achieve future sales levels or other operating results; and  · the unavailability of funds for capital expenditures.  For a detailed description of these and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statement, please see "Item 1A. Risk Factors" in this document.  Throughout this Quarterly Report references to "we", "our", "us", "Smart Server", "SVTZ", "the Company", and similar terms refer to Smart Server, Inc.  AVAILABLE INFORMATION  We file annual, quarterly and other reports and other information with the SEC. You can read these SEC filings and reports over the Internet at the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. You can also obtain copies of the documents at prescribed rates by writing to the Public Reference Section of the SEC at 100 F Street, NE, Washington, DC 20549 on official business days between the hours of 10:00 am and 3:00 pm. Please call the SEC at (800) SEC-0330 for further information on the operations of the public reference facilities. We will provide a copy of our annual report to security holders, including audited financial statements, at no charge upon receipt of a written request to us at Smart Server, Inc., 2956 Worden St., San Diego, CA 92110.  DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS  OVERVIEW  Business Development Summary  Smart Server, Inc., is a development stage company incorporated in the State of Nevada in October of 2013. We were formed to engage in the business of designing and developing a computer application software for mobile phones (smart phones) and tablet computers, such as those based on Apple(R) and Android(R) platforms, which provides customers at participating restaurants, bars and clubs the ability to pay their bill with their smartphone - without even having to ask for the check.  We have designed a website which will be a primary source of information for the general public of the nature of our business. Additionally, we have begun our initial writing, design and programming of our mobile payment solution app. During our initial month of formation we concentrated our energies on analyzing the viability of our business plan, and establishing our business model, including researching the items needed to secure a trademark, filing a trademark application, and developing relationships with mobile app retailers. Our president, Mr. Lane, has no experience in developing mobile applications and websites. We are using the services of a website and mobile app developer to design our logo and website and develop our mobile application. We do not presently have a market-ready product, and we currently do not have any customers. As such, we have generated no revenues  We are attempting to build Smart Server into a successful designer of a mobile payment solution app for smart phones and other mobile devices. In order to generate revenues during the next twelve months, we must:  1. Maintain our website - We believe that the internet is a great marketing tool not only for providing information on our company, but also for providing current information on our upcoming app as well as industry related information regarding new technology and device updates. We recently launched our updated website, which is not yet fully operational, but we have initiated the process of developing a more advanced site where we can provide a more detailed section regarding proprietary app designs and features. We have paid approximately $8,150 towards the development of our website and application.  2. Develop and implement a product development timeline - Smart Server will require the implementation of a detailed timeline to ensure the Company produce a marketable mobile application. These keys areas will need to be addressed to assist in the assurance of the Company's success:  · efficient design and programing writing;  · extensive Beta testing through friends and family network, or eventually through current users;  · timely and useful downloadable updates;  · marketable launch through third party retailer or through the Company's website.  3. Develop and implement a marketing plan -Smart Server's planned revenue streams will require an extensive list of contacts to allow for the marketing of our mobile apps. Awareness of the revenue potential Smart Server will be able to deliver through its website and app, will be delivered through the implementation of a number of marketing initiatives including search engine optimization, website completion, hosted video demonstrations, third party service contacts, tradeshow attendance, as well as blogging and other forms of social media which are driven by technology and mobile flexibility. These efforts and the resulting awareness will be key drivers behind the success of our revenue producing operations.  Industry Background and Trends  Apps are designed to help a user perform specific tasks and are generally downloaded by users from an App store directly onto their smartphone or tablet. Apps are becoming increasingly popular. According to International Dare Corporation ("IDC") in December 2010, worldwide mobile application downloads are forecast to reach 76.9 billion downloads in 2014, an approximate 700% increase from an estimated 10.9 billion downloads in 2010. While the foregoing industry predictions are based on publicly available third party industry reports, there are wide ranging variations in the predictions regarding the size of the future mobile applications market and undue reliance should not be placed on these statistics.  Business of Issuer  Smart Server, Inc. has created a business plan built upon designing and selling mobile apps for smart phones and other mobile platforms such as tablets. Smart Server is striving to design and develop applications which will not only improve the efficiency of the restaurant dining experience, as is the case with our initial app, Smart Server, which provides a platform where consumers and restaurant patrons can pay their tabs directly from their smart phones when using a credit or debit card.  On May 1, 2014, the Company completed its initial public offering through the sale of 500,000 shares of common stock, resulting in gross proceeds of $50,000.  On July 1, 2014, we received notice from our market maker that we were assigned the symbol "SVTZ" to initiate trading on the "over-the-counter pink sheets."  Our Product  Smart Server is a payment program for Windows, Mac, iOS, Android and Windows Mobile operating systems. This application is database driven using an online Cloud database for active live syncing for the user's data and accounts. Our application allows consumers to eliminate the inconvenience of having to wait for their server to drop off the tab when dining and instead pay your tab directly from your smart phone with our proprietary technology.  Point of sale (also called POS or checkout) is the place where a retail transaction is completed. It is the point at which a customer makes a payment to the merchant in exchange for goods or services. Smart Server, upon full development of our smartphone application, will integrate with all major hospitality POS systems, including but not limited to Harbourtouch, NCR, POSGuys, AccuPOS, Micros, Focus Restaurant Management Software, and FuturePOS. Our cloud based mobile payment solution will not require any additional hardware and our POS integration system will allow information to flow securely and automatically through the system. Additionally, you won't have to change or modify your existing merchant processor or interrupt your normal work flow.  Some of the benefits that users will receive from our Smart Server application include:  · Saves time - Have you ever waited patiently for a server to return your debit or credit card and it was not returned in a timely manner? What's the point in waiting for your check when you can close out your tab at any time from your smartphone? This can be frustrating when you are in a hurry to pay your bill or you have places to be. With Smart Server you can avoid this entirely by simply paying your bill from your smartphone or tablet at participating restaurants.  · Reviews - As evident by the popularity of Yelp, "reviews are written by people using Yelp to share their everyday local business experiences, giving voice to consumers and bringing "word of mouth" online. The information these reviews provide is valuable for consumers and businesses alike." With that being said, we believe an important part of having repeat customers in the restaurant and bar industry is knowing what your customers think about the level of customer service, and the overall experience. To that end, we intend to provide reviews from Smart Server users. Upon implementation, users will be able to review and rate participating restaurants and bars through our app. We believe our reviews will provide valuable feedback to our users, as well as offering an incentive to attract new participating establishments.  · Promotions - We intend to work with participating restaurants and establishments to offer customers who use Smart Server exclusive rewards, promotions, and special offers. When implemented, these discounts will be available directly from your from and automatically redeemable on your bill.  · Bill Splitting - Another feature we plan on adding to our app, is a function where Smart Server users can split a bill whenever there are two or more individuals paying the bill. This feature avoids the necessity of having the server split the bill into two separate checks which can be make paying your bill even more complicated, and thus time consuming. When implemented, we believe this feature will make our app even more convenient because it will save your time.  · Tipping - Yet another feature we intend to make available on our app is the ability to tip your server when paying your bill. Currently, we are researching the viability of adding a mandatory tipping feature to our app, unless the user writes a negative review stating why they decided not to include a tip, whether it was for poor service or the food was unpleasant.  · Lost debit/credit card - Have you ever handed your credit card to a Server to pay your bill and accidentally left your card? With Smart Server you won't have to worry about this because you never have to pull your card out of your wallet/purse. This reduces the likelihood of losing your card, your card being stolen, or being forced to come back to pick up your card upon realizing that you left it.  Market and Revenue Generation  In order to generate revenues during the next twelve months, we must:  1. Develop and implement a marketing plan - Smart Server's planned revenue streams will require establishing a web presence and improved visibility within the public and private sectors. Initially, we intend to generate advertising revenue primarily from display, audio and video advertising on our website. We anticipate that such advertising will be included on our website soon after we have a fully operational website which we anticipate will be by the second quarter of 2015. We also intend to build revenue based upon profits realized through our sales through advertising Apps. A major key factor in the Company's success will be the building of third party relationships within the restaurant industry and mobile technology industry.  2. Develop and implement a comprehensive consumer information website - For the foreseeable future, the company's website (www.smart-server.biz) will be a primary asset and a potential key source of revenue generation, as well as company information. Currently, management is formulating its plan on how best to employ its resources to expand and improve the site. We are working to add to the functionality of the site including: listing participating merchants where customers can use Smart Server as a mobile payment method, real time testimonials and reviews from actual customers, feedback from participating merchants on how Smart Server actually impacts their businesses by tracking order history and preferences of users. Additionally, we need to optimize the site for search engine rank, as well as renew the look and feel of the site to coincide with our objectives for the Smart Server. We are also analyzing the viability of adding feature where users are given personalized offers and rewards for being loyal patrons and using Smart Server while they frequent participating merchants. Thus far, we have not yet recognized revenues from the website nor is there any indication that we ever will recognize direct revenues from our website. We do not presently have a fully operational website or a market-ready product, nor do we have any customers; thus have generated no revenues.  Our operations, to date, have been devoted primarily to startup and development activities, which include the following:  · Formation of the company;  · Development of Company logo;  · Development of our business plan;  · Filing a Trademark application for our logo;  · Launching of our preliminary website; and  · Begin the design and development of our initial mobile application.  Smart Server, Inc., was established in October of 2013. Currently we have temporary offices at 2956 Worden St, San Diego, CA 92106. Our sole officer, director and founding stockholder created the business as a result of his experience in the restaurant industry and realized the opportunity for the Smart Server concept.  Competition  There are many companies who compete directly with our products. A number of companies who market and a similar concept have recently emerged, including Uber, Tabbedout, Cover, Dash, iwaitless.com. Most of these companies have significantly greater financial and other resources than us and have been developing their products longer than we have been developing ours. Additionally, there are not significant barriers to entry in our industry and new companies may be created that will compete with us and other, more established companies who do not now directly compete with us, may choose to enter our markets and compete with us in the future.  Intellectual Property and Proprietary Rights  Proprietary rights are important to our success and our competitive position. To protect our proprietary rights, we rely on copyright, service marks and trade secret laws, confidentiality procedures and contractual provisions. We currently have one pending trademark registration.  We cannot assure you that any of our proprietary rights with respect to our products or services will be viable or of value in the future since the validity, enforceability and type of protection of proprietary rights in Internet-related industries are uncertain and still evolving.  Despite our efforts to protect our proprietary rights, unauthorized parties may attempt to copy aspects of our products or to obtain and use information that we regard as proprietary. Policing unauthorized use of our products is difficult, and while we are unable to determine the extent to which piracy of our software products exists, software piracy can be expected to be a persistent problem. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect proprietary rights to as great an extent as do the laws of the United States, and effective copyright, trademark and trade secret protection may not be available in those jurisdictions. Our means of protecting our proprietary rights may not be adequate to protect us from the infringement or misappropriation of such rights by others.  In recent years, there has been significant litigation in the United States involving patents and other intellectual property rights, particularly in the software and Internet-related industries. We could become subject to intellectual property infringement claims as the number of our competitors grows and our products and services overlap with competitive offerings. These claims, even if not meritorious, could be expensive to defend and could divert management's attention from operating our company. If we become liable to third parties for infringing their intellectual property rights, we could be required to pay a substantial award of damages and to develop non-infringing technology, obtain a license or cease selling the products that contain the infringing intellectual property. We may be unable to develop non-infringing technology or obtain a license on commercially reasonable terms, if at all.  Government Regulation  Our activities are not currently subject to any particular regulations by governmental agencies other than those routinely imposed on corporate businesses. However, we cannot predict the impact of future regulations on either us or advertisers that may advertise with our Apps.  Employees  We are a development stage company and currently have only one part-time employee, Matthew Lane, who is also our sole officer and director. Mr. Lane has spent approximately 10 years employed in the restaurant and bar industry and has amassed a database of contacts through his experience in the restaurant industry which will be incorporated into our marketing strategy. It is Mr. Lane who is providing us his experience and knowledge for development of our business plan. Initially Mr. Lane will coordinate all of our business operations, including working with our app designer and program writing.  We have executed a total of six promissory notes with E. Venture Resources, Inc., for a total of $85,000, as of May 31, 2014. The terms of the promissory note provide for an interest rate of 6% per annum with all accrued balances due and payable by 24 months from the execution of the promissory note. We plan to use consultants, attorneys, accountants, as necessary and do not plan to engage any additional full-time employees in the near future. We believe the use of non-salaried personnel allows us to expend our capital resources as a variable cost as opposed to a fixed cost of operations. In other words, if we have insufficient revenues or cash available, we are in a better position to only utilize those services required to generate revenues as opposed to having salaried employees. We do not intend to hire any additional employees within the next 12 months. At such time as the Company would deem it appropriate to hire additional staff, a portion of any employee compensation would likely include the right to acquire our stock, which would dilute the ownership interest of holders of existing shares of our common stock.  Consultant  On November 11, 2013, we entered into a Consulting Agreement with TechiT Marketing Group, Inc. ("TechiT"), wherein TechiT agreed to assist the Company with designing and developing the Company's website and mobile application. The term of the agreement commenced on November 11, 2013 and will continue for 24 months. We agreed to pay TechiT an initial payment of $2,550.20 (paid on November 26, 2013) and future fees will be based on an hourly basis and as new services are performed and fees are earned.  · Design Smart Server Logo  · Website Theme and Initial Setup  · Domain Purchase & Registration (2 yrs) www.smart-server.biz · Virtual Private Server Rental 1 Year  · Mobile App Setup & Deployment  · Apple Individual Developers Subscription "Annual Fee"  · WordPress Plugin Subscriptions  Going Concern  The Company's financial statements are prepared using generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America applicable to a going concern which contemplates the realization of assets and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company has not yet established an ongoing source of revenues sufficient to cover its operating costs and allow it to continue as a going concern. As of May 31, 2014 the Company had an accumulated deficit of $104,985. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent on the Company obtaining adequate capital to fund operating losses until it becomes profitable. If the Company is unable to obtain adequate capital, it could be forced to cease operations.  The Company is currently contemplating an offering of its equity or debt securities to finance continuing operations. There are no agreements or arrangements currently in place or under negotiation to obtain such financing, and there are no assurances that the Company will be successful and without sufficient financing it would be unlikely for the Company to continue as a going concern.  The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent upon its ability to successfully accomplish the plans described in the preceding paragraph and eventually secure other sources of financing and attain profitable operations.  RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  Results of Operations for the Six Month Ended May 31, 2014.  Operating expenses during the six month ended May 31, 2014 were $69,778, $69,306of which was professional fees associated with legal and accounting expenses and the remaining $472 was related to general and administrative costs. In comparison, operating expenses from inception (October 24, 2013) to November 30, 2013 were $33,189, of which $10,100 was in professional fees, $20,000 was for executive compensation, $1,600 in research and development and the remaining $1,489 was related to general and administrative costs. The increase in professional fees is due to increased legal work and accounting fees.  Liquidity and Capital Resources  As of May 31, 2014, the Company has a total of $53,633in available cash. If we were to not receive any additional funds, we could not continue in business for the next 12 months with our currently available capital. However, we will not be able to fully implement our improved website or complete the development of our app, which will negatively impact the receipt of any significant revenues.  Cash increased primarily due to the receipt of funds from this offering to offset our near term cash equivalents and additional debt financing. Since inception, we have financed our cash flow requirements through debt financing. As we expand our activities, we may, and most likely will, continue to experience net negative cash flows from operations, pending receipt sales from our mobile app. In addition we have promissory notes with E. Venture Resources, Inc., for a total of $85,000. The terms of the promissory notes provide for an interest rate of 6% per annum with all accrued balances due and payable within 24 months of the date of the promissory note. In the future we anticipate obtaining additional financing to fund operations through common stock offerings, to the extent available, or to obtain additional financing to the extent necessary to augment our working capital.  Even though we intend to begin generating revenues, we can make no assurances and therefore we may incur operating losses in the next twelve months. Our limited operating history makes predictions of future operating results difficult to ascertain. Our prospects must be considered in light of the risks, expenses and difficulties frequently encountered by companies in their early stage of development, particularly companies in new and rapidly evolving markets. Such risks for us include, but are not limited to, an evolving business model, advancement of technology and the management of growth. To address these risks, we must, among other things, continue our development of relevant applications, stay abreast of mobile app trends, as well as implement and successfully execute our business and marketing strategy. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in addressing such risks, and the failure to do so can have a material adverse effect on our business prospects, financial condition and results of operations.  The following table sets forth a summary of our cash flows for the periods indicated:   Six months ended Fiscal Year ended May 31, November 30, 2014 2013 Net cash used in operating activities $ (63,453 ) $ (17,914 ) Net cash used in investing activities $ - $ - Net cash provided by financing activities $ 115,000 $ 20,000 Net increase/(decrease) in Cash $ 51,547 $ 2,086 Cash, beginning $ 2,086 $ - Cash, ending $ 53,633 $ 2,086  Operating activities  . . .  Jul 21, 2014  (c) 1995-2014 Cybernet Data Systems, Inc. All Rights Reserved 


More from MarketWatch









More Coverage


All the companies in Jeff Bezos’s empire, in one (large) chart


Kellyanne Conway suggests Hillary Clinton’s language is more vulgar than Anthony Scaramucci’s


The dark side of cruises















Most Popular





All the companies in Jeff Bezos’s empire, in one (large) chart





Stock market lower after Amazon disappointment, but pares losses





Get ready for the less-profitable Amazon that you used to know





Intel earnings have message for AMD and Nvidia: ‘Bring it on’





JetBlue chairman: Why loyalty programs have made airlines 'lazy'




MarketWatch Partner Center




















 








            We Want to
            Hear from You


Join the conversation
Comment
















Sponsored Headlines













Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found







































 



















 




Smart Server Inc. - The New York Times







































































NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.
LEARN MORE »









Sections

Home

Search
Skip to content
Skip to navigation




The New York Times







            Smart Server Inc.        

|






Search

Subscribe Now
Log In

0
Settings




Close search










Advertisement








Supported by






                Smart Server Inc.            


News about Smart Server Inc., including commentary and archival articles published in The New York Times.                    









Go to Home Page »

Site Index

The New York Times


























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 

Server Tech Rack PDU - Products | Server Technology








































Products

Back
Product Overview
Sentry Power Manager
Switched POPS PDU
Switched PDU
Smart POPS PDU
Smart PDU
Metered PDU
Basic PDU
Fail-Safe Power Redundancy
Accessories
Solutions
Fast Movers



Support

Back
Firmware Downloads
MIB and OID Tree Downloads
SPM Download Center
Warranties and Returns
Technical References
FAQs
Help Desk



About Us

Back
Contact Us
Blog
News/Events
Our Customers
Careers
Patent Search
Export Compliance



Partners

Back
Channel Partners
Solutions Partners
Become a Partner





Request an Account
Sign In

















Home ▸ 
 
	  		Products






Rack PDUs For Every Data Center Need
No matter your data center power needs – from our award winning HDOT Alternating Phase Build Your Own PDU, to our feature rich Switched POPS PDU to our basic PDUs – Server Technology’s Power Strategy Experts have you covered. Shop our selection of rackmount power distribution units for everything from individual outlet control, temperature and humidity monitoring, input current monitoring, branch circuit protection, and more.
Server Technology PDUs are fully compatible with our award-winning data center monitoring software, Sentry Power Manager, and many can be configured to provide email-based alerts so you can keen an eye on your data center PDUs 24/7. Compare the specs of our HDOT, Switched POPs, Smart POPs, Switched, Smart, Metered, and Basic PDUs to find the perfect power solution for your data center today.
New to Power?  Click to View Our PDU Buying Guide





















 










 






















































Choose the Right Rack PDU

Switched POPS - Per Outlet Power Sensing PDU
Smart POPS - Per Outlet Power Sensing PDU
Switched PDU
Smart PDU
Metered PDU
Basic PDU




 
 
Per Outlet Power Monitoring
Branch Circuit Protection
Input Current Monitoring
Environmental Monitoring
Access, Security & Communications
Expansion Module
Individual Outlet  Control
SPM Ready

Switched POPS - Per Outlet Power Sensing PDU

Checkmark
Checkmark
Checkmark
Checkmark
Checkmark
Checkmark
Checkmark
Checkmark

Smart POPS - Per Outlet Power Sensing PDU

Checkmark
Checkmark
Checkmark
Checkmark
Checkmark
Checkmark

Checkmark

Switched PDU

 
Checkmark
Checkmark
Checkmark
Checkmark
Checkmark
Checkmark
Checkmark

Smart PDU

 
Checkmark
Checkmark
Checkmark
Checkmark
Checkmark
 
Checkmark

Metered PDU

 
Checkmark
Checkmark
 
 
 
 


Basic PDU

 
Checkmark
 
 
 
 
 










Rack PDU Features



CLICK HERE TO SEE A FULL LIST OF PDU FEATURES





Manage your intelligent PDUs with SPM
Learn the six reasons why, today.



















Smart Server : RUMBLEON, INC. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of (form 10-K) | 4-Traders















































































 




Log in






E-mail



Password







Remember




Forgot password ?









Become a member for free
Sign up





Sign up




New memberSign up for FREE


New customerDiscover our portfolios












 United States
 United Kingdom
 France
 Deutschland
 Schweiz (DE)
 Suisse (FR)










Settings

            Dynamic quotes 


OFFON








 








Markets
Equities
North AmericaEuropeAsiaOceaniaMiddle East» More Equities

Indexes
DOW JONESS&P 500NASDAQ 100TSX COMPFTSE 100» More Indexes

Currency / Forex
EUR / USDGBP / USDUSD / JPYUSD / CADAUD / USD» More Currencies

Commodities
GOLDCrude Oil (WTI)Crude Oil (BRENT)SILVERPLATINUM» More Commodities


 News
Latest News
CompaniesMarketsEconomyCurrency / ForexCommoditiesInterest RatesBusiness LeadersFinancial calendarEconomic calendar

Listed company
Analyst reco.RumorsIPOsCapital Markets TransactionsNew ContractsProfits warningsAppointmentsPress ReleasesEventsCorporate actions

Sector News
EnergyBasic MaterialsIndustrialsConsumer CyclicalConsumer Non-CyclicalFinancialsHealthcareTechnologyTelecommunications ServicesUtilities


 Analysis
All AnalysisCommentariesIndex AnalysisStock Trading StrategiesCommodity AnalysisForex Analysis

 Stock Picks
All stock picks

 Portfolios
My Portfolio
Virtual portfolios
4-Traders Portfolios
European PortfolioUSA PortfolioAsian Portfolio


 Screeners
Market Screener HomeFundamental Analyse
Top Investor RatingTop Trading RatingTop ConsensusGrowth stocksYield stocksLow valuations

Technical Analysis
Oversold stocksOverbought stocksClose to resistancesClose to supportsAccumulation phaseMost volatile stocks


 Watchlists
My Watchlists
Watchlists
Top Lists
Yield stocksGrowth stocksUndervalued Stocks


 Top / Flop
Top News
Most Read NewsHot News

Top Fundamentals
Top CapitalizationTop YieldTop PERTop ConsensusTop Fundamentals

Top Technicals
Top RSIUnusual volumesTop GapsTop STIM

Top Movers
Top USATop CanadaTop U.K.Top GermanyTop EuropeTop Asia


 Tools
Market ScreenerDynamic chartFinancial calendarEconomic calendarSector researchCurrency converter

 Our Services
Premium AccessDiscover our Services

 



















 







4-Traders Homepage  >  Equities  >  OTC Bulletin Board  >  Smart Server Inc    










     SMART SERVER INC     


Add to my list    

Mes dernières consult.Most popular
Manage my lists

















 







No quotes available

--
USD
 
--.--%










04/05 RUMBLEON, INC.  : RMBL) Files An 8-K Creation of a Direct Financial ..

 







SummaryNewsCompany News SummaryMost relevantAll newsSector newsTweets


















 




Smart Server : RUMBLEON, INC. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of (form 10-K)



































0






02/15/2017 | 01:14pm CEST 


Send by mail :
Last Name :
Name :
From* :
To* :
(You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas)
Message :
*Required fields





Operations.
We provide under this Item 7, management's discussion and analysis of financial
condition and results of operations for (i) RumbleON, Inc. ("RumbleON") for the
year ended December 31, 2016, for the month ended December 31, 2015, and for the
year ended November 30, 2015 and (ii) NextGen Dealer Solutions, LLC, ("NextGen")
which we acquired on February 8, 2017, as described elsewhere in this 2016 Form
10-K as of and for the year ended December 31, 2016 and as of and for the period
from December 10, 2015 and ended December 31, 2015. The MD&A for both these
entities should be read in conjunction with their respective audited financial
statements and accompanying notes beginning on page F-2 and F-16 respectively.
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations for RumbleON
Background and Business Overview


RumbleON, Inc. was originally incorporated in the State of Nevada in October
2013 as a development stage company under the name Smart Server, Inc.Smart
Server was formed to engage in the business of designing and developing computer
application software for smart phones and tablet computers ("mobile payment
application") to provide customers at participating restaurants, bars, and clubs
the ability to pay their bill with their smartphone without having to ask for
the check. Smart Server ceased its software development activities in 2014 and,
having no operations and no or nominal assets, met the definition of a "shell
company" under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules
and regulations thereunder.
In July 2016, Berrard Holdings Limited Partnership ("Berrard Holdings") acquired
99.5% of the common stock of Smart Server from the prior owner of such shares
and efforts began on the development of a unique, capital light, and disruptive
e-commerce platform facilitating the ability of both consumers and dealers to
Buy-Sell-Trade-Finance pre-owned recreation vehicles. It is our goal to have the
platform recognized as the most trusted and effective solution for the sale,
acquisition, and distribution of recreation vehicles and provide users an
efficient, fast, transparent, and engaging experience. Our initial focus is the
market for 650cc and larger on road motorcycles, particularly those concentrated
in the Harley Davidson brand; we will look to extend to other brands and
additional vehicle types and products as the platform matures. In February 2017,
the Company's name was changed to RumbleON, Inc.
Serving both consumers and dealers, RumbleON will make such consumers or dealers
a cash offer for the purchase of their vehicle or will provide them the
flexibility to trade, list, consign, or auction their vehicle through the
website and mobile app of RumbleON and our partner dealers. In addition,
RumbleON will offer a large inventory of vehicles for sale on its website and
will offer financing and associated products. RumbleON operations are designed
to be highly scalable by working through an infrastructure and capital light
model created by forging a synergistic relationship with dealers. RumbleON will
utilize partner dealers in the acquisition of motorcycles as well as to provide
inspection, reconditioning and distribution services. Correspondingly, RumbleON
will earn fees and transaction income, and partner dealers will earn incremental
revenue and enhance profitability through increased sales, leads, and fees from
inspection, reconditioning and distribution programs.
RumbleON will be driven by a proprietary technology platform, designed by an
experienced development team. RumbleON acquired this platform on February 8,
2017 through its acquisition of NextGen and anticipates the platform will be
fully implemented by the RumbleON team in partnership with the developer over
the next 60 days. The system provides integrated accounting, appraisal,
inventory management, CRM, lead and call center management, equity mining, and
other key services necessary to drive the online marketplace. Over the past 16
years, the developers of the software have designed and built, for large
multi-national clients, a number of successful dealer and high quality online
software applications solutions including applications for vehicle appraisal and
inventory management, credit reporting and compliance, CRM and lead management,
and a vehicle purchase platform. The product suite currently has modules
supporting the motorcycle, RV, marine, and auto segments and is easily
expandable for additional products in the future. For additional information see
Item 1 Business, "Background and Overview" and Item 8 of Part II, Note 11
"Subsequent Events."
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted
accounting principles of the United States ("GAAP") requires estimates and
assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, revenue
and expenses, and related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities in
the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. The Securities and
Exchange Commission (the "SEC") has defined a company's critical accounting
policies as the ones that are most important to the portrayal of the
company's financial condition and results of operations, and which require the
company to make its most difficult and subjective judgments, often as a result
of the need to make estimates of matters that are inherently uncertain. Based on
this definition, we have identified the critical accounting policies and
judgments addressed below. We also have other key accounting policies, which
involve the use of estimates, judgments, and assumptions that are significant to
understanding our results. For additional information, see Item 8 of Part II,
Financial Statements Note 1 "Description of Business and Accounting Policies."
Although we believe that our estimates, assumptions, and judgments are
reasonable, they are based upon information presently available. Actual results
may differ significantly from these estimates under different assumptions,
judgments, or conditions.


                                       18



Purchase Accounting for Business Combinations


The Company will account for acquisitions by allocating the fair value of the
consideration transferred to the fair value of the assets acquired and
liabilities assumed on the date of the acquisition and any remaining difference
will be recorded as goodwill. Adjustments may be made to the preliminary
purchase price allocation when facts and circumstances that existed on the date
of the acquisition surface during the allocation period subsequent to the
preliminary purchase price allocation, not to exceed one year from the date of
acquisition. Contingent consideration will be recorded at fair value based on
the facts and circumstances on the date of the acquisition and any subsequent
changes in the fair value are recorded through earnings each reporting period.
Transactions that occur in conjunction with or subsequent to the closing date of
the acquisition will be evaluated and accounted for based on the facts and
substance of the transactions.
GoodwillGoodwill will not be amortized but rather tested for impairment at least
annually. The Company will test goodwill for impairment annually during the
fourth quarter of each year. Goodwill will also be tested for impairment between
annual tests if an event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely
than not reduce the fair value of the reporting unit below its carrying amount.
Impairment testing for goodwill will be done at the reporting unit level. A
reporting unit is an operating segment or one level below an operating segment
(also known as a component). A component of an operating segment is a reporting
unit if the component constitutes a business for which discrete financial
information is available, and segment management regularly reviews the operating
results of that component. The Company has concluded that currently it has one
reporting unit.
Determining fair value includes the use of significant estimates and
assumptions. Management will utilize an income approach, specifically the
discounted cash flow technique as a means for estimating fair value. This
discounted cash flow analysis requires various assumptions including those about
future cash flows, transactional and customer growth rates and discount rates.
Expected cash flows will be based on historical customer growth and the growth
in transactions, including attrition, future strategic initiatives and continued
long-term growth of the business. The discount rates used for the analysis will
reflect a weighted average cost of capital based on industry and capital
structure adjusted for equity risk and size risk premiums. These estimates can
be affected by factors such as customer and transaction growth, pricing, and
economic conditions that can be difficult to predict.
Other Intangible Assets
Identifiable intangible assets may include customer relationships, non-compete
agreements, trademarks, trade names and internet domain names. The estimated
fair value of these intangible assets at the time of acquisition will be based
upon various valuation techniques including replacement cost and discounted
future cash flow projections. Customer relationships will be amortized on a
straight-line basis over the expected average life of the acquired accounts,
which will be based upon several factors, including historical longevity of
customers and contracts acquired and historical retention rates. Non-compete
agreements will be amortized on a straight-line basis over the term of the
agreement, which will generally not exceed five years. The Company will review
the recoverability of these assets if events or circumstances indicate that the
assets may be impaired and will periodically reevaluate the estimated remaining
lives of these assets.
Trademarks, trade names and internet domain names are considered to be
indefinite lived intangible assets unless specific evidence exists that a
shorter life is more appropriate. Indefinite lived intangible assets will be
tested, at a minimum, on an annual basis using an income approach or sooner
whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that an asset may be
impaired.
Long-Lived Assets
Fixed assets will be reviewed for impairment when events or changes in
circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset or asset group may
not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used will be
measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to the future net
cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If such assets or asset groups
are considered to be impaired, the impairment to be recognized will be measured
by the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets or asset groups exceeds
the related fair values. The Company will also perform a periodic assessment of
the useful lives assigned to the long-lived assets.
Technology and Content
Technology costs for the RumbleON technology platform will be accounted for
pursuant to ASC 350, Intangibles - Goodwill and Other and will consist
principally of development activities including payroll and related expenses for
employees and third-party contractors involved in application, content,
production, maintenance, operation, and platform development for new and
existing products and services, as well as other technology infrastructure
expenses. Technology and content costs for design or maintenance of internal-use
software and general website development will be expensed as incurred. Costs
incurred to develop new website functionality as well as new software products
for resale and significant upgrades to existing platforms or modules will be
capitalized and amortized over seven years.

                                       19



Beneficial Conversion Feature
From time to time, the Company may issue convertible notes that may have
conversion prices that create an embedded beneficial conversion feature pursuant
to the guidelines established by the Financial Accounting Standards Board's
("FASB") Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") Topic 470-20, Debt with
Conversion and Other Options.
The Beneficial Conversion Feature ("BCF") of a convertible security is normally
characterized as the convertible portion or feature of certain securities that
provide a rate of conversion that is below market value or in-the-money when
issued. The Company records a BCF related to the issuance of a convertible
security when issued and also records the estimated fair value of any conversion
feature issued with those securities. Beneficial conversion features that are
contingent upon the occurrence of a future event are recorded when the
contingency is resolved.
The BCF of a convertible note is measured by allocating a portion of the note's
proceeds to the conversion feature, if applicable, and as a reduction of the
carrying amount of the convertible note equal to the intrinsic value of the
conversion feature, both of which are credited to additional paid-in-capital.
The Company calculates the fair value of the conversion feature embedded in any
convertible security using either a) the Black Scholes valuation model, or b) a
discount cash flow analysis tested for sensitivity to key Level 3 inputs using
the Monte Carlo simulation.


The value of the proceeds received from the convertible security are then
allocated between the conversion features and the underlying security on a
relative fair value basis. The allocated fair value is recorded in the financial
statements as a debt discount from the face amount of the security with a
corresponding amount to additional paid in capital. The debt discount is
amortized to interest expense over the life of the note using the effective
interest method.
Revenue Recognition
We will recognize revenue when all of the following conditions are satisfied:
(i) there is persuasive evidence of an arrangement; (ii) the product or service
has been provided to the customer; (iii) the amount of the product sale or fees
to be paid by the customer is fixed or determinable; and (iv) the collection of
our sales proceeds or fees are probable.
Valuation Allowance for Accounts Receivable
We will estimate the allowance for doubtful accounts for accounts receivable by
considering a number of factors, including overall credit quality, age of
outstanding balances, historical write-off experience and specific account
analysis that projects the ultimate collectability of the outstanding balances.
Ultimately, actual results could differ from these assumptions.
Income Taxes
The Company follows ASC Topic 740, Income Taxes for recording the provision for
income taxes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are computed based upon the
difference between the financial statement and income tax basis of assets and
liabilities using the enacted marginal tax rate applicable when the related
asset or liability is expected to be realized or settled. Deferred income tax
expenses or benefits are based on the changes in the asset or liability each
period. If available evidence suggests that it is more likely than not that some
portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized, a valuation
allowance is required to reduce the deferred tax assets to the amount that is
more likely than not to be realized. Future changes in such valuation allowance
are included in the provision for deferred income taxes in the period of
change. Deferred income taxes may arise from temporary differences resulting
from income and expense items reported for financial accounting and tax purposes
in different periods. Deferred taxes are classified as current or non-current,
depending on the classification of assets and liabilities to which they relate.
Deferred taxes arising from temporary differences that are not related to an
asset or liability are classified as current or non-current depending on the
periods in which the temporary differences are expected to reverse.
The Company applies a more-likely-than-not recognition threshold for all tax
uncertainties. ASC Topic 740 only allows the recognition of those tax benefits
that have a greater than fifty percent likelihood of being sustained upon
examination by the taxing authorities. As of December 31, 2016, December 31,
2015 and November 30, 2015, the Company reviewed its tax positions and
determined there were no outstanding, or retroactive tax positions with less
than a 50% likelihood of being sustained upon examination by the taxing
authorities, therefore this standard has not had a material effect on the
Company.

                                       20


Stock Based Compensation
We will measure and recognize all stock based compensation at fair value at the
date of grant and recognize compensation expense over the service period for
awards expected to vest. Determining the fair value of stock based awards at the
grant date requires judgment, including estimating the share volatility, the
expected term the award will be outstanding, and the amount of the awards that
are expected to be forfeited. We will utilize the Black-Scholes option pricing
model or other industry accepted valuation model, as necessary, to determine the
fair value.
Newly Issued Accounting Pronouncements
No recently adopted or new accounting pronouncements have had, or are expected
to have, a material effect on the Company's net loss, financial position or cash
flows.
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
The following table provides our results of operations for the year ended
December 31, 2016, for the month ended December 31, 2015, and for the year ended
November 30, 2015. As of December 31, 2016, the Company has not generated any
revenue. This financial information should be read in conjunction with our
audited Financial Statements and Notes thereto.


                                            December 31, December 31, November 30,
                                                2016         2015         2015
Operating expenses:
General and administrative                   $57,825      $-           $2,529
Depreciation and amortization                1,900        158          1,900
Impairment of assets                         792          -            -
Professional fees                            152,876      2,850        37,123

Total operating expenses                     $213,393$3,008$41,552

Other expense:
Interest expense - related party             11,698       719          7,257
Total other expense                          $11,698$719$7,257
 Net loss before provision for income taxes  $225,091$3,727$48,809



Operating Expenses
Operating expenses increased $168,833 or 379% to $213,393 for the year ended
December 31, 2016 as compared to the thirteen-month period ended December 31,
2015. The significant components of this change were increases in general and
administrative expenses and professional fees. General and administrative
expenses increased $55,296 to $57,825 for the year ended December 31, 2016, as
compared to the thirteen-month period ended December 31, 2015. The components of
this change were an increase in licenses and permits, insurance and travel
expenses associated with developing the RumbleON business model and completing
the NextGen Acquisition.
Professional fees consist primarily of legal and accounting fees and costs
associated with: (i) financing activities; (ii) general corporate matters; (iii)
acquisitions; (iv) the preparation of quarterly and annual financial statements;
and (v) the filing of regulatory reports required of the Company for public
reporting purposes. Professional fees increased $112,903 or 282% to $152,876 for
the year ended December 31, 2016, as compared to the thirteen-month period ended
December 31, 2015. This increase was primarily a result of legal, accounting and
other professional fees and expenses incurred in connection with the: (i) change
of control transaction in August 2016; (ii) private placement of common stock
and convertible loan agreement transaction completed in November 2016; (iii)
NextGen Acquisition; and (iv) various corporate matters resulting from the
discontinuation of the Smart Server business strategy and the adoption of the
RumbleON business plan. For additional information, see Item 1 Business
"Background Overview", and Note 11 "Subsequent Events" in the Notes to the
Consolidated Financial Statements.
Interest expense-related party consist of interest on the convertible
note-related party and the note payable-related party. Interest expense-related
party increased $3,722 or 47% to $11,698 as a result of higher level debt
outstanding for the year ended December 31, 2016, as compared to the
thirteen-month period ended December 31, 2015. Included in interest expense is
$1,282 of interest related to the beneficial conversion feature on the
convertible note payable-related party.


                                       21



Liquidity and Capital Resources
The following table sets forth a summary of our cash flows for the year ended
December 31, 2016, for the month ended December 31, 2015, and for the year ended
November 30, 2015:


                                          December 31,  December 31, November 30,
                                              2016          2015         2015


Net cash used in operating activities      $(19,976)$(5,850)$(32,632)
Net cash used in investing activities      (45,515)      -
            -

Net cash provided by financing activities  1,412,358     8,000        28,000
Net increase/(decrease) in cash
            $1,346,867$2,150$(4,632)


Operating Activities
Net cash used in operating activities decreased $18,506 or 48% to $19,976 for
the year ended December 31, 2016, as compared to the thirteen-month period ended
December 31, 2015. The decrease in net cash used is primarily due to a $172,042
increase in our net loss offset by an increase in net working capital of
$208,635. The increase in the net loss for the year ended December 31, 2016 was
a result of beginning to incur startup costs and expenses in connection with the
development of the RumbleON business plan.
Investing Activities
Net cash used in investing activities increased $45,515 for the year ended
December 31, 2016, as compared to the thirteen-month period ended December 31,
2015. The cash used in investment activities was for the purchase of various
domain names. There was no cash used in investing activities for the month ended
December 31, 2015 and for the year ended November 30, 2015.
Financing Activities
Net cash provided by financing activities increased $1,376,358 to $1,412,358 for
the year ended December 31, 2016, compared with net cash provided by financing
activities of $36,000 during the thirteen-month period ended December 31, 2015.
This increase is primarily a result of the: (i) issuance of a $197,358
convertible note payable to Berrard Holdings Limited Partnership; (iii) issuance
of $17,000 in notes payable to E. Venture Resources Inc. and (ii) sale of
$1,354,000 of common stock in a private placement. These amounts were offset by
a $158,000 repayment of notes payable E. Venture Resources Inc. Cash
Requirements and Financing Transactions
As of December 31, 2016, the Company had a total of $1,350,580 in available
cash. If we were to not receive any additional funds, we could not continue in
business for the next 12 months with our currently available capital. Since
inception, we have financed our cash flow requirements through debt and equity
financing. As we expand our activities, we may, and most likely will, continue
to experience net negative cash flows from operations, pending the Company's
ability to generate sustainable cash flow from the implementation of its
business strategy and utilization of its e-commerce platform. See Item 1
Business "Background Overview" for a further discussion of the Company's
business strategy.
Since the completion of the Company's initial public offering it has funded its
business activities through a series of promissory notes with E. Venture
Resources, Inc., totaling $158,000. The terms of the promissory notes provide
for an interest rate of 6% per annum with all accrued balances due and payable
within 24 months of the date of the promissory note. During July 2016, the
Company repaid the entire amount of principal and accrued interest to E. Venture
Resources, Inc. During July 2016, the Company executed a convertible promissory
note with Berrard Holdings Limited Partnership for a total of $197,358. The
terms of the promissory notes provide for an interest rate of 6% per annum with
all accrued balances due and payable in July 2026. The debt is convertible into
shares of common stock at a per share price of $0.75.
On November 28, 2016, RumbleON completed a private placement (the "Private
Placement") with certain accredited investors (the "Purchasers"), with respect
to the sale of an aggregate of 900,000 shares of common stock of the Company at
a purchase price of $1.50 per share for total consideration of $1,350,000. In
connection with the Private Placement, the Company also entered into loan
agreements with the Purchasers pursuant to which the Purchasers will loan to the
Company their pro rata share of up to $1,350,000 in the aggregate upon the
request of the Company at any time on or after January 31, 2017 and before
November 1, 2020, pursuant to the terms of the convertible promissory note
attached to each of the Loan Agreements.
Our cash requirements for the next twelve months are significant and will
consist primarily of funds needed for: (i) our day-to-day operations; (ii)
capital expenditures associated with computer equipment and software
development; and (iii) the purchase of inventory held for sale. However,
additional funds may not be available when we need them, on terms that are
acceptable to us, or at all. Volatility in the credit markets may also have an
adverse effect on our ability to obtain debt financing.

                                       22



Even though we expect to begin generating revenue, we can make no assurances and
therefore we may incur operating losses in the next twelve months. Our limited
operating history makes predictions of future operating results difficult to
ascertain. Our prospects must be considered in light of the risks, expenses and
difficulties frequently encountered by companies in their early stage of
development, particularly companies in new and rapidly evolving markets. Such
risks for us include, but are not limited to, an evolving business model,
advancement of technology and the management of growth. To address these risks,
we must, among other things, continue our development of relevant applications,
stay abreast of changes in the marketplace, as well as implement and
successfully execute our business and marketing strategy. There can be no
assurance that we will be successful in addressing such risks, and the failure
to do so can have a material adverse effect on our business prospects, financial
condition and results of operations.
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations for NextGen
Background and Business Overview


On January 8, 2017, NextGen, Halcyon Consulting, LLC ("Halcyon"), and members of
Halcyon signatory thereto ("Halcyon Members" and together with Halcyon, the
"Halcyon Parties") entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement with Smart Server,
Inc. ("Smart Server"). NextGen and the Halcyon Parties are collectively referred
to as the "Seller Parties." The Agreement provides that, upon the terms and
subject to the conditions set forth in the Agreement, Smart Server would acquire
all of NextGen's assets, properties and rights of whatever kind, tangible and
intangible, other than the excluded assets under the terms of the Agreement.
Smart Server also would assume liability only for certain post-closing
contractual obligations pursuant to the terms of the Agreement, primarily
related to operating and maintaining the CyclePro application. Additionally,
Smart Server agreed to be responsible for certain payroll costs and operating
expenses of NextGen incurred after January 16, 2017 and through the closing of
the NextGen Acquisition, and 2) benefit from all revenue earned from January 16,
2017 forward. On February 8, 2017, prior to the closing of the NextGen
Acquisition, Smart Server assigned to NextGen Pro, LLC the right to acquire
NextGen's assets and liabilities (but not any other rights or obligations under
the NextGen Agreement). The transaction closed on February 8, 2017.
NextGen Pro, LLC acquired substantially all of the assets of NextGen in exchange
for the payment of approximately $750,000 in cash, the issuance to NextGen of
1,523,809 unregistered shares of common stock of the Company (the "Purchaser
Shares"), the issuance of a subordinated secured promissory note by Smart Server
in favor of the Company in the amount of $1,333,333 (the "Acquisition Note"),
and the assumption by NextGen Pro, LLC of certain specified liabilities of
NextGen. The Acquisition Note matures on the third anniversary of the date the
Acquisition Note is entered into (the "Maturity Date"). Interest will accrue on
the Acquisition Note (i) at a rate of 6.5% annually from the date the
Acquisition Note is entered into through the second anniversary of such date and
(ii) at a rate of 8.5% annually from the second anniversary of the date the
Acquisition Note is entered into through the Maturity Date.
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted
accounting principles of the United States ("GAAP") requires estimates and
assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, revenue
and expenses, and related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities in
the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. The Securities and
Exchange Commission (the "SEC") has defined a company's critical accounting
policies as the ones that are most important to the portrayal of the
company's financial condition and results of operations, and which require the
company to make its most difficult and subjective judgments, often as a result
of the need to make estimates of matters that are inherently uncertain. Based on
this definition, we have identified the critical accounting policies and
judgments addressed below. We also have other key accounting policies, which
involve the use of estimates, judgments, and assumptions that are significant to
understanding our results. Although we believe that our estimates, assumptions,
and judgments are reasonable, they are based upon information presently
available. Actual results may differ significantly from these estimates under
different assumptions, judgments, or conditions.


Use of Estimates
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted
accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that
affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of
contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and
the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual
results could differ from those estimates. Any adjustments applied to estimated
amounts are recognized in the year such adjustments are determined.
Software Capitalization
NextGen capitalizes the costs associated with the development of its software
solutions and website pursuant to ASC Topic 350, Intangibles - Goodwill and
Other. Other costs related to the maintenance of the software are expensed as
incurred. Amortization is provided over the estimated useful lives of seven
years using the straight-line method for financial statement purposes.

                                       23


Revenue Recognition
NextGen recognizes revenue when all of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) there is persuasive evidence of an arrangement; (2) the product or service
has been provided to the customer; (3) the amount of fees to be paid by the
customer is fixed or determinable; and (4) the collection of our fees is
probable. Dealers typically pay monthly subscription fees to access some or all
modules on an a la carte basis, as well as, in certain cases, implementation or
training fees.
Marketing and Advertising Costs
NextGen expenses marketing and advertising costs as incurred.
Newly Issued Accounting Pronouncements
No recently adopted or new accounting pronouncements have had, or are expected
to have, a material effect on NextGen's net loss, financial position or cash
flows.
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
The following table provides our results of operations for the year ended
December 31, 2016, and for the period from December 10, 2015 (inception) ended
on December 31, 2015. This financial information should be read in conjunction
with NextGen's audited Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes to the
Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8.

                                                            For the
                                                          period from
                                                       December 10, 2015
                                    For the year ended       thru
                                    December 31, 2016  December 31, 2015



Revenue:
Gross revenue                        $138,141$6,257

Cost and Expenses:
Cost of goods sold                   332,559            17,857
General and administrative expenses  1,586,002          96,608
                                     1,918,561          114,465
Operating Loss                       (1,780,420)        (108,208)

Other Income                         644                -

Net Loss                             $(1,779,776)$(108,208)



Revenue
Revenue consists of: (i) monthly subscription fees paid by dealers for access to
some (a la carte basis) or all modules that the Company offers; and (ii)
implementation and training fees. Subscription fees comprised approximately 80%
of total revenue for the year ended December 31, 2016, while implementation
accounted for the majority of the balance. Revenue increased $131,884 to
$138,141 for the year ended December 13, 2016 as compared to 2015 primarily as a
result of 2015 containing only 21 days in the period and an increase in new
customers during the year ended December 31, 2016.
Cost of Goods Sold
Cost of sales consists of amount paid by NextGen for: (i) various data feeds
from third parties; (ii) hosting of the customer facing website; (iii)
commissions for new sales; (iii) labor incurred in development activities which
include payroll and third-party contractors involved in application, content,
production, maintenance, operation, and platform development of internal-use
software and general website development; and (iv) implementation and training
of new and existing customers. These costs and expenses are charged to cost of
goods sold as incurred.For the year ended December 31, 2016 training costs and
hosting costs represented approximately 62% and 10%, respectively of Cost of
goods sold, with the cost of data feeds from information providers or integrated
software vendors representing the balance of costs.


                                       24


General and administrative
General and administrative for the year ended December 31, 2016 consisted of the
following:


                              December 31,       December 31,


                              2016         %     2015         %

Payroll                        $548,299     35%   $24,000      25%
Technology costs               384,442      24%   6,495        7%
Depreciation and amortization  253,468      16%   9,369        10%
Marketing                      100,035      6%    -            0%
Rent                           87,305       6%    4,314        4%
Other                          212,453      13%   524,430      54%
                               $1,586,002   100%  $96,608      100%



Technology expenditures include those costs that are not capitalized pursuant to
ASC 350, Intangibles - Goodwill and Other.Depreciation and amortization is
primarily comprised of the amortization on capitalized software and website.
Marketing includes the monthly fees and sales commissions earned by the
Company's Marketing Partner under a Marketing Services Agreement. For additional
information, see Note 3 "Related Party Transactions" in the Notes to the
Consolidated Financial Statements for NextGen.


Liquidity and Capital Resources
The following table summarizes cash flows from operations for the years ended
December 31, 2016 and 2015:

                                                                  For the
                                                                period from
                                                             December 10, 2015
                                          For the year ended      through
                                          December 31, 2016December 31, 2015
Net cash used in operating activities      $(1,111,190)       $-
Net cash used in investing activities      (341,919)          -
Net cash provided by financing activities  -
                  1,500,000
Net increase/(decrease) in cash            $(1,453,109)$1,500,000


Operating Activities
Net cash used in operating activities increased to $1,111,190 for the year ended
December 31, 2016, as compared to the same period in 2015. The increase in net
cash used is primarily due to a $1,671,568 increase in our net loss, offset by
an increase in net working capital of $408,860. The increase in the net loss for
the year ended December 31, 2016 was a result of continuing to incur startup
cost and expenses in connection with the development of the NextGen business
plan.
Investing Activities
Net cash used in investing activities increased $341,919 for the year ended
December 31, 2016, as compared to the same period of 2015. The cash used in
investment activities was for the capitalized costs and expenses associated with
the development of the Company's software solutions and website in accordance
with ASC Topic 350, Intangibles - Goodwill and Other. There was no cash used in
investing activities for the period ended December 31, 2015.
Financing Activities
There was no net cash provided by financing activities for the year ended
December 31, 2016. The Company financially sustained its activities for the year
ended December 31, 2016 from the initial contribution of $1,500,000 from an
investor in December, 2015

                                       25


Forward-Looking Statements
This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements and involves
risks and uncertainties that could materially affect expected results of
operations, liquidity, cash flows, and business prospects. These statements
include, among other things, statements that:
?
We have no operating history and we cannot assure you the Company will achieve
or maintain profitability;
?
The initial development and growth of our business over the first 24 months of
operations, and such growth may not be indicative of our future growth and, if
we continue to grow rapidly, we may not be able to manage our growth
effectively;
?
We may require additional capital to pursue our business objectives and respond
to business opportunities, challenges or unforeseen circumstances. If capital is
not available on terms acceptable to us or at all, we may not be able to develop
and grow our business as anticipated and our business, operating results and
financial condition may be harmed;
?
If key industry participants, including recreation vehicle dealers and
recreation vehicle manufacturers, perceive us in a negative light or our
relationships with them suffer harm, our ability to operate and grow our
business and our financial performance may be damaged;
?
We may be unable to maintain or grow relationships with information data
providers or may experience interruptions in the data feeds they provide, which
may limit the information that we are able to provide to our users and dealers
as well as adversely affect the timeliness of such information and may impair
our ability to attract or retain consumers and our dealers and to timely invoice
all parties;
?
If we suffer a significant interruption in our ability to gain access to
third-party data, our business and operating results will suffer;
?
The success of our business relies heavily on our marketing and branding
efforts, especially with respect to the RumbleON website and our branded mobile
applications, and these efforts may not be successful;
?
The failure to develop and maintain our brand could harm our ability to grow
unique visitor traffic and to expand our dealer network;
?
We will rely on Internet search engines to drive traffic to our website, and if
we fail to appear prominently in the search results, our traffic would decline
and our business would be adversely affected;
?
A significant disruption in service on our website or of our mobile applications
could damage our reputation and result in a loss of consumers, which could harm
our business, brand, operating results, and financial condition;
?
If we are unable to provide a compelling recreation vehicle buying experience to
our users, the number of transactions between our users, RumbleON and dealers
will decline and our revenue and results of operations will suffer harm;
?
The growth of our business relies significantly on our ability to increase the
number of dealers in our network such that we are able to increase the number of
transactions between our users and dealers. Failure to do so would limit our
growth;
?
Our ability to grow our complementary product offerings may be limited, which
could negatively impact our development, growth, revenue and financial
performance;
?
We will be relying on third-party financing providers to finance a significant
portion of our customers' vehicle purchases;
?
Retail sales of recreational vehicles by the Company may be adversely impacted
by increased supply of and/or declining prices for used recreational vehicles
and excess supply of new recreational vehicles;
?
We rely on a number of third parties to perform certain operating and
administrative functions for the Company;
?
We participate in a highly competitive market, and pressure from existing and
new companies may adversely affect our business and operating results;
?
Seasonality or weather trends may cause fluctuations in our unique visitors,
revenue and operating results;
?
We collect, process, store, share, disclose and use personal information and
other data, and our actual or perceived failure to protect such information and
data could damage our reputation and brand and harm our business and operating
results;
?
Failure to adequately protect our intellectual property could harm our business
and operating results;
?
We may in the future be subject to intellectual property disputes, which are
costly to defend and could harm our business and operating results;
?
We depend on key personnel to operate our business, and if we are unable to
retain, attract and integrate qualified personnel, our ability to develop and
successfully grow our business could be harmed;
?
We may acquire other companies or technologies, which could divert our
management's attention, result in additional dilution to our stockholders and
otherwise disrupt our operations and harm our operating results;


                                       26



?
We may not be able to protect our proprietary technology;
?
There has been a limited public market for our common stock, and we do not know
if one will develop that will provide you with adequate liquidity. The trading
price for our common stock may be volatile and could be subject to wide
fluctuations;
?
Our principal stockholders and management own a significant percentage of our
stock and an even greater percentage of the Company's voting power and will be
able to exert significant control over matters subject to stockholder approval;
?
The pro forma financial statements were presented for illustrative purposes only
and may not be an indication of our financial condition or results of operations
following the NextGen Acquisition;
?
Because our common stock is deemed a low-priced "penny" stock, an investment in
our common stock should be considered high risk and subject to marketability
restrictions;
?
Our internal controls may be inadequate which could cause our financial
reporting to be unreliable and lead to misinformation being disseminated to the
public;
?
If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports about our
business, or if they issue an adverse or misleading opinion regarding our stock,
our stock price and trading volume could decline;
?
Our annual and quarterly operating results may fluctuate significantly or may
fall below the expectations of investors or securities analysts, each of which
may cause our stock price to fluctuate or decline;
?
Raising additional funds through debt or equity financing could be dilutive and
may cause the market price of our common stock to decline;
?
Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market
could cause our stock price to fall;
?
Future sales and issuances of our common stock or rights to purchase our common
stock could result in additional dilution of the percentage ownership of our
stockholders and could cause our stock price to fall;
?
We do not intend to pay dividends on our common stock so any returns will be
limited to the value of our stock;
?
We are an "emerging growth company" under the JOBS Act of 2012, and we cannot be
certain if the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth
companies will make our common stock less attractive to investors;
?
Even if we no longer qualify as an "emerging growth company", we may still be
subject to reduced reporting requirements so long as we are considered a
"smaller reporting company";
?
We may not be able to adequately protect our intellectual property rights or may
be accused of infringing intellectual property rights of third parties;
?
Our auditor's report reflects the fact that the ability of the Company to
continue as a going concern is dependent upon its ability to raise additional
capital from the sale of common stock and, ultimately the achievement of
significant operating revenue. If we are unable to continue as a going concern,
you will lose your investment;
?
other risks and uncertainties detailed in this report;

as well as other statements regarding our future operations, financial condition
and prospects, and business strategies. Forward-looking statements may appear
throughout this report, including without limitation, the following sections:
Item 1 "Business," Item 1A "Risk Factors," and Item 7. "Management's Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations." Forward-looking
statements generally can be identified by words such as "anticipates,"
"believes," "estimates," "expects," "intends," "plans," "predicts," "projects,"
"will be," "will continue," "will likely result," and similar expressions. These
forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions
that are subject to risks and uncertainties, which could cause our actual
results to differ materially from those reflected in the forward-looking
statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include,
but are not limited to, those discussed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and
in particular, the risks discussed under the caption "Risk Factors" in Item 1A
and those discussed in other documents we file with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (SEC). We undertake no obligation to revise or publicly release the
results of any revision to these forward-looking statements, except as required
by law. Given these risks and uncertainties, readers are cautioned not to place
undue reliance on such forward-looking statements.
Item 7A.
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.
This item in not applicable as we are currently considered a smaller reporting
company.
Item 8.
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.
See Index to Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules beginning on
page F-1 of this Form 10-K.
Item 9.
Changes In and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial
Disclosure.
On December 16, 2016, the Board approved the dismissal of Seale and Beers, CPAs
("Seale and Beers") as the Company's independent registered public accounting
firm, effective December 16, 2016.
Seale and Beers audited the Company's financial statements for the years ended
November 30, 2015 and November 30, 2014. Seale and Beers' reports on the
Company's financial statements for the years ended November 30, 2015 and
November 30, 2014 did not contain any adverse opinion or disclaimer of opinion,
nor were the reports qualified or modified as to uncertainty, audit scope or
accounting principles. However, the Seale and Beers' reports on the Company's
financial statements for the years ended November 30, 2015 and November 30, 2014
each contained an explanatory paragraph noting there was substantial doubt as to
the Company's ability to continue as a going concern.
In connection with Seale and Beers' audit of the Company's financial statements
for the fiscal years ended November 30, 2015 and November 30, 2014 and through
the subsequent interim period ended December 16, 2016, the Company has had no
disagreement with Seale and Beers on any matter of accounting principles or
practices, financial statement disclosure or auditing scope or procedure, which
disagreement, if not resolved to the satisfaction of Seale and Beers, would have
caused Seale and Beers to make a reference to the subject matter of the
disagreements in connection with its reports on the financial statements for the
fiscal year ended November 30, 2015 and November 30, 2014.
The Company provided Seale and Beers a copy of the disclosures it is making in
this report and requested that Seale and Beers furnish a letter addressed to the
SEC stating whether it agrees with the statements made by the Company in this
report and, if not, stating the respects in which it does not agree. A copy of
such letter is attached as Exhibit 16.1 to this report.
On December 20, 2016, the Board also approved the engagement of Scharf Pera &
Co., PLLC ("Scharf Pera") as the Company's independent registered public
accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2016. The engagement of
Scharf Pera was effective December 20, 2016. During the fiscal years ended
November 30, 2014 and November 30, 2015, and the subsequent interim period
through December 20, 2016, neither the Company nor anyone on its behalf
consulted with Scharf Pera regarding either (i) the application of accounting
principles to a specific completed or proposed transaction or the type of audit
opinion that might be rendered on the Company's financial statements, and Scharf
Pera did not provide written reports or oral advice that was an important factor
considered by the Company in reaching a decision as to any accounting, auditing
or financial reporting issue during such periods or (ii) any matter that was
either the subject of a disagreement (as defined in Item 304(a)(i)(iv) of
Regulation S-K and related instructions to such item) or a reportable event (as
described in Item 304(a)(i)(v) of Regulation S-K).

                                       27


Item 9A.
Controls and Procedures.
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures
Our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, Marshall
Chesrown and Steven R. Berrard, have evaluated the effectiveness of our
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the
Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this Report. Based on their
evaluation, Messrs. Chesrown and Berrard concluded that our disclosure controls
and procedures are designed at a reasonable assurance level and are effective to
provide reasonable assurance that information we are required to disclose in the
reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed,
summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules
and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our
management, including our chief executive officer and principal financial
officer, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely
decisions regarding required disclosure.
Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal
control, as is defined in the Exchange Act. These internal controls are designed
to provide reasonable assurance that the reported financial information is
presented fairly, that disclosures are adequate and that the judgments inherent
in the preparation of financial statements are reasonable. There are inherent
limitations in the effectiveness of any system of internal controls, including
the possibility of human error and overriding of controls. Consequently, an
effective internal control system can only provide reasonable, not absolute,
assurance with respect to reporting financial information.
Our internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures
that: (i) pertain to maintaining records that in reasonable detail accurately
and fairly reflect our transactions; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that
transactions are recorded as necessary for preparation of our financial
statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and the
receipts and expenditures of company assets are made and in accordance with our
management and directors authorization; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance
regarding the prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or
disposition of assets that could have a material effect on our financial
statements.
Management has undertaken an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting based on the framework and criteria established
in the Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission ("COSO"). Based upon this
evaluation, management concluded that our internal control over financial
reporting was effective as of December 31, 2016.
This annual report does not include an attestation report of our registered
public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting.
Management's report was not subject to attestation by our registered public
accounting firm pursuant to the temporary rules of the Securities and Exchange
Commission that permit the company to provide only the management's report in
this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during our most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or
reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial
reporting.
Item 9B.
Other Information.
As described elsewhere in this Form 10-K, on February 8, 2017, the Closing Date,
RumbleON completed its previously announced acquisition of substantially all of
the assets of NextGen in exchange for $750,000 in cash, the Purchaser Shares and
the Acquisition Note.
Before the NextGen Acquisition, we were a "shell company" (as such term is
defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or
the Exchange Act). As a result of the NextGen Acquisition, we have ceased to be
a "shell company." The information contained in this Item 9B, together with
other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ended December 31, 2016 constitute the current "Form 10 information" necessary
to satisfy the conditions contained in Rule 144(i)(2) under the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended, and Item 2.01(f) of Form 8-K.
This Item 9B contains summaries of the material terms of various agreements
executed in connection with the NextGen Acquisition described herein. The
summaries of these agreements are subject to, and are qualified in their
entirety by, reference to these agreements, which are filed as exhibits to this
Form 10-K and are incorporated in this Form 10-K by reference.

                                       28


This Item 9B and other portions of this Form 10-K also respond to the following
Items in Form 8-K:
Item 1.01.
Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.
Item 2.01.
Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
Item 2.03.
Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.
Item 3.02.
Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.
Item 5.02.
Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment
of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.
Item 5.06.
Change in Shell Company Status.
Item 9.01.
Financial Statements and Exhibits.

Agreements Related to the NextGen Acquisition
Stockholders' Agreement
In connection with the NextGen Acquisition, the Company, Berrard Holdings
Limited Partnership ("Berrard Holdings"), Steven R. Berrard, (with Berrard
Holdings, the "Berrard Holders"), Marshall Chesrown, the Seller Parties, and
other stockholders of the Company who are parties to the prior Stockholders'
Agreement dated October 24, 2016 (together with Mr. Chesrown and the Berrard
Holders, the "Stockholders") entered into an Amended and Restated Stockholders'
Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date (the "Stockholders' Agreement"), whereby
the parties agreed to take all necessary actions to (i) set the size of the
board of directors of the Company at six (6) members, (ii) elect to the board of
directors of the Company three (3) directors designated by Mr. Chesrown, until
the date when Mr. Chesrown's equity holdings in the Company fall below the
Minimum Threshold (as defined in the Stockholders' Agreement), and (iii) elect
to the board of directors of the Company one (1) director designated by Mr.
Berrard, until the date when Mr. Berrard's equity holdings in the Company fall
below the Minimum Threshold.
The Stockholders' Agreement restricts the stockholders' ability to transfer
shares of our common stock through the earlier of (i) October 19, 2017, or (ii)
the date on which the Company receives at least $3,500,000 in proceeds of any
equity financing (the "Restricted Period"), subject to certain exceptions. The
Stockholders' Agreement limits the number of shares of our common stock that may
be sold immediately following the NextGen Acquisition. Subject to certain
limitations, including sales volume limitations with respect to shares held by
our affiliates, substantially all of our outstanding shares prior to the NextGen
Acquisition will become eligible for sale upon expiration of the Restricted
Period.
The Stockholders' Agreement grants certain major stockholders of the Company the
right to require the other stockholders signatory to the Stockholders' Agreement
to participate in any transaction that constitutes a sale of the Company's
business (whether via merger, asset sale, tender offer or otherwise). The
exercise of the right is subject to certain customary conditions, limitations
and procedural requirements and, in some circumstances, is conditioned on a
prior approval of the transaction by the Company's Board of Directors. Where the
sale of the Company's business is accomplished through a direct sale of
securities representing more than 50% of the issued and outstanding common stock
of the Company, certain major stockholder have an obligation to exercise the
drag-along rights described in this paragraph. The drag-along rights, including
the obligation to exercise such rights in certain circumstances, expire on
December 31, 2018.
The Stockholders' Agreement requires each stockholder signatory thereto (other
than Steven Berrard, Berrard Holdings Limited Partnership and Marshall Chesrown)
to make an offer to sell their shares of stock in the Company to the Company,
Steven Berrard, Berrard Holdings Limited Partnership and Marshall Chesrown prior
to seeking to transfer such shares to any other person. In addition, Steven
Berrard and Berrard Holdings Limited Partnership on the one hand and Marshall
Chesrown on the other hand have agreed that each would grant the other party the
right to purchase its shares of the Company's stock before transferring such
shares to any other person. The rights described in this paragraph are subject
to certain customary conditions, limitations and procedural requirements and
terminate on the earlier of June 30, 2018 and the date on which certain
stockholders elect to terminate such rights by written notice to the other
stockholders signatory hereto. The Stockholders' Agreement also contains certain
procedural and information rights related to the election of directors.
This description of the Stockholders' Agreement is qualified in its entirety by
reference to the Stockholders' Agreement, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit
10.1 to this 2016 Form 10-K and is incorporated into this report by reference.
Registration Rights Agreement
In connection with the NextGen Acquisition, the Company entered into a
Registration Rights Agreement (the "Registration Rights Agreement"), with
certain of the Seller Parties, as Company stockholders, pursuant to which the
Company will register the Purchaser Shares for resale. Under the terms of the
Registration Rights Agreement, the Company will be required to file a
registration statement on an appropriate form covering the resale of the
Purchaser Shares no later than June 30, 2017.
This description of the Registration Rights Agreement is qualified in its
entirety by reference to the Registration Rights Agreement, a copy of which is
filed as Exhibit 10.2 to this 2016 Form 10-K and is incorporated into this
report by reference.
Consulting Agreement
In connection with the NextGen Acquisition, the Company entered into a
Consulting Agreement with Kartik Kakarala, who formerly served as the Chief
Executive Officer of NextGen and now serves as a director of the Company (the
"Consulting Agreement"). Pursuant to the Consulting Agreement, Mr. Kakarala will
serve as a consultant to the Company. The Consulting Agreement may be cancelled
by either party, effective upon delivery of a written notice to the other party.
Mr. Kakarala's compensation pursuant to the Consulting Agreement will be $5,000
per month.
This description of the Consulting Agreement into this report is qualified by
reference to the Consulting Agreement, a copy of which is filed with this report
as Exhibit 10.3 to this 2016 Form 10-K and is incorporated into this report by
reference.
Services Agreement
In connection with the NextGen Acquisition, the Company entered into a Services
Agreement with Halcyon to provide development and support services to the
Company (the "Services Agreement"). Pursuant to the Services Agreement, the
Company will pay Halcyon hourly fees for specific services, set forth in the
Services Agreement, and such fees may increase on an annual basis, provided that
the rates may not be higher than 110% of the immediately preceding year's rates.
The Company will reimburse Halcyon for any reasonable travel and pre-approved
out-of-pocket expenses in connection with its services to the Company.

                                       29


The Services Agreement has a term of 24 months from the Closing Date (the
"Initial Term"), and automatically renews thereafter for additional, consecutive
12-month renewal periods unless either party provides the other party notice of
non-renewal at least 90 days prior to expiration of the then-current term.
Either party may terminate the Services Agreement immediately (i) upon written
notice if the other party materially breaches any of its obligations and fails
to cure such breach within 30 days of notice thereof or (ii) if the other party
makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors, is subject of a
petition for bankruptcy, has a receiver appointed or is otherwise declared
insolvent or if the Company is liquidated. The Company may terminate the
Services Agreement immediately by written notice to Halcyon if Halcyon violates
any applicable law in the performance of its services to the Company.
Additionally, the Company and Halcyon may mutually agree in writing to terminate
the Services Agreement at any time. The Company or Halcyon may terminate the
Services Agreement or any services thereunder at any time after the Initial Term
upon 90 days' prior written notice to the other.
This description of the Services Agreement into this report is qualified by
reference to the Services Agreement, a copy of which is filed with this report
as Exhibit 10.4 and is incorporated into this report by reference.
Data Agreement
Additionally, and in connection with the NextGen Acquisition, as described
above, the Company and Cycle Express, LLC ("Cycle Express"), entered into a Data
Confidentiality Agreement, dated February 8, 2017 (the "Data Agreement"). Among
other things, the Data Agreement allows Cycle Express to provide to the Company
certain non-public confidential auction data ("Confidential Information"),
including an agreed upon number of NPA Value Guide API look-ups per year, for
the agreed upon monthly fee to be used for (i) trade-in appraisals and inventory
valuation in the Company's product known as "CyclePro" or (ii) the Company's
products that aggregate Confidential Information with other proprietary data
available to the Company and deliver the aggregated data or analysis derived
therefrom to the Company's customers without attribution of individual sources
of data. Other than usual and customary exceptions, the parties agreed that all
Confidential Information provided to the Company would remain confidential and
would not be used by the Company for any purpose other than the purposes
described above. The Data Agreement has a term of 1 year unless earlier
terminated by Cycle Express pursuant to the terms of that agreement.

The above description of the Data Agreement is qualified in its entirety by
reference to the Data Agreement, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit
10.5 to this Form 10-K and is incorporated into this report by reference.
Accounting Treatment
The NextGen Acquisition will be accounted for by us an asset acquisition rather
than a reverse recapitalization. The Company considered a number of factors in
reaching this conclusion, including:
?
the Company's efforts before the acquisition to developing the technology and
business acquired;
?
the Company's assessment that we did not intend to pursue NextGen's business
model exclusively but rather that the NextGen Acquisition would accelerate our
efforts to build our business;
?
the Company's assumption of operating control of NextGen and, that current Board
and executive officers of the Company will continue as management of the
combined company;
?
the Purchaser Shares paid as part of the consideration to the Seller Parties
represent only 19.2% of the total shares of common stock issued and outstanding
after the transaction; and
?
voting control over shareholder matters remains with Marshall Chesrown and
Steven R. Berrard (the "Controlling Shareholders"), both of whom are members of
our Board of Directors and executive officers of the Company and who in
aggregate control approximately 80.2% of the outstanding voting power of the
Company as of February 13, 2017.
Change in Shell Company Status
Before the NextGen Acquisition, which is described in Part I, Item 1 of this
report, we were a "shell company". As a result of the NextGen Acquisition, we
have ceased to be a "shell company." The information contained in this Form 10-K
constitutes the current "Form 10 information" necessary to satisfy the
conditions contained in Rule 144(i)(2) under the Securities Act.
Appointment of Principal Accounting Officer and Director
Effective as of the Effective Date, the Company's Board of Directors appointed
Steven Berrard, the Company's Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and a director,
as principal accounting officer of the Company, and Kartik Kakarala as a
director of the Company.

                                       30


Sales of Unregistered Securities
Since January 1, 2017, the Company has issued the following unregistered
securities:
(1)      On the Closing Date, the Company issued 1,523,809 unregistered shares
of Common Stock to NextGen; and
(2)
On the Effective Date, the Company issued to (i) Mr. Chesrown 875,000
unregistered shares of Class A Common Stock in exchange for an equal number of
shares of Class B Common Stock held by Mr. Chesrown, and (ii) Mr. Berrard
125,000 shares of Class A Common Stock in exchange for an equal number of shares
of Class B Common Stock held by Mr. Berrard.
Neither of the foregoing transactions involved any underwriters, underwriting
discounts or commissions, or any public offering. We believe the offer, sale and
issuance of the shares in Item (1) above was exempt from registration under the
Securities Act by virtue of Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and Regulation
D thereunder as an issuance of securities not involving a public offering, and
in Item (2) above by virtue of Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act as a
security exchanged by an issuer with existing security holders where no
commission or other remuneration is paid or given directly or indirectly for
soliciting such exchange.
Description of Our Securities
General
The following is a summary of the rights of our Common Stock and preferred stock
and of certain provisions of our Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws in effect
upon the completion of the NextGen Acquisition. For more detailed information,
please see our Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws, which are filed as exhibits
to this Form 10-K.
Common Stock

Our Articles of Incorporation authorizes the issuance of 100,000,000 shares of
common stock, $0.001 par value per share (the "Common Stock"), of which
1,000,000 shares are designated as Class A Common Stock (the "Class A Common
Stock") and all other shares of Common Stock are designated as Class B Common
Stock (the "Class B Common Stock"). The Class A Common Stock ranks pari passu
with all of the rights and privileges of the Class B Common Stock, except that
holders of the Class A Common Stock are entitled to ten votes per share of Class
A Common Stock issued and outstanding. The Class B Common Stock will be
identical to the Class A Common Stock in all respects, except that holders of
the Class B Common Stock will be entitled to one vote per share of Class B
Common Stock issued and outstanding. Our Class B Common Stock is registered
pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Securities Act. As of February 13, 2017,
1,000,000 shares of Class A Common Stock and 6,923,809 shares of Class B Common
Stock were issued and outstanding.
Holders of shares of Common Stock are entitled to share ratably in dividends, if
any, as may be declared, from time to time by the Board of Directors in its
discretion, from funds legally available to be distributed. In the event of a
liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, the holders of shares of
Common Stock are entitled to share pro rata all assets remaining after payment
in full of all liabilities and the prior payment to the preferred stockholders
if any. Holders of Common Stock have no preemptive rights to purchase our Common
Stock. There are no conversion rights or redemption or sinking fund provisions
with respect to the Common Stock.
Preferred Stock


Our Articles of Incorporation authorize the issuance of 10,000,000 shares of
preferred stock, $0.001 par value per share, of which no shares were outstanding
as of the date of this Report. The preferred stock may be issued from time to
time by the Board of Directors as shares of one or more classes or series
without further action or vote by the stockholders.


                                       31



One of the effects of undesignated preferred stock may be to enable the Board of
Directors to render more difficult or to discourage an attempt to obtain control
of us by means of a tender offer, proxy contest, merger or otherwise, and
thereby to protect the continuity of our management. The issuance of shares of
preferred stock pursuant to the Board of Director's authority described above
may adversely affect the rights of holders of common stock.
Registration Rights
In connection with the NextGen Acquisition, the Company entered into a
Registration Rights Agreement (the "Registration Rights Agreement"), with
certain of the Seller Parties, as Company stockholders, pursuant to which the
Company will register the Purchaser Shares for resale. Under the terms of the
Registration Rights Agreement, the Company will be required to file a
registration statement on an appropriate form covering the resale of the
Purchaser Shares no later than June 30, 2017.
This description of the Registration Rights Agreement is qualified in its
entirety by reference to the Registration Rights Agreement, a copy of which is
filed as Exhibit 10.2 to this report and is incorporated into this report by
reference.
Nevada Laws


The Nevada Business Corporation Law contains a provision governing "Acquisition
of Controlling Interest." This law provides generally that any person or entity
that acquires 20% or more of the outstanding voting shares of a publicly-held
Nevada corporation in the secondary public or private market may be denied
voting rights with respect to the acquired shares, unless a majority of the
disinterested stockholders of the corporation elects to restore such voting
rights in whole or in part. The control share acquisition act provides that a
person or entity acquires "control shares" whenever it acquires shares that, but
for the operation of the control share acquisition act, would bring its voting
power within any of the following three ranges:
?
20 to 33%
?
33% to 50%
?
more than 50%.

A "control share acquisition" is generally defined as the direct or indirect
acquisition of either ownership or voting power associated with issued and
outstanding control shares. The stockholders or board of directors of a
corporation may elect to exempt the stock of the corporation from the provisions
of the control share acquisition act through adoption of a provision to that
effect in the articles of incorporation or bylaws of the corporation. Our
Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws do exempt our Common Stock from the control
share acquisition act.
Transfer Agent and Registrar
The transfer agent and registrar for our Common Stock is West Coast Stock
Transfer, Inc., 721 N. Vulcan Ave., Suite 205, Encinitas, CA 92024.
Indemnification of Directors and Officers
Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of
1933 (the "Act") may be permitted to our directors, officers and controlling
persons pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, we have been advised
that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission such
indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Act and is,
therefore, unenforceable.


No director of the Company will have personal liability to us or any of our
stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director
involving any act or omission of any such director since provisions have been
made in our Articles of Incorporation limiting such liability. The foregoing
provisions shall not eliminate or limit the liability of a director for:


?
any breach of the director's duty of loyalty to us or our stockholders;
?
acts or omissions not in good faith or, which involve intentional misconduct or
a knowing violation of law;
?
under applicable Sections of the Nevada Revised Statutes;
?
the payment of dividends in violation of Section 78.300 of the Nevada Revised
Statutes; or
?
for any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal
benefit.


The Bylaws provide for indemnification of our directors, officers, and employees
in most cases for any liability suffered by them or arising out of their
activities as directors, officers, and employees if they were not engaged in
willful misfeasance or malfeasance in the performance of his or her duties;
provided that in the event of a settlement the indemnification will apply only
when the Board of Directors approves such settlement and reimbursement as being
for our best interests. The Bylaws, therefore, limit the liability of directors
to the maximum extent permitted by Nevada law (Section 78.751).
Our officers and directors are accountable to us as fiduciaries, which means,
they are required to exercise good faith and fairness in all dealings affecting
the Company. In the event that a stockholder believes the officers and/or
directors have violated their fiduciary duties, the stockholder may, subject to
applicable rules of civil procedure, be able to bring a class action or
derivative suit to enforce the stockholder's rights, including rights under
certain federal and state securities laws and regulations to recover damages
from and require an accounting by management. Stockholders, who have suffered
losses in connection with the purchase or sale of their interest in the Company
in connection with such sale or purchase, including the misapplication by any
such officer or director of the proceeds from the sale of these securities, may
be able to recover such losses from us.


                                       32


PART III
Item 10.
Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.
Directors and Executive Officers
Below are the names of and certain information regarding our current executive
officers and directors:
Name                Age   Position
Marshall Chesrown   59    Chief Executive Officer and Chairman
Steven R. Berrard   62    Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Director
Denmar Dixon        54    Director
Kartik Kakarala     39    Director
Mitch Pierce        59    Director
Kevin Westfall      61    Director


Marshall Chesrown has served as our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman since
October 24, 2016. Mr. Chesrown has over 35 years of leadership experience in the
automotive retail sector. From December 2014 to September 2016, Mr. Chesrown
served as Chief Operating Officer and as a director of Vroom.com, an online
direct car retailer. Mr. Chesrown served as Chief Operating Officer of
AutoAmerica, an automotive retail company, from May 2013 to November 2014.
Previously, Mr. Chesrown served as the President of Chesrown Automotive Group
from January 1985 to May 2013, which was acquired by AutoNation, Inc.
("AutoNation"), a leading automotive retail company, in 1997. Mr. Chesrown
served as Senior Vice President of Retail Operations for AutoNation from 1997 to
1999. From 1999 to 2013, Mr. Chesrown served as the Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer of Blackrock Development, a real estate development company widely known
for development of the nationally recognized Golf Club at Black Rock.
We believe that Mr. Chesrown possesses specific attributes that qualify him to
serve as a member of our board of directors, including his extensive experience
in the automotive retail sector.
Steven R. Berrard has served as our Chief Financial Officer since January 9,
2017 and served as Interim Chief Financial Officer from July 13, 2016 through
January 9, 2017 and as Chief Executive Officer from July 13, 2016 through
October 24, 2016. Mr. Berrard has also served as Secretary and a director of the
Company since July 13, 2016. Mr. Berrard has served as a director of Walter
Investment Management Corp. ("Walter Investment") since March 2010. He has
served, and continues to serve, on the Compensation and Human Resources
Committeeof Walter Investment since March 2010, and he served on the Audit
Committee of Walter Investment from May 2010 until February 2013. He currently
also serves on the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and the Finance
Committee of Walter Investment. Mr. Berrard served on the Board of Directors of
Swisher Hygiene Inc., a publicly traded industry leader in hygiene solutions and
products, from 2004 until May 2014. Mr. Berrard is the Managing Partner of New
River Capital Partners, a private equity fund he co-founded in 1997. Mr. Berrard
was the co-founder and Co-Chief Executive Officer of AutoNation, Inc.
("AutoNation"), a leading automotive retail company, from 1996 to 1999. Prior to
joining AutoNation, Mr. Berrard served as President and Chief Executive Officer
of the Blockbuster Entertainment Group, at the time the world's largest video
store operator. Mr. Berrard served as President of Huizenga Holdings, Inc., a
real estate management and development company, and served in various positions
with subsidiaries of Huizenga Holdings, Inc. from 1981 to 1987. Mr. Berrard was
employed by Coopers & Lybrand (now PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP ("PwC")) from 1976
to 1981. Mr. Berrard currently serves on the Board of Directors of Pivotal
Fitness, Inc., a chain of fitness centers operating in a number of markets in
the United States. Mr. Berrard earned his B.S. in Accounting from Florida
Atlantic University.
We believe that Mr. Berrard's management experience and financial expertise is
beneficial in guiding the Company's strategic direction. He has served in senior
management and/or on the Board of Directors of several prominent, publicly
traded companies. In several instances, he has led significant growth of the
businesses he has managed. In addition, Mr. Berrard has served as the Chairman
of the audit committee of several boards of directors.
Denmar Dixon has served on our board of directors since January 9, 2017. Mr.
Dixon has served as a director of Walter Investment since April 2009 (and its
predecessor since December 2008). Effective October 2015, Mr. Dixon was promoted
to the positions of Chief Executive Officer and President of Walter Investment.
Mr. Dixon has also served as Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors and
Executive Vice President of Walter Investment since January 2010 and Chief
Investment Officer of Walter Investment since August 2013. Prior to becoming an
executive officer of Walter Investment, he also had served as a member of Walter
Investment's Board of Directors' Audit Committee and Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee and as Chairman of the Compensation and Human Resources
Committee (Mr. Dixon resigned from each of these committee positions immediately
prior to his appointment as the Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors and
Executive Vice President of the Company). Prior to serving on the Board of
Directors of Walter Investment, Mr. Dixon was elected to the Board of Managers
of JWH Holding Company, LLC ("JWHHC"), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Walter
Industries, Inc., in anticipation of the spin-off of Walter Investment
Management, LLC ("WIM") from Walter Industries, Inc. (now known as Walter
Energy, Inc.). In 2008, Mr. Dixon founded Blue Flame Capital, LLC, a consulting,
financial advisory and investment firm. Prior to forming Blue Flame Capital,
LLC, Mr. Dixon spent 23 years with Banc of America Securities, LLC ("Banc of
America") and its predecessors. At the time of his retirement, Mr. Dixon was a
Managing Director in the Corporate and Investment Banking group and held the
position of Global Head of the Basic Industries group.

                                       33


We believe that Mr. Dixon possesses specific attributes that qualify him to
serve as a member of our board of directors, including his extensive business
development, mergers and acquisitions and capital markets/investment banking
experience within the financial services industry. As a director, he provides
significant input into, and is actively involved in, leading the Company's
business activities and strategic planning efforts. Mr. Dixon has significant
experience in the general industrial, consumer and business services industries.
Kartik Kakarala was appointed to our board of directors immediately following
the completion of the NextGen Acquisition in February 2017. Mr. Kakarala is the
Chief Executive Officer of Halcyon Technologies, a global software solutions
company with over 280 employees worldwide. He is responsible for sales, business
development and innovation, as well as the creation of technology assets. He has
been responsible for the growth of a number of strategic, horizontal
competencies, and vertical business units like automotive, utilities, finance
and healthcare practices. Mr. Kakarala has served as the Chief Executive Officer
and President of NextGen from January 2016 to February 2017, which was acquired
by the Company in February 2017, providing inventory management solutions to the
powersports, recreational vehicle and marine sectors in North America. He served
as Chief Executive Officer and President of NextGenAuto from July 2013 to
December 2015. Mr. Kakarala served as Chief Executive Officer of ECarTag
solutions since 2014, which provides unique wireless pricing solutions to
automotive dealers. He served as Director/Co-Founder of Vehicle Systems since
2013 which provides vehicle purchase program solutions. Mr. Kakarala has served
as Co-Founder and Managing Partner of RedBumper from July 2010 to August 2014, a
company which provided used car inventory management solutions used by thousands
of automotive dealers across North America and which was later acquired by ADP
in 2014. Mr. Kakarala served as Director/Co-Founder of GridFirst solutions since
2012, a company providing home automation solutions to energy customers. Mr.
Kakarala holds a Master's degree in Computer Science from University of Houston.
We believe that Mr. Kakarala possesses specific attributes that qualify him to
serve as a member of our board of directors, as he is regarded as a pioneer in
developing several systems in the automotive industry including CRM, ERP,
inventory management and financial applications.
Mitch Pierce has served on our board of directors since January 9, 2017. Mr.
Pierce has over 35 years of leadership experience in the automotive retail
sector. Mr. Pierce served as the President of Tempe Toyota Group from January
1985 to June 1997, which was acquired by AutoNation, Inc. ("AutoNation"), a
leading automotive retail company, in 1997. Mr. Pierce served as a Regional Vice
President of Retail Operations for AutoNation from 1997 to 2003. Mr. Pierce
currently owns one of the five largest Toyota stores in United States and is a
partner in six other major auto dealerships. Mr. Pierce is a board member of the
Southern California Toyota Dealers. He served on the National Dealer Council for
Toyota Dealers in 1996-97. He is Past Chairman of the Arizona Automobile Dealer
Association.
We believe that Mr. Pierce possesses specific attributes that qualify him to
serve as a member of our board of directors, including his more than 30 years of
executive experience in the automotive retail sector and broad base of business
knowledge and experience.
Kevin Westfall has served on our board of directors since January 9, 2017. Mr.
Westfall previously held various executive roles including Senior Vice President
of Sales and Senior Vice President of Automotive Finance at AutoNation, founder
of BMW Financial Services, President of World Automotive Imports and Leasing and
Retail Lease Manager of Chrysler Credit Corporation.
We believe that Mr. Westfall possesses specific attributes that qualify him to
serve as a member of our board of directors, including his more than 30 years of
executive experience in automotive retail and finance operations.
Director Independence
We are not currently subject to listing requirements of any national securities
exchange that has requirements that a majority of the board of directors be
"independent." Nevertheless, we expect that our board of directors will
determine that all of our directors, other than Messrs. Chesrown, Berrard, and
Kakarala, qualify as "independent" directors in accordance with listing
requirements of The NASDAQ Stock Market, or NASDAQ. Messrs. Chesrown and Berrard
are not considered independent because they are employees of the Company. The
NASDAQ independence definition includes a series of objective tests, such as
that the director is not, and has not been for at least three years, one of our
employees and that neither the director nor any of his family members has
engaged in various types of business dealings with us. There are no family
relationships among any of our directors or executive officers.

                                       34


Board Committees

Our Board currently maintains a standing audit committee, compensation committee
and a nominating and corporate governance committee.
Audit Committee
Our Board, by unanimous consent, established an audit committee (the "Audit
Committee") in January 2017. The initial members of this committee are Messrs.
Dixon (chair) and Westfall. Our Board of Directors has determined that Mr. Dixon
is an "audit committee financial expert", as defined in Item 407 of Regulation
S-K, and is the Chairman of the Audit Committee. Although the Audit Committee
has not yet adopted a formal charter, the Board resolution establishing the
Audit Committee authorized the Audit Committee to operate with the customary
responsibilities and authority typically granted to an audit committee in a
formal charter.
Compensation Committee
In January 2017, our Board, by unanimous consent, also established a
compensation committee (the "Compensation Committee"). The initial members of
the Compensation Committee are Messrs. Westfall (Chair) and Dixon. The
Compensation Committee was established to, among other things, administer and
approve all elements of compensation and awards for our executive officers. The
Compensation Committee has the responsibility to review and approve the business
goals and objectives relevant to each executive officer's compensation, evaluate
individual performance of each executive in light of those goals and objectives,
and determine and approve each executive's compensation based on this
evaluation. Although the Compensation Committee has not yet adopted a formal
charter, the Board resolution establishing the Compensation Committee authorized
the Compensation Committee to operate with the customary responsibilities and
authority typically granted to a compensation committee in a formal charter.
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee
In January 2017, our Board, by unanimous consent, also established a nominating
and corporate governance committee (the "Nominating and Corporate Governance
Committee"). The initial members of the Nominating and Corporate Governance
Committee are Messrs. Chesrown (Chair), Berrard, Westfall and Dixon. The
Nominating Committee is responsible for identifying individuals qualified to
become members of the Board or any committee thereof; recommending nominees for
election as directors at each annual stockholder meeting; recommending
candidates to fill any vacancies on the Board or any committee thereof; and
overseeing the evaluation of the Board. Although the Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee has not yet adopted a formal charter, the Board resolution
establishing the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee authorized the
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee to operate with the customary
responsibilities and authority typically granted to a nominating and corporate
governance committee in a formal charter.
Stockholder Communications
Currently, we do not have a policy relating to stockholder communications with
the Board or with regard to the consideration of any director candidates
recommended by security holders. To date, no security holders have made any such
recommendations. We intend to approve an appropriate stockholder communications
policy at our next Board meeting following our 2017 Annual Meeting of
Stockholders.
Code of Ethics
We have not yet adopted a written code of ethics. We intend to approve an
appropriate written code of ethics at our next Board meeting following our 2017
Annual Meeting of Stockholders.
Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act
Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires directors and executive officers of
the Company and ten percent stockholders of the Company to file initial reports
of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of common stock and other
equity securities of the Company with the SEC. Directors, executive officers,
and ten percent stockholders are required to furnish the Company with copies of
all Section 16(a) forms they file.


Item 11.
Executive Compensation.
Summary Compensation
Pamela Elliott, who served as the Company's President, CEO, Secretary,
Treasurer, and sole Director from January 1, 2014 through July 13, 2016, has not
received any compensation for her service to the Company, except for $1,500 and
$1,200 paid in the fiscal years ended November 30, 2015 and 2014, respectively.

                                       35


No other compensation required to be reported pursuant to this Item was earned
or paid during the three years ended December 31, 2016.
Executive Employment Arrangements
Marshall Chesrown
We have not entered into an employment agreement or arrangement with Mr.
Chesrown. Accordingly, he is employed as our Chief Executive Officer on an
at-will basis. Mr. Chesrown currently receives no annual base salary.
Mr. Chesrown is eligible for equity compensation under our equity compensation
plans, as determined from time to time by the compensation committee of our
Board, however through the date of this filing, no grants of equity awards have
been made.
Steven Berrard
We have not entered into an employment agreement or arrangement with Mr.
Berrard. Accordingly, he is employed as our Chief Financial Officer on an
at-will basis. Mr. Berrard currently receives no annual base salary.
Mr. Berrard is eligible for equity compensation under our equity compensation
plans, as determined from time to time by the compensation committee of our
Board, however through the date of this filing, no grants of equity awards have
been made.
Non-Employee Director Compensation
We have not yet established a policy for non-employee director compensation. We
intend to establish a non-employee director compensation policy at our next
Board meeting following our 2017 Annual Meeting of Stockholders.
Employee Benefit Plans
2017 Stock Incentive Plan
On January 9, 2017, the Company's Board of Directors approved the adoption of
the RumbleON, Inc. 2017 Stock Incentive Plan (the "Plan"), subject to
stockholder approval at the Company's 2017 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. The
purposes of the Plan are to attract, retain, reward and motivate talented,
motivated and loyal employees and other service providers ("Eligible
Individuals") by providing them with an opportunity to acquire or increase a
proprietary interest in the Company and to incentivize them to expend maximum
effort for the growth and success of the Company, so as to strengthen the
mutuality of the interests between such persons and the stockholders of the
Company. The Plan will allow the Company to grant a variety of stock-based and
cash-based awards to Eligible Individuals. Twelve percent (12%) of the Company's
issued and outstanding shares of common stock from time to time are reserved for
issuance under the Plan. As of January 9, 2017, 6,400,000 shares were issued and
outstanding, resulting in 768,000 shares available for issuance under the Plan.
The foregoing description of the Plan does not purport to be complete and is
qualified in its entirety by the Plan attached as Exhibit 10.6 to this report
and incorporated herein by reference.
We have not maintained any other equity compensation plans since our inception.
Item 12.
Security Ownership Of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related
Stockholder Matters.
Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the
Securities and Exchange Commission and generally includes voting or investment
power with respect to securities. In accordance with Securities and Exchange
Commission rules, shares of our common stock that may be acquired upon exercise
or vesting of equity awards within 60 days of the date of the table below are
deemed beneficially owned by the holders of such options and are deemed
outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage of ownership of such
person, but are not treated as outstanding for the purpose of computing the
percentage of ownership of any other person.
As of the Effective Date, 7,923,809 shares of common stock were issued and
outstanding. The following table sets forth information with respect to the
beneficial ownership of our Common Stock as of the Effective Date, by (i) each
of our directors and executive officers, (ii) all of our directors and executive
officers as a group, and (iii) each stockholder known by us to be the beneficial
owner of more than 5% of our Common Stock (our only class of voting securities).
To the best of our knowledge, except as otherwise indicated, each of the persons
named in the table has sole voting and investment power with respect to the
shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by such person, except to the extent
such power may be shared with a spouse. To our knowledge, none of the shares
listed below are held under a voting trust or similar agreement, except as
noted. To our knowledge, there is no arrangement, including any pledge by any
person of our securities or any of our parents, the operation of which may at a
subsequent date result in a change in control of the Company.

                                       36



Unless otherwise noted below, the address of each person listed on the table is
c/o RumbleON, Inc., 4521 Sharon Road, Suite 370, Charlotte, NC 28211.

                   As of the Effective Date



                                           No. of
                                          Shares of   Percentage No. of Shares Percentage
                                          Class A     of Class A of Class B    of Class B
                                          Common      Ownership  Common Stock  Ownership
                                          Stock Owned (1)(2)     Owned         (1)(3)
Name and Address of Beneficial Owner



Named Executive Officers and Directors:
Marshall Chesrown(4)                       875,000     87.5%      1,537,500     22.2%
Steven R. Berrard(5)                       125,000     12.5%      2,310,013(6)  32.1%
Denmar Dixon(7)                            -           *          316,667       4.6%
Kartik Kakarala(8)                         -           *          1,523,809     22.0%
Mitch Pierce                               -           *          -             *
Kevin Westfall                             -           *          -             *

5% Stockholders:
Ralph Wegis(9)                             -           *          1,321,878     19.1%
NextGen Dealer Solutions, LLC              -           *          1,523,809     22.0%

All directors and executive officers
as a group (6 persons) (10)                1,000,000   100.0%     5,687,989     80.9%


_______________________
*
Represents beneficial ownership of less than 1%.
(1)
Calculated in accordance with applicable rules of the SEC.
(2)
Based on 1,000,000 shares of Class A Common Stock issued and outstanding as of
the Effective Time, and additional shares deemed to be outstanding as to a
particular person, in accordance with applicable rules of the SEC. The Class A
Common Stock has 10 votes for each share outstanding compared to one vote for
each share of Class B Common Stock outstanding. As of the Effective Time, the
holders of the Class A Common Stock will have in aggregate voting power
representing 80.2% of the Company's outstanding Common Stock on a fully diluted
basis.
(3)
Based on 6,923,809 shares of Class B Common Stock issued and outstanding as of
the Effective Time, and additional shares deemed to be outstanding as to a
particular person, in accordance with applicable rules of the SEC.
(4)
As of the Effective Time, Mr. Chesrown will have voting power representing
approximately 60.8% of the Company's outstanding Common Stock on a fully diluted
basis.
(5)
Shares are owned directly through Berrard Holdings Limited Partnership ("BHLP"),
a limited partnership controlled by Steven R. Berrard. Mr. Berrard has the sole
power to vote and the sole power to dispose of each of the shares of Common
Stock which he may be deemed to beneficially own. As of the Effective Time, Mr.
Berrard will have voting power representing approximately 19.4% of the Company's
outstanding Common Stock on a fully diluted basis, which does not include the
272,513 shares of Class B Common Stock issuable upon conversion of promissory
note held by BHLP.
(6)
Includes 272,513 shares of Class B Common Stock issuable upon conversion of a
promissory note held by BHLP as of the Effective Date.
(7)
Shares are owned directly through Blue Flame Capital, LLC, an entity controlled
by Mr. Dixon. Mr. Dixon has the sole power to vote and the sole power to dispose
of each of the shares of Common Stock which he may be deemed to beneficially
own. As of the Effective Time, Mr. Dixon will have voting power representing
approximately 1.9% of the Company's outstanding Common Stock on a fully diluted
basis.
(8)
Shares are owned indirectly through NextGen Dealer Solutions, LLC, a limited
liability company of which Mr. Kakarala is the Manager. Mr. Kakarala has the
sole power to vote and the sole power to dispose of each of the shares of Common
Stock he may be deemed to beneficially own. As of the Effective Time, Mr.
Kakarala will have voting power representing approximately 9.0% of the Company's
outstanding Common Stock on a fully diluted basis.
(9)
As of the Effective Time, Mr. Wegis will have voting power representing
approximately 7.8% of the Company's outstanding Common Stock on a fully diluted
basis.
(10)
As of the Effective Time, all directors and executive officers as a group will
have voting power representing approximately 92.4% of the Company's outstanding
Common Stock on a fully diluted basis.
© Edgar Online, source Glimpses




















































0






 






Latest news on SMART SERVER INC




07/06 RUMBLEON, INC. : Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders (form 8-K)

06/09 RUMBLEON, INC. : Regulation FD Disclosure (form 8-K)

04/05 RUMBLEON, INC. (OTCMKTS : RMBL) Files An 8-K Creation of a Direct Financial Obli..

04/05 RUMBLEON, INC. : Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation unde..

02/15 SMART SERVER : RUMBLEON, INC. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial ..

01/09 SMART SERVER, INC : Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement, Unregistered Sal..

01/09 SMART SERVER INC : Smart Server Today Provided the Following Key Strategic Annou..

2016 SMART SERVER, INC : Changes in Registrant's Certifying Accountant, Financial Sta..

2016 SMART SERVER, INC : Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation u..

2016 SMART SERVER, INC : Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement, Change in Direct..



More news

 







 



 





Managers
 





 NameTitleMarshall Chesrown
Chairman & Chief Executive Officer
Steve R. Berrard
Chief Financial Officer, Secretary & Director
Kevin P. Westfall
Director
Denmar John Dixon
Director
Mitch Pierce
Director
 
More about the company


Sector and Competitors


1st jan.Capitalization (M$)

SMART SERVER INC0





MOMO INC (ADR)134.98%8 559

GRUBHUB INC24.91%4 055

COLOPL INC28.13%1 396

GUNOSY INC122.07%611

GFT TECHNOLOGIES SE-22.35%494


More Results
 




 



























4-traders.com :MarketsNewsAnalysisStock PicksPortfoliosScreenersWatchlistsTop / FlopToolsOur ServicesAbout :Surperformance SASContact usAdvertiseLegal informationsAbout usStay Connected :FacebookTwitterPartners :Börse: Aktien, Kurse und NachrichtenBest tweets 




   Copyright © 2017 Surperformance. All rights reserved.  









 


  














Slave





Smart Choice Server - Servers - Products  



      Please select a wishlist you wish to add selected product(s) to:

Main

or create a new wishlist:


Select


Cancel
  

JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.


About Us


Our People


Blog



Cart
 
You have no items in your shopping cart.AccountWishlistBlogLog In




Menu



Search



Account

Serviceidea  Logo
800.328.4493
All

All
Products
Innovation
Find A Rep
Contact Us
About Us
Our People




Menu

HomeProducts 

BUFFET


AIRPOTS


SERVERS


TABLETOP

NEW PRODUCTS
CUSTOMIZATION
SALE PRODUCTSAirpotsBuffetServersTableNew Products CustomizationSale ProductsInnovationFind A RepContact UsAbout UsOur People    Servers
Home

Products

Servers

Smart Choice Server







  Smart Choice ServerA Smart and Stylish Coffee Carafe
Smart Choice Carafes come in a polished stainless steel finish with an all-metal stopper lid. Easy one-handed operation makes it a favorite for table service.SHOP NOWFeatures4–6 hours of temperature retentionCustomizableAvailable in 4 sizesReplacement stopper lidDishwasher safe
modelsSVSC03PSStainless Vacuum Server 10 oz (0.3 liter), PolishedSVSC06PSStainless Vacuum Server 20 oz (0.6 liter), PolishedSVSC10PSStainless Vacuum Server 33.8 oz (1 liter), PolishedSVSC13PSStainless Vacuum Server 44 oz (1.3 liter), PolishedpartsSVSCSTOPReplacement Stopper for SVSC, PolishedSHOP NOW  Site MapSearch TermsAdvanced SearchOrders and ReturnsContact Us
DOWNLOADOur 2017 Catalog is availablefor download now!
RESOURCES
FAQ
FORMS



Send us a note





SUBSCRIBE TO OUR NEWSLETTER 
What’s new at SIJune 19 2017  - Sales Awards and Recognitions for 2016  >> read moreFebruary 01 2017  - Now in Stock! Black and White Alpha Carafes  >> read more  Our latest TweetsJul 12  - Recognizing our dedicated foodservice sales representatives. https://t.co/lve9IDeja2 https://t.co/WpnyZARDovJul 12  - RT @TriMark_RWSmith: Add intrigue to your #buffetdisplay with #buffetware by @AmerMetalcraft, @Service_Ideas and @steeliteusa.  https://t.c…Sales Rep Locator

SALES REP LOCATOR



2354 Ventura DriveWoodbury, MN 55312800.328.4493651.730.8800orders@serviceideas.com





SALES REP LOCATOR
     © Copyright 2017 Service Ideas Inc|All rights reserved|Sitemap|Terms and Conditions
 Smart Choice Server - Servers - Products  



      Please select a wishlist you wish to add selected product(s) to:

Main

or create a new wishlist:


Select


Cancel
  

JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.


About Us


Our People


Blog



Cart
 
You have no items in your shopping cart.AccountWishlistBlogLog In




Menu



Search



Account

Serviceidea  Logo
800.328.4493
All

All
Products
Innovation
Find A Rep
Contact Us
About Us
Our People




Menu

HomeProducts 

BUFFET


AIRPOTS


SERVERS


TABLETOP

NEW PRODUCTS
CUSTOMIZATION
SALE PRODUCTSAirpotsBuffetServersTableNew Products CustomizationSale ProductsInnovationFind A RepContact UsAbout UsOur People    Servers
Home

Products

Servers

Smart Choice Server







  Smart Choice ServerA Smart and Stylish Coffee Carafe
Smart Choice Carafes come in a polished stainless steel finish with an all-metal stopper lid. Easy one-handed operation makes it a favorite for table service.SHOP NOWFeatures4–6 hours of temperature retentionCustomizableAvailable in 4 sizesReplacement stopper lidDishwasher safe
modelsSVSC03PSStainless Vacuum Server 10 oz (0.3 liter), PolishedSVSC06PSStainless Vacuum Server 20 oz (0.6 liter), PolishedSVSC10PSStainless Vacuum Server 33.8 oz (1 liter), PolishedSVSC13PSStainless Vacuum Server 44 oz (1.3 liter), PolishedpartsSVSCSTOPReplacement Stopper for SVSC, PolishedSHOP NOW  Site MapSearch TermsAdvanced SearchOrders and ReturnsContact Us
DOWNLOADOur 2017 Catalog is availablefor download now!
RESOURCES
FAQ
FORMS



Send us a note





SUBSCRIBE TO OUR NEWSLETTER 
What’s new at SIJune 19 2017  - Sales Awards and Recognitions for 2016  >> read moreFebruary 01 2017  - Now in Stock! Black and White Alpha Carafes  >> read more  Our latest TweetsJul 12  - Recognizing our dedicated foodservice sales representatives. https://t.co/lve9IDeja2 https://t.co/WpnyZARDovJul 12  - RT @TriMark_RWSmith: Add intrigue to your #buffetdisplay with #buffetware by @AmerMetalcraft, @Service_Ideas and @steeliteusa.  https://t.c…Sales Rep Locator

SALES REP LOCATOR



2354 Ventura DriveWoodbury, MN 55312800.328.4493651.730.8800orders@serviceideas.com





SALES REP LOCATOR
     © Copyright 2017 Service Ideas Inc|All rights reserved|Sitemap|Terms and Conditions
 



Server Applications for SMART Modular Technologies' Products



 




















 



About Us 



Community
Corporate Profile
Environment
Governance
Leadership
Quality


|
Contact Us



Careers
Contact Product & Sales
Customer Service
PR/Marketing
Sales Contact Info
Technical Support
Web Issues




|
Investors














Products





DRAM


Flash


DRAM
DDR4

ECODIMM
LRDIMM
Mini RDIMM
NVDIMM
RDIMM
SODIMM ECC
UDIMM ECC
ULP Mini RDIMM
VLP Mini UDIMM
VLP RDIMM


DDR4 Value

LRDIMM
RDIMM
SODIMM
SODIMM ECC
UDIMM
UDIMM ECC
VLP RDIMM


DDR3

ECODIMM
LRDIMM
Mini NVDIMM
Mini RDIMM
Mini UDIMM
MIP
NVDIMM
RDIMM
SODIMM
SORDIMM
SOUDIMM ECC
UDIMM
UDIMM ECC
ULP Mini UDIMM
VLP Mini RDIMM
VLP Mini UDIMM
VLP RDIMM
VLP UDIMM
VLP UDIMM ECC
XRDIMM

DDR3 Value

LRDIMM
RDIMM
SODIMM
UDIMM
VLP RDIMM

DDR2

Mini RDIMM
Mini UDIMM
RDIMM
SOCDIMM
SODIMM
SORDIMM
UDIMM
UDIMM ECC
VLP Mini RDIMM
VLP Mini UDIMM
VLP RDIMM
VLP UDIMM ECC


DDR

RDIMM
SODIMM
UDIMM
UDIMM ECC
VLP RDIMM




Flash Storage
Embedded

eUSB
M.2 SATA
mSATA (MO-300A)
PCIe M.2
Slim SATA (MO-297)


Removable

2.5 inch SATA SSD 
CF Card
microSD Card
SD Card
USB Flash Drive






Applications

Applications


Automotive
Defense
Networking
Storage




Communications
Gaming
Printers




Computing
Industrial
Servers




Resources

Resources


Customer Service
Image Gallery
Media Center
Press Releases
Sales Literature



Events
Locations
Partners & Associations
PR/Marketing
Where to Buy



Datasheets



Datasheets






Please log in for access to DRAM product datasheets.Don't have a login yet? You can register here.

User Name 

Password 
 Don't have a login? Register here.Lost password? Retrieve here.







Product Search


 



 




Close Window X







DRAM

Embedded 

Removable





 









Home > Applications > Servers
Server Applications




Automotive • Communications • Computing • Defense • Gaming • Industrial • Networking • Printers • Servers • Storage
Server applications need reliable, high-quality, high-density memory modules with the lowest power consumption.  SMART offers industrial grade, low-voltage, and ECC options to help meet critical thermal, power and data sensitive requirements. Our engineering team can help you match the best memory solution to your unique application.









DRAM Modules



Available in registered and unbuffered with ECC or non-ECC configurations, including standard height and very low profile DIMMs, LRDIMMs, NVDIMMs, RDIMMs, FBDIMMs, SODIMMs, and mini-DIMMs. OEMs can choose SMART industry-standard and custom modules with confidence knowing SMART designs, manufactures, and rigorously tests each unit. Read more about SMART's DRAM modules.
DDR4
DDR3
DDR2
DDR











Removable/Cards




SMART designs and manufactures removable Flash memory products in a variety of form factors and capacities. Its wide range of removable Flash memory products come in Compact Flash (CF), SD Card, microSD, 2.5" SATA, and Key Drives form factors that utilize technologies for server applications. See the full list of SMART's removable Flash for server applications.
CF Card
SD Card
microSD
2.5" SATA
Enterprise USB Memory Key




 







Embedded



SMART Modular Technologies designs and manufactures industrial-grade Flash memory products in a variety of form factors and capacities for server applications. Its wide range of Flash memory products include embedded M.2 SATA, mSATA, Slim SATA Slim and embedded USB (eUSB), offering both MLC and SLC technologies. See the full list of SMART's embedded Flash for server applications.
M.2 SATA
mSATA (MO-300A)
Slim SATA (MO-297)
eUSB Drive



 



















Servers | Service Ideas, Inc  



      Please select a wishlist you wish to add selected product(s) to:

Main

or create a new wishlist:


Select


Cancel
  

JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.


About Us


Our People


Blog



Cart
 
You have no items in your shopping cart.AccountWishlistBlogLog In




Menu



Search



Account

Serviceidea  Logo
800.328.4493
All

All
Products
Innovation
Find A Rep
Contact Us
About Us
Our People




Menu

HomeProducts 

BUFFET


AIRPOTS


SERVERS


TABLETOP

NEW PRODUCTS
CUSTOMIZATION
SALE PRODUCTSAirpotsBuffetServersTableNew Products CustomizationSale ProductsInnovationFind A RepContact UsAbout UsOur People    Servers
Home

Products

Servers
Service Ideas supplies an extensive line of commercial beverageware. Whether you’re setting an intimate table for two or a reception hall for two hundred, Service Ideas has the beverage server for you. Our variety of insulated servers will keep coffee hot and dairy cold for hours. For cold beverage options, try our ice tube pitchers to keep beverages cooled and undiluted.


Stanley® Commercial Servers


Hydro Dipped 981 Servers


981 Series Carafe


982 Series Carafe


Altus Carafe


Slim Servers


Aero-Serv® Server


Alpha Carafe


Brew 'N' Pour®


Classic Carafe


CJ Classy™ Carafes


Classy™ Carafes


Eco-Serv™ Carafe


Server Accessories


Flow Control Carafes


Frothing Pitchers


SteelVac™ Essential Carafe


Stainless Touch Carafe


Elite Stainless Touch Carafe


Metallic Luster® Carafe


Push Button Metallic


Ice Tube Pitchers


New Generation® Server


Thermo-Serv® Carafe


Brew-In Decanters


3-Way Pitcher


Double Wall Stainless Press


12-Sided Stainless Press


SteelVac™ Creamers


Sculptured Ice™ Pitcher


SteelVac™ Slim Carafe


Smart Choice Server


Stainless Square Server


Brick Press


Double Wall Glass Press


Glass Tea Pots


Tea Boxes


Twist 'N' Serv™ Carafe


Ceramic Tea Pots


Original Plastic Tea Pot


Vesi Pitcher


Foam-Lined Stainless Server


Bell Pitcher


Slim PitcherServer Features IndexSite MapSearch TermsAdvanced SearchOrders and ReturnsContact Us
DOWNLOADOur 2017 Catalog is availablefor download now!
RESOURCES
FAQ
FORMS



Send us a note





SUBSCRIBE TO OUR NEWSLETTER 
What’s new at SIJune 19 2017  - Sales Awards and Recognitions for 2016  >> read moreFebruary 01 2017  - Now in Stock! Black and White Alpha Carafes  >> read more  Our latest TweetsJul 12  - Recognizing our dedicated foodservice sales representatives. https://t.co/lve9IDeja2 https://t.co/WpnyZARDovJul 12  - RT @TriMark_RWSmith: Add intrigue to your #buffetdisplay with #buffetware by @AmerMetalcraft, @Service_Ideas and @steeliteusa.  https://t.c…Sales Rep Locator

SALES REP LOCATOR



2354 Ventura DriveWoodbury, MN 55312800.328.4493651.730.8800orders@serviceideas.com





SALES REP LOCATOR
     © Copyright 2017 Service Ideas Inc|All rights reserved|Sitemap|Terms and Conditions
 Servers | Service Ideas, Inc  



      Please select a wishlist you wish to add selected product(s) to:

Main

or create a new wishlist:


Select


Cancel
  

JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.


About Us


Our People


Blog



Cart
 
You have no items in your shopping cart.AccountWishlistBlogLog In




Menu



Search



Account

Serviceidea  Logo
800.328.4493
All

All
Products
Innovation
Find A Rep
Contact Us
About Us
Our People




Menu

HomeProducts 

BUFFET


AIRPOTS


SERVERS


TABLETOP

NEW PRODUCTS
CUSTOMIZATION
SALE PRODUCTSAirpotsBuffetServersTableNew Products CustomizationSale ProductsInnovationFind A RepContact UsAbout UsOur People    Servers
Home

Products

Servers
Service Ideas supplies an extensive line of commercial beverageware. Whether you’re setting an intimate table for two or a reception hall for two hundred, Service Ideas has the beverage server for you. Our variety of insulated servers will keep coffee hot and dairy cold for hours. For cold beverage options, try our ice tube pitchers to keep beverages cooled and undiluted.


Stanley® Commercial Servers


Hydro Dipped 981 Servers


981 Series Carafe


982 Series Carafe


Altus Carafe


Slim Servers


Aero-Serv® Server


Alpha Carafe


Brew 'N' Pour®


Classic Carafe


CJ Classy™ Carafes


Classy™ Carafes


Eco-Serv™ Carafe


Server Accessories


Flow Control Carafes


Frothing Pitchers


SteelVac™ Essential Carafe


Stainless Touch Carafe


Elite Stainless Touch Carafe


Metallic Luster® Carafe


Push Button Metallic


Ice Tube Pitchers


New Generation® Server


Thermo-Serv® Carafe


Brew-In Decanters


3-Way Pitcher


Double Wall Stainless Press


12-Sided Stainless Press


SteelVac™ Creamers


Sculptured Ice™ Pitcher


SteelVac™ Slim Carafe


Smart Choice Server


Stainless Square Server


Brick Press


Double Wall Glass Press


Glass Tea Pots


Tea Boxes


Twist 'N' Serv™ Carafe


Ceramic Tea Pots


Original Plastic Tea Pot


Vesi Pitcher


Foam-Lined Stainless Server


Bell Pitcher


Slim PitcherServer Features IndexSite MapSearch TermsAdvanced SearchOrders and ReturnsContact Us
DOWNLOADOur 2017 Catalog is availablefor download now!
RESOURCES
FAQ
FORMS



Send us a note





SUBSCRIBE TO OUR NEWSLETTER 
What’s new at SIJune 19 2017  - Sales Awards and Recognitions for 2016  >> read moreFebruary 01 2017  - Now in Stock! Black and White Alpha Carafes  >> read more  Our latest TweetsJul 12  - Recognizing our dedicated foodservice sales representatives. https://t.co/lve9IDeja2 https://t.co/WpnyZARDovJul 12  - RT @TriMark_RWSmith: Add intrigue to your #buffetdisplay with #buffetware by @AmerMetalcraft, @Service_Ideas and @steeliteusa.  https://t.c…Sales Rep Locator

SALES REP LOCATOR



2354 Ventura DriveWoodbury, MN 55312800.328.4493651.730.8800orders@serviceideas.com





SALES REP LOCATOR
     © Copyright 2017 Service Ideas Inc|All rights reserved|Sitemap|Terms and Conditions
 Smart Server, Inc. Announces Ticker Symbol Change To SUYTHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets closedS&P 5002,472.10-3.32 (-0.13%)Dow 3021,830.31+33.76 (+0.15%)Nasdaq6,374.68-7.51 (-0.12%)Smart Server, Inc. Announces Ticker Symbol Change To SUYTAccesswireJuly 22, 2016ReblogShareTweetShareCHARLOTTE, NC / ACCESSWIRE / July 22, 2016 / Smart Server, Inc. (SVTZ)(OTCQB:SUYT) today announced the change of its OTCQB trading symbol from SVTZ to SUYT. The change will be effective at the opening of trading on Monday, July 25, 2016, at which time all information, including stock trading and market data related to Smart Server, Inc., will be reported under the new ticker symbol, "SUYT." The CUSIP for the Company's common stock will remain unchanged.SOURCE: Smart Server, Inc.ReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextThe 'two pizza rule' is a secret to productive meetings that helped Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos become one of the world's richest menBusiness InsiderEngineer Finds Pattern; Makes Millions in StocksMoney MorningSponsoredThe real reason overseas manufacturing is coming to AmericaYahoo FinanceAPNewsBreak: Yellowstone to punish workers for misconductAssociated PressChevron and Exxon Mobil have a tough path ahead: NYSE traderYahoo Finance VideoZuckerberg Wife's Ambitious Secret Finally ExposedUNewz.MeSponsoredStocks mixed after heavy earnings weekYahoo FinanceTax cuts just got more likelyYahoo FinanceNorth Korea 2nd ICBM test puts much of US in range: expertsAssociated PressDiscover it: 4.8 out of 5 avg. by 24K+ customersDiscover CardSponsoredThe 37 Most Profitable Markets for Home SellersCredit.comMy bullish view on stocks hasn't changed one iota: NYSE traderYahoo Finance VideoFast food chains are coping with their labor cost problemYahoo FinanceWhat's the Problem with Joel Osteen?ChurchLeaders.comSponsoredSean Hannity responds to claim he ran up a $42,000 tab at Trump's hotel after flying in a 70-year-old lobster from MaineBusiness InsiderApple (AAPL) to Report Q3 Earnings: Is a Beat in Store?ZacksExclusive: Majority of Americans support transgender military service - pollBob: How about a poll that asks if tax payers should fund sex change surgery?  How do you think that will turn out?Join the Conversation1 / 51.3k








Gallery - Smart Choice Server - Servers - Products  



      Please select a wishlist you wish to add selected product(s) to:

Main

or create a new wishlist:


Select


Cancel
  

JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.


About Us


Our People


Blog



Cart
 
You have no items in your shopping cart.AccountWishlistBlogLog In




Menu



Search



Account

Serviceidea  Logo
800.328.4493
All

All
Products
Innovation
Find A Rep
Contact Us
About Us
Our People




Menu

HomeProducts 

BUFFET


AIRPOTS


SERVERS


TABLETOP

NEW PRODUCTS
CUSTOMIZATION
SALE PRODUCTSAirpotsBuffetServersTableNew Products CustomizationSale ProductsInnovationFind A RepContact UsAbout UsOur People    Servers
Home

Products

Servers

Smart Choice Server

Gallery
Service Ideas supplies an extensive line of commercial beverageware. Whether you’re setting an intimate table for two or a reception hall for two hundred, Service Ideas has the beverage server for you. Our variety of insulated servers will keep coffee hot and dairy cold for hours. For cold beverage options, try our ice tube pitchers to keep beverages cooled and undiluted.
1 Item(s)
Sort By

Position
Name
Price


Show

12
24
36
 per page
View as:



Smart Choice Server
SHOP NOW
1 Item(s)
Sort By

Position
Name
Price


Show

12
24
36
 per page
View as:
Site MapSearch TermsAdvanced SearchOrders and ReturnsContact Us
DOWNLOADOur 2017 Catalog is availablefor download now!
RESOURCES
FAQ
FORMS



Send us a note





SUBSCRIBE TO OUR NEWSLETTER 
What’s new at SIJune 19 2017  - Sales Awards and Recognitions for 2016  >> read moreFebruary 01 2017  - Now in Stock! Black and White Alpha Carafes  >> read more  Our latest TweetsJul 12  - Recognizing our dedicated foodservice sales representatives. https://t.co/lve9IDeja2 https://t.co/WpnyZARDovJul 12  - RT @TriMark_RWSmith: Add intrigue to your #buffetdisplay with #buffetware by @AmerMetalcraft, @Service_Ideas and @steeliteusa.  https://t.c…Sales Rep Locator

SALES REP LOCATOR



2354 Ventura DriveWoodbury, MN 55312800.328.4493651.730.8800orders@serviceideas.com





SALES REP LOCATOR
     © Copyright 2017 Service Ideas Inc|All rights reserved|Sitemap|Terms and Conditions
 