




SmartDelta Fund LP - Pooled Investment Fund- Mohan  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









SmartDelta Fund LP

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    4610 Center Blvd 1502 
    Long Island City, NY, 11101Phone: 9292785258 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-10-05


New


Yet to Sell


$0


Other


06b 3C 3C.1


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Krishna Mohan 
 Executive 


 Gurpreet Oberoi 
 Executive 












Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version












   Is smart beta the next big thing in investing? - Jun. 19, 2014                    
                 



























     



Our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy have changed.
By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to the new Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.













U.S.
+

International







Log In


Log Out











        Wall Street's new buzzword: Smart beta 

        by Ben Rooney   @ben_rooney   June 19, 2014: 7:19 AM ET                  
"Smart beta" is all the rage on Wall Street these days, but when you ask investors to explain it in a few words, they laugh.  The term is difficult to define because there are hundreds of smart beta "products" on the market and they don't all do the same thing. It also sounds a bit pretentious, as if someone needs to be a member of Mensa to invest, which is why some prefer to say "strategic beta."   
  Smart beta products are billed as an alternative to the traditional "active" and "passive" investment strategies. The main appeal is that they offer investors a chance to get above-average returns -- better than the S&P 500, for example -- without paying excessive fees or taking on too much risk.   The concept has actually been around for about a decade. But the trend has taken off with smaller "mom and pop" investors recently. As a result, there has been an explosion of smart beta exchange-traded funds.   There were 367 smart beta exchange-traded products listed in the United States as of June 5, according to Morningstar.    These funds had a total of $346 billion in assets under management as of May. Smart beta assets under management surged 30% in the 12 months leading up to May.   JPMorgan (JPM) was the latest to enter the fray. On Tuesday, the bank's mutual fund division launched its first ever ETF that uses a strategic beta strategy: the JPMorgan Diversified Return Global Equity (JPGE),   Smart beta sounds awesome! But what is it exactly?    A lot of individual investors put money into traditional index funds such as the SPDR S&P 500 ETF (SPY) that tracks the S&P 500. Critics say this approach is flawed because indexes are weighted according to the market capitalization of the companies. The larger the company, the more shares an investor would own of it.   But bigger isn't always better. Investors in funds that give preference to large-cap companies could end up owning stocks that are overvalued, says the smart beta crowd.   Related: Forget the lottery. Invest in billionaire ETF?   The goal of smart beta is to boost returns by using a "rules based" approach that puts more weight on other factors, such as valuations, dividends, momentum or volatility to determine which companies to own and how much of their stock to buy.   "It's about two things: risk and return," said Robert Deutsch, head of the ETF business for JPMorgan Asset Management.   JPMorgan has flied documents for smart beta ETFs that invest in international and emerging market stocks. BlackRock and S&P Dow Jones Indices are both said to be adapting smart beta strategies for the bond market.   Why go with a smart beta fund?            Stocks: Bulls vs. bears     The main selling point for smart beta is that it offers some of the advantages of an actively managed portfolio, without the fees charged by active managers.   "It's the child of an active and passive parent," said Ben Johnson, director of passive funds research at Morningstar.   Compared with the hefty fees charged by traditional active managers, smart beta funds are cheap. But they are still more expensive than passively-managed index funds, some of which have fees as low as 0.2%.   While smart beta funds do have higher fees, "you have to hold that up against the potential for outperformance," said Johnson.   Related: New mutual funds better than older ones?   Because they are "rules based," smart beta funds also tend to be more transparent and have lower turnover of assets than actively managed funds.   There are smart beta ETFs that weight stocks based on dividends or valuations. Others are designed to hold up better during periods of market volatility.   Some smart beta funds combine different factors into one strategy. For example, JPMorgan's strategic beta fund weights stocks according to value, size, momentum and volatility.   "The aim is to perform well throughout a cycle," said Deutsch.   That message appears to be resonating with individual investors who have been wary of stocks after the booms and busts of the past few decades.   Related: Why hasn't Main Street recovered like Wall Street?    "There has been a lot of interest from financial advisers," said Deutsch.   According to Morningstar, 31% of all the money that flowed into U.S. ETFs last year went into smart beta products. On average, one quarter of all the ETFs that have launched in the past three years have been branded smart beta.   'Smart marketing'    Investors need to be realistic.   The main risk in smart beta is "the potential for a misalignment of expectations," said Johnson. In other words, investors should not assume that smart beta funds will never go through periods where returns are poor.   "Any investor who expects these funds to outperform all the time will be sorely disappointed," he said.   With nearly 370 smart beta products on the market, there's also the risk that the quality will begin to suffer, said Fabio Cecutto, a senior consultant at Towers Watson Investment Services.   "Not all of these smart beta products are going to be well conceived," said Cecutto.      CNNMoney (New York)  First published June 19, 2014: 7:19 AM ET          







   Comments        


Social Surge - What's Trending










                  What was in the failed Senate 'skinny repeal' health care bill?
                









                  Jeff Bezos briefly dethrones Bill Gates as world's richest person
                









                  Starbucks to close down all Teavana locations, impacting 3,300 jobs
                














Mortgage












Newsletter




Sponsored by




Key market news. In your inbox.Every morning.

Start your day right with the latest news driving global markets, from major stock movers and key economic headlines to important events on the calendar. Daily newsletter, Sunday through Friday.















Privacy Policy






 
CNNMoney Sponsors
































NextAdvisor Paid Partner






Pay no interest until September 2018 with this card
$200 just for using this credit card
Rack up unlimited miles with this astonishing credit card
3 cards charging 0% interest until 2019
The highest paying cash back card has arrived





GoBankingRates Paid Partner






Refinance your mortgage – check for today’s low rate! NMLS#174457
Compare savings accounts and open a new account today!
Take advantage of a steady interest rate with these CD accounts
You can earn 10x returns in your savings with these banks



       
 

SmartDelta Fund LP - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











SmartDelta Fund LP
List of persons related to the company SmartDelta Fund LP. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of SmartDelta Fund LP.

CIK Number: 0001685894IRS Number: 364836489Company address: 9554 BRAYES MANOR DR  MENTOR 44060Phone number: 9292785258



People related to SmartDelta Fund LP
NamePositionStreetCityCountryOberoi  Gurpreet712 Evelyn Ave North BellmoreNYMohan  Krishna545 N Dearborn St 3306ChicagoIL




SmartDelta Fund LP on the Web












 









Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












 SECGems:

Form D 
	
		SmartDelta Fund LP
	

	

   


	0001685894-16-000001 








































  







			Data feeds now available
			Excel / CSV / Java / Python /etc 
Database
Learn more









  




  


  
































 
						SmartDelta Fund LP 
					

					D
				

					  0001685894-16-000001 
				


				Notice of exempt offering of securities - made without registration ( Regulation D and Section 4 Small Businesses ) 










 
							filing date 
						


Oct. 5, 2016

 
							effectiveness date 
						


Oct. 5, 2016

 
							date of filing date change 
						


Oct. 5, 2016



Signed By

 Gurpreet Oberoi


						accession number
					
 
						
						  0001685894-16-000001
						
					

						type
					
 
						
						  D
						
					

						public document count
					
 
						
						  1
						
					

							items descs
						

								06b Federal Exemptions and Exclusions: Rule 506(b)
							

								3C Federal Exemptions and Exclusions: Investment Company Act Section 3(c)
							

								3C.1 Federal Exemptions and Exclusions: Investment Company Act Section 3(c)(1)
							





New!



		Contact
	


Looking to load all Form D filings easily into a spreadsheet or database?

Subscribe to files containing this and  over 250,000++ Form D filings from 2008 - Now
Easily sort / filter/graph offerings based on 'Offering Amount', 'city/state', 'Industry','# investors', and every field seen in this filing


Load in Microsoft Excel / Google Sheets 
Developers: CSV files work with Python / Java / databases, etc
API access Get access to all filings - old and new via real-time API
Real-Time alerts for this and all other form types






Key documents and exhibits


Link:
Type
Id
filename




 
					
 	  					D
 	  				
				


D


1


 primary_doc.xml







 






	  Primary Issuer 
	


SmartDelta Fund LP


			[ Limited Partnership ] 
			 Jurisdiction: 
			DELAWARE
		


	 
	
	 4610 Center Blvd
	 
	  1502
	
	   Long Island City, 
	   NY, 
	  
	
	  
		
		

			
			 
		
		
		
		 USA
		
	
	   9292785258    
	    

		
	

	  Related Persons
	


Gurpreet Oberoi

[ Executive Officer ] 

	 
	
	 712 Evelyn Ave
	 
	
	
	  ,  North Bellmore, 
	   NY, 
	  
	
	  
		
		, 
		
	    
	    
		    
			  
			
			 
		
		
		
		 USA
		
	
	    
	    

		
	


Krishna Mohan

[ Executive Officer ] 

	 
	
	 545 N Dearborn St
	 
	 ,  3306
	
	  ,  Chicago, 
	   IL, 
	  
	
	  
		
		, 
		
	    
	    
		    
			  
			
			 
		
		
		
		 USA
		
	
	    
	    

		
	


		  Industry
		

		 Pooled Investment Fund Hedge Fund
		

			Offering Data
		

			Agg net asset value range: Decline to Disclose


Date of first sale: 
Yet to occur 


			
				[ Pooled investment fund ]
			
		

			Total offer 
		
 
			$ Indefinite
		

			Total sold 
		
 
			$ 0
		

			Total remaining 
		
 
			$ Indefinite
		

			# investors
		
 
			0 investors have already invested in this offering
		



			Signature
		


				SmartDelta Fund LP [ Gurpreet Oberoi ]  
				Gurpreet Oberoi [ CCO ] 2016-10-01
			
















Type
Filing
Company
SIC
Rel
IRS #
State of INC
FY End
Mailing address
Former
Filing Vals


filer







SmartDelta Fund LP
 Cik: 0001685894
		  
		
			


	
		

	 
	
	 9554 BRAYES MANOR DR
	 
	
	
	   MENTOR, 
	   OH, 
	   44060
	
	  
		
		

			
			 
		
		
		
		 USA
		
	
	    
	    

		
		

 


364836489



			USA 
		
		[ DE ] 
1231



	 
	
	 9554 BRAYES MANOR DR
	 
	
	
	   MENTOR, 
	   OH, 
	   44060
	
	  
		
		

			
			 
		
		
		
		 USA
		
	
	    
	    

			
		
	




form typeD
act33
file number021-271845
film number161921527
























































Csl Energy Fund LP 811 Main St Houston, TX Energy Management Systems & Products - MapQuest







































































































    Csl Energy Fund LP
  

811 Main St

Houston
TX
77002




 Reviews




Website

        Menu & Reservations
      



            Make Reservations 




            Order Online
          

            Tickets
          




          Tickets
        


        See Availability
      





      Nearby
    


      Directions
    


    {{::location.tagLine.value.text}}
  



Sponsored Topics








































See a problem?
Let us know!






















Legal






Help





























Smart Portfolio | TipRanks








































Eco Products Fund, L.P. | Clinton Foundation































Jump to navigation








Clinton Foundation 


Search



Search 





 


Explore the Clinton Foundation's Work

Our Work
Get Involved
Blog
Ways to Give
Donate
About
Media Center
Careers
Contact Us
 


Menu










Clinton Global InitiativeMember LoginFacebookTwitterYouTube 




About UsMission
Model
Commitments to Action

MeetingsCGI University
CGI Annual Meeting
CGI America
CGI Winter Meeting
CGI Latin America
CGI Middle East & Africa
Multimedia

Commitments
Stories
CGI U








Commitment to Action 



Eco Products Fund, L.P.



Commitment by


    Equator Environmental, LLC  





In 2007, Equator and New Forest committed to establish the Eco Products Fund, a $100 million fund for investment in carbon, wetlands, and biodiversity mitigation. The fund is primarily focused on opportunities within United States, but also intends to devote a portion of the capital to international endeavors. The Eco Products Fund has committed over $20 million to forest carbon and wetlands mitigation projects. The fund is aimed at realizing value from illiquid environmental assets such as carbon, water, and biodiversity, and to use innovative financial structures to represent the value of these critical services in the marketplace.






Share




 


Recent Stories








A Year in Review: 11 Inspiring Moments from 2016

    by Donna E. Shalala 

Dec 22, 2016 

Since 2001, the Clinton Foundation has worked to improve lives around the world and build upon President Clinton’s legacy of public service. 
Read More about A Year in Review: 11 Inspiring Moments from 2016







This week: The Foundation’s Programs at Work 

    by Donna E. Shalala 

Oct 28, 2016 

Here are the latest updates of some of the Foundation’s programs at work: 
Read More about This week: The Foundation’s Programs at Work 




View All Stories 
 






TabsOverviewSummary 
    Commitment  

    Eco Products Fund, L.P.  

    Launched  

    2007  

    Est. Duration  

    3 Years  

    Estimated Total Value  

    $100,000,000  
 
    Region  

    Latin America & Caribbean,   

    Asia,   

    Northern America  

    Countries  

    BRAZIL,   

    MALAYSIA,   

    United States  
 
    Commitment by  

    Equator Environmental, LLC  

    Partner(s) of the Commitment Maker(s)  

    Fundecor,   

    New Forests, Inc.  

Details

I. Equator Environmental will create a $100 million private equity fund to make investments in wetlands mitigation, endangered species conservation, carbon sequestration, water quality, and other ecosystem-based projects, and to monetize the value of such projects.  All investments will be based on land, forest or vegetation-based projects in North America.
Ecosystems provide many of the services upon which the global economy depends, such as water purification, biodiversity conservation and atmospheric climate regulation.  Globally, approximately 60% of 'ecosystem services' provided by nature are being used unsustainably or are in decline. Over the past twenty years, the amount of developed land has grown by 50% in the United States through increasing population and urbanization, creating pollution, water quality and other environmental problems.  The weight of the economy on the natural infrastructure of the U.S. has led to the pricing of ecosystems services.  Equator Environmental believes that by establishing a fund to invest in projects that preserve and enhance the viability of our ecosystems, we can have a direct impact on the preservation of our ecological assets. Equator also believes that by monetizing such assets through the creation of environmental credits and other 'eco products', we will be able to enhance the market value of our ecosystems, and create further incentives for environmental conservation.
II CGI's tremendous leadership over the past two years on environmental issues has helped inspire Equator Environmental to launch this fund, which is the first of its kind.
Measures of Success: Measures of success may include the growth of nascent markets (carbon, biodiversity, endangered species and water), creation of new financial platforms and instruments for these markets, and a rise in public awareness.
TIMELINE:
Anticipated Launch: December, 2007
First Milestone(s): Invest in at least one of each: terrestrial carbon sequestration project, wetlands mitigation project, endangered species project.
06/30/08:
Participants in this Activity: Members of Equator Environmental, LLC and New Forests Inc.


    Background  

The Eco-Products Fund will be jointly managed by Equator Environmental LLC and New Forests Inc.  Equator and New Forests bring together critical areas of expertise in underlying scientific and technical disciplines and in financial structuring, trading and commercialization of assets. In addition, the partnership creates a one stop shop with strengths in sourcing/origination, transaction management, and distribution.


    Partnership Opportunities  

SEEKING:  implementing partners, best practices information.
OFFERING:  financial resources, implementing partners, best practices information, media and marketing assistance.


Progress Reports

July 2008
The current flagship program of the commitment is the Duck's Unlimited Avoided Grassland Conversion Project in the Prairie Pothole Region.  The goal of the DU Avoided Grassland Conversion project is to protect the Prairie Pothole Region (of North Dakota, South Dakota and Montana) by placing perpetual conservation easements to avoid conversion to cropping. The Project aims to protect 30,000 acres by the end of 2009.
Milestones Reached:
- Currently, over 10,000 acres have been placed under easement or are pending acceptance by the National Fish and Wildlife Service.
- To date, the National Fish and Wildlife Service has never rejected any of Equator Environmental's proposed easements.


 






Explore More Ways to Take Action











Commitment to Action Tech Girls Rock


    Get Involved  
















Commitment to Action Advancing Girls' Rights Through Sports


    Get Involved  
















Commitment to Action  Bananeira Gera Renda- Generating Income for Women in Brazil


    Get Involved  





Browse All Commitments to Action 


From Around the Foundation

Next
Previous












Blog Post                          Stay up to date with the Clinton Foundation on Medium        
        

    Clinton Foundation  

June 26, 2017 
















Blog Post                          The Foundation at Work: Presidential Advice to Emerging Leaders and Improving Health in Our Communities        
        

    Donna E. Shalala  

March 6, 2017 
















Blog Post                          The Foundation at Work: Presidential Scholars Convene in D.C., CGI U announces 2017 Meeting in Boston, and a Day of Action to address Diaper Need in New York        
        

    Donna E. Shalala  

February 11, 2017 





View More Stories 



 







