




SmartShyp, Inc. - Other- Babb  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









SmartShyp, Inc.

      Industry: Other
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    8 East Broadway Suite 550  
    Salt Lake City, UT, 84111Phone: 8882881705 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-12-23


New


Yet to Sell


$0


Equity Only


06b


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Tyler Babb 
 Director, Executive 





















 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version












 






  dbestproducts,Inc. – dbest products, Inc
  

















































Sign in
or
Create an Account








Search




          Cart 0








Menu




      Cart 0






































Top Sellers

More top sellers ›










Bigger Smart Cart - Black


Regular price
$3999
$39.99











Smart Cart - Black


Regular price
$2999
$29.99











Trolley Dolly - Blue


Regular price
$3999
$39.99








Trolley Dollys

More trolley dollys ›










Trolley Dolly - Black


Regular price
$3999
$39.99











Stair Climber Trolley Dolly - Blue


Regular price
$4999
$49.99











Laundry Trolley Dolly - Brown


Regular price
$5500
$55.00























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











SMART SHOP, INC. Credit report, products, contacts













 Florida






Search









    SMART SHOP, INC.











Company number S91855
        

Status Inactive
        

FEI number 000000000
        

Company Type Domestic for Profit
        

Home State FL
        

Last activity date 10/9/1992
        

Date Of Incorporation 11/4/1991
        

Principal Address
            1314 STRATFORD STREET, WEST PALM BEACH, FL, 33414
            


Mailing Address 1314 STRATFORD STREET, WEST PALM BEACH, FL, 33414
        
SMART SHOP, INC. Principals

Director
                Shields Joseph J
                 


Address
                1314 STRATFORD ST, WEST PALM BCH, FL
                 



Director
                Kane Brenda M
                 


Address
                1314 STRATFORD ST, WEST PALM BCH, FL
                 







Registered Agent

Agent Name WALSER, THOMAS C ESQ (c)
        

Agent Address
                7015 BERACASA WAY, BOCA RATON, FL, 33433
                

SMART SHOP, INC. Events

1 ADMIN DISSOLUTION   FOR ANNUAL REPORT
            

filedDate 10/9/1992
            

Description
SMART SHOP, INC. has been set up 11/4/1991 in state FL.  
The current status of the business is Inactive. The SMART SHOP, INC. principal adress is 1314 STRATFORD STREET, WEST PALM BEACH, FL, 33414. 
Meanwhile you can send your letters to 1314 STRATFORD STREET, WEST PALM BEACH, FL, 33414. 
The company`s registered agent is WALSER, THOMAS C ESQ 7015 BERACASA WAY, BOCA RATON, FL, 33433.  
The company`s management are Director - Shields Joseph J, Director - Kane Brenda M. The last significant event in the company history is ADMIN DISSOLUTION   FOR ANNUAL REPORT which is dated by 10/9/1992. This decision is take in action on unknown. 






Comprehensive Report about this company
        





(view sample)








Similar Companies
SMART SHOP LLC
SMART SHOP OF FORT MYERS INC
SMARTSHOP ONLINE, INC.
SMART SHOPPE INC THE
SMARTSHOPPERCITY
SMARTSHOPPER ELECTRONICS, INC.



















Terms of Service | SmartShyp

































































 











Facebook




Twitter


Resources
Blog
Login
  
 
 












Select Page


  
 



 



 






Terms of Service

PLEASE CAREFULLY READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS TERMS OF USE AGREEMENT (“AGREEMENT”). BY INDICATING BELOW THAT YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT, YOU HAVE ENTERED INTO A LEGALLY BINDING AGREEMENT WITH SMARTSHYP, LLC
These terms and conditions control your use of the SmartShyp website. Your acceptance of the terms and conditions of this Agreement will constitute your agreement, on behalf of yourself and the entity you represent (hereinafter collectively “you” or “your”), to all of the terms and conditions provided below.
SmartShyp, LLC (“SmartShyp”) reserves the right to make modifications, alterations or updates to this site and these terms and conditions at any time and without notice to users. You accept the affirmative obligation to periodically review whether or not these terms and conditions have changed, and your continued use of this site shall be deemed an acceptance and agreement to be bound by such modifications, alterations or updates.
Please note that, as explained further below, your use of the SmartShyp website is at your own risk.
(“Service”). This SmartShyp Terms of Service Agreement (“Agreement”” is a legal agreement between you and SmartShyp, LLC. (“SmartShyp,” “we,” “our” or “us”). This Agreement is divided into two parts. Part one explains all of the terms that govern your use of the shipping software Service. Part two contains additional legal terms, including provisions that limit our liability to you and govern any potential legal dispute. In order to use the Service, you must accept all of the terms. We want to make it easier for you to accept payments and have developed a payments service.
Part One:
Terms Governing Use of the Service
General Use of SmartShyp
Smartshyp.com is provided solely for the use of SmartShyp, its current and potential customers of such businesses and may not be used by any other person or entity. It may not be used for any purpose other than in connection with the business or potential business relationship between such parties. Specifically, all shipping, tracking, rating, and other related information and services may only be used by SmartShyp customers and or their affiliates for their own shipments.
SmartShyp Account Registration.
You must register with SmartShyp (“SmartShyp Account”) in order to use the Service. Our registration process will ask you for certain information including your name and other personal information. You must provide accurate and complete information in response to our questions. You must also keep the information that you provide up-to-date.
Both individuals and businesses may register for a SmartShyp Account. In the case of a business, you must provide accurate and complete information about yourself as well as the business. You can only sign-up to use the Service on behalf of a legally recognized business if you are authorized to act on behalf of the business and have the authority to bind the business to this Agreement. In order to sign up a business to use the Service, you must agree to this Agreement on behalf of the business. If you have so agreed, “you” means you, the natural person, as well as the business. User Name.
You must choose a reasonably descriptive user name that clearly identifies you, your email address, or your business. If a transaction dispute results from your failure to use a reasonably descriptive user name, you agree to indemnify SmartShyp for any costs stemming from such dispute.
Software.
The SmartShyp software is part of the Service. Among other things, the software enables you to access and use the Service. When you install the software, you will be asked to create your user profile and to establish a SmartShyp Account on the SmartShyp website. You must complete this and other processes in order to access any funds that you accept through the Service. You must install any and all software updates to continue to use the Service.
Verification and Inspection.
If your request to open a SmartShyp Account is approved, SmartShyp may request additional information from you at any time. SmartShyp may ask you to present invoices from your suppliers, a government issued identification such as a passport or driver’s license, or a business license. SmartShyp may also ask for permission to inspect your business location. If you refuse any of these requests, your SmartShyp Account may be terminated. We reserve the right to suspend or terminate the SmartShyp Account of any user who provides inaccurate, untrue, or incomplete information, or fails to comply with the account registration requirements.
Compatible Mobile Devices and Third Party Carrier Fees.
Your SmartShyp Account permits you to complete payment card transactions on a compatible mobile device. Devices modified contrary to the manufacturer’s software or hardware guidelines, including but not limited to disabling hardware or software controls—sometimes referred to as “jailbreaking”—are not compatible mobile devices. You acknowledge that the use of a modified device to use the Service is expressly prohibited, constitutes a violation of the terms of this Agreement, and is grounds for termination of your SmartShyp Account. SmartShyp does not warrant that the Service will be compatible with your mobile device.
Your use of the Service may be subject to the terms of your agreements with your mobile device manufacturer and your carrier. Service is currently available on: AT&T, T-Mobile®, Sprint, Nextel, Virgin Mobile, Verizon Wireless, Alltel, Dobson, Cellular One, NTelos, US Cellular and Cincinnati Bell.
Your SmartShyp Account.
By creating a SmartShyp Account, you confirm that you are either a legal resident of the United States, a United States citizen or a business entity authorized to conduct business by the state in which it operates. The Service and your SmartShyp Account may only be used in the fifty states of the United States of America and the District of Columbia. You may not export the Service directly or indirectly, and you acknowledge that the Service may be subject to export restrictions imposed by US law, including US Export Administration Regulations (15 C.F.R. Chapter VII).
By creating a SmartShyp Account, you also confirm that you will not ship merchandise in connection with the following businesses or business activities: (1) any illegal activity, (2) buyers or membership clubs, (3) credit counseling or repair agencies, (4) credit protection or identity theft protection services, (5) direct marketing or subscription offers or services, (6) infomercial sales, (7) internet/mail order/telephone order pharmacies or pharmacy referral services (where fulfillment of medication is performed with an internet or telephone consultation, absent a physical visit with a physician including re-importation of pharmaceuticals from foreign countries), (8) multi-level marketing businesses, (9) inbound or outbound telemarketers, (10) prepaid phone cards or phone services, (11) rebate based businesses, (12) up-sell merchants, (13) bill payment services, (14) gambling or betting, including lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, off-track betting, and wagers at races, (15) financial institutions offering manual or automated cash disbursements, (16) financial institutions offering merchandise and services, (17) sales of money-orders or foreign currency by non-financial institutions, (18) wire transfer money orders, (19) high-risk merchants, including telemarketing merchants, (20) service station merchants, (21) automated fuel dispensers, (22) adult entertainment oriented products or services (in any medium, e.g., internet, telephone or printed material), (23) internet/mail order/telephone order firearm or weapon sales, (24) internet/mail order/telephone order cigarette or tobacco sales, (25) drug paraphernalia, (26) occult materials, (27) hate products, (28) escort services, and (29) bankruptcy attorneys.
By accepting this Agreement you confirm that you will satisfy these requirements.
Your Authorization
Fees and Payment
A. Fees.In consideration of the Services, Customer will pay to SmartShyp all fees due according to the prices and terms listed on the website. All sales are final and SmartShyp offers no partial or full refunds of any kind on any purchase unless otherwise expressly noted, even if your Services are suspended, terminated or transferred before the end of the Services. SmartShyp expressly reserves the right to change or modify its prices and fees at any time, and such changes or modifications shall be posted online at this Site and effective immediately without need for further notice to you. If you have purchased Services for a period of months or years, changes or modifications in prices and fees shall be effective when the Services in question come up for renewal.
B. Payment.All payments are due upon signup; the Services will not begin until payment is received. All recurring charges will be due on the monthly, semi-annual, annual or multi-year anniversary date of your initial signup. If a payment is returned or rejected by SmartShyp bank, or incurs additional costs for SmartShyp (e.g., bank fees) for any reason, then Customer may be charged a service fee of $40 and be required reimburse all such fees and costs incurred by SmartShyp, and Customer shall be immediately deemed to be in default of this Agreement. Accounts and all amounts in default are subject to a late payment charge of 1.5% per month, or the maximum amount permitted by law, whichever is greater, until fully paid. If Customer defaults, Customer agrees to pay SmartShyp its reasonable expenses, including attorney, in house legal expenses and collection agency fees, incurred in enforcing its rights.
C. Billing Policies and Cycles.We offer billing via credit card , debit card charge, and ACH only. All initial fees must be paid prior to shipping label printing. These fees may include service setup fees and first month service charge. Our billing cycle begins on the day we setup your account, and is due on that day and time each shipping label is processed thereafter. SmartShyp attempts to automatically charge the credit card on file for any past due invoice for current, additional shipping charges, suspended and cancelled accounts. Accounts suspended and reactivated must pay all past due and current amounts. Accounts past due over 30 days cannot be reactivated. You must sign up for new service and pay the full setup fees associated with the plan you choose. To cancel your account, you must follow the procedure in Section 18. All accounts requesting cancellation are terminated on the last day of your billing cycle.
D. Taxes.All fees charged by SmartShyp for the Services are exclusive of all taxes, VAT and similar fees now in force or enacted in the future imposed on the transaction and/or the delivery of Services, all of which Customer will be responsible for and will pay in full, except for taxes based on SmartShyp net income. If SmartShyp is required to pay directly any such taxes, Customer will, upon receipt of SmartShyp invoice, promptly reimburse SmartShyp for any such taxes paid by SmartShyp
Restricted Use
You may use this Service only to the extent that you obey all laws, rules, and regulations applicable to your use of the Service. You may not act as a payment intermediary, aggregator or service bureau or otherwise resell our services on behalf of any third party. This means that you may not use the Service to handle, process or transmit funds for any third party. You also may not use the Service to process cash advances.
Unauthorized or Illegal Use.
We may decide not to authorize or settle any transaction that you submit to us if we believe that the transaction is in violation of any SmartShyp agreement, or exposes you, other SmartShyp users, our processors or SmartShyp to harm. Harm includes fraud and other criminal acts. If we reasonably suspect that your SmartShyp Account has been used for an unauthorized, illegal, or criminal purpose, you give us express authorization to share information about you, your SmartShyp Account, and any of your transactions with law enforcement.
Accepted Cards.
SmartShyp works with any US-issued and most non-US issued credit, debit, pre-paid, or gift cards with a Visa, MasterCard, American Express, or Discover logo. We currently do not accept HSA cards (Health Savings Account), even if they have a Visa, MasterCard, American Express, or Discover logo on them. We may remove or add Cards that we accept at any time without prior notice. We will only process Cards that receive an authorization from the applicable Network or card issuer. The person who presents the card to you (“the Payer”), may not be authorized to use the card or otherwise contest the transaction through the Chargeback process (described below Other Terms
There may be additional terms and conditions provided throughout SmartShyp governing your use of particular services, functions, features, information and applications available through SmartShyp. Your use of the website constitutes your agreement to such additional terms and conditions as if incorporated here.
Class Action Waiver
Any proceedings to resolve or litigate any dispute in any forum will be conducted solely on an individual basis. Neither you nor Provider will seek to have any dispute heard as a class action or in any other proceeding in which either party acts or proposes to act in a representative capacity. No arbitration or proceeding will be combined with another without the prior written consent of all parties to all affected arbitrations or proceedings.
API Terms
Customers may access their SmartShyp account data via an API (Application Program Interface). Any use of the API, including use of the API through a third-party product that accesses SmartShyp, is bound by the terms of this agreement plus the following specific terms:
You expressly understand and agree that Provider shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential or exemplary damages, including but not limited to, damages for loss of profits, goodwill, use, data or other intangible losses (even if Provider has been advised of the possibility of such damages), resulting from your use of the API or third-party products that access data via the API.
Abuse or excessively frequent requests to SmartShyp via the API may result in the temporary or permanent suspension of your account’s access to the API. Provider, in its sole discretion, will determine abuse or excessive usage of the API. Provider will make a reasonable attempt via email to warn the account owner prior to suspension.
Provider reserves the right at any time to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, your access to the API (or any part thereof) with or without notice.
Intellectual Property
SmartShyp and all content included on this site, including without limitation, text, graphics, logos, trademarks, trade names, button icons, images, pre-designed templates, sounds, software, processing and other functionality, and all other material placed by SmartShyp (collectively called the “Content”), and the collection, arrangement and assembly of the Content, is the property of or licensed by SmartShyp or its suppliers and service providers and is protected by U.S. and international copyright laws, trademark and other laws. SmartShyp does not convey to anyone, by allowing access to SmartShyp, any rights in SmartShyp, ownership or otherwise, or in any Content appearing on or made available through SmartShyp. Except as provided in paragraph 6, (a) no interest in the Content, whether in whole or in part, may be sold, assigned, encumbered, licensed or otherwise transferred by you or any third parties and (b) you may not copy, modify, translate, transmit, distribute, adapt, reproduce, decompile, reverse engineer or disassemble any part of SmartShyp or its Content. All service marks, trademarks, trade name, trade dress and other indicia of source used herein and otherwise by SmartShyp (collectively called the “Marks”) are proprietary to SmartShyp or other respective owners that have granted SmartShyp the right and license to use such Marks. You do not receive any trademark rights or any other rights in or to the Marks or to the Content.
Limited Copy Use
You may download a copy of information and documents (collectively “Materials”) found on this site, and may print a single copy of such Materials provided that (1) use of such Materials is for you individually for informational purposes only and not for further commercialization, (2) you will not further copy or print more than one copy of the Materials, or post all or any part of them on any network computer, bulletin board or similar service or rebroadcast them via any media, and (3) no modifications, alterations, deletions or derivative work of any Materials is made by any copying or reproduction, redistribution or re-broadcasting. Use for any purpose or for commercial exploitation not expressly granted herein is prohibited. SmartShyp may terminate this authorization to use the Materials at any time. Upon such termination you must immediately destroy all copies of the Materials in your possession. Images of people or places displayed on this site are either the property of, or used with permission by, SmartShyp. The use of these images by you, or anyone else authorized by you, is prohibited unless specifically permitted by these terms and conditions or specific permission provided elsewhere on this site. Any unauthorized use of the images may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and communication laws.
Interactive Feature Terms
You understand and agree that the use of certain interactive features available on SmartShyp is to facilitate your obtaining shipping services from third-party shipping companies (each a “Carrier”), including United Parcel Service General Services Co. (“UPS”), United States Postal Office (“USPS”), DHL Express Service (“DHL”), Federal Express Corporation (“FEDEX”). You agree to be subject to and comply with all obligations and requirements applicable to your use of such shipping services (“Carrier Services”), including all terms, conditions and limitations of liability applicable to your use of such Carrier Services as determined by the applicable Company and, separately, by the applicable Carriers and that Carrier’s rules and tariffs (“Carrier Tariffs”) will take precedence over this Agreement as applicable. Specifically, UPS, USPS, DHL, FEDEX shipments manifested through the SmartShyp web site under a UPS, USPS, DHL, FEDEX account number are subject to and governed by the then-current shipping services contract for the applicable UPS, USPS, DHL, FEDEX account, including the right of UPS, USPS, DHL, FEDEX to prohibit further shipping under such UPS, USPS, DHL, FEDEX account. ALL SHIPMENTS TENDERED TO UPS FOR DELIVERY ARE SUBJECT TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH IN THE UPS TARIFF/TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF SERVICE IN EFFECT AT THE TIME OF SHIPPING. The UPS, USPS, DHL, FEDEX Tariff/Terms and Conditions of Service can be found at www.ups.com, www.usps.com , www.dhl.com , www.fedex.com
You assume all responsibility for the preparation and accuracy of the information that you provide to the Carriers and, if applicable, your SmartShyp account, using such interactive features, and the preparation and accuracy of all applicable shipping documentation. You assume all responsibility for complying with any applicable export requirements imposed by law on your shipping activity.
Additionally, you agree to remit payment for all charges in connection with your use of such Carrier Services imposed by Carriers or, if applicable, your SmartShyp account. If the information you provide about a shipment is incomplete or inaccurate in any way, you authorize the applicable Carrier and/or your SmartShyp account to complete or correct it on your behalf and adjust the charges accordingly. You agree to pay or reimburse your SmartShyp account for all shipment charges, storage charges, duties and taxes owed for Carrier Services provided by a Carrier on your behalf and all claims, damages, fines and expenses incurred as a result of customs or your or the consignee’s failure to provide proper documentation or to obtain any required authorizations, licenses or permits and any other expenses that are assessed or incurred in connection with shipments tendered by you (collectively, “Additional Charges”). If your original payment is made by use of a credit card, you expressly authorize your SmartShyp account to obtain payment of the Additional Charges by use of such credit card. All payments for UPS, USPS, DHL, FEDEX Carrier Services shall be paid by you to SmartShyp or the applicable SmartShyp account(s). With respect to a UPS, USPS, DHL, FEDEX Carrier Service, you specifically acknowledge that you will deal exclusively with the SmartShyp account through which you obtained shipping services for all claims for cargo loss, damage and delay, as well as all other claims arising out of the transportation of a shipment.
You will defend, indemnify and hold harmless SmartShyp, SmartShyp accounts and SmartShyp(s)’ affiliated companies, and their respective officers, directors, employees and agents from and against any and all losses, damages, claims and other items of cost and expense arising out of your failure to so comply with the Carriers’ shipping terms and conditions of service, your accounts’ terms and conditions or legal requirements applicable to your shipping activities.
To the extent that SmartShyp’s features provide you with the opportunity to send messages regarding your use of the website or related shipping services, SmartShyp does not commit to keeping your message private or confidential. By using such features, you acknowledge that SmartShyp is providing the technical functionality only, and that you are solely responsible for the content of such messages. SmartShyp undertakes no duty to monitor any messages sent by you. However, SmartShyp, in its sole discretion, may elect, but is not obligated, to look at your messages to protect itself. You may not use SmartShyp to disseminate inflammatory, infringing, obscene, or other unlawful information, or to threaten, harass, abuse or otherwise violate the legal rights of others or perform any act contrary to law. If SmartShyp sees or hears about messages sent via such features that violate these provisions, or that may damage SmartShyp, it may take all actions necessary to protect itself, including disclosing any messages to the law enforcement authorities.
You acknowledge that all data you transfer to UPS, USPS, DHL, FEDEX through SmartShyp will be used by UPS, USPS, DHL, FEDEX, and its then current affiliates, and their respective shareholders, officers, directors, employees, agents, partners, third-party suppliers and third-party licensors (“UPS, USPS, DHL, FEDEX Parties”) consistent with the UPS, USPS, DHL, FEDEX Privacy Policy in force at the time of the submission of such data. You hereby authorize and appoint UPS, USPS, DHL, FEDEX, and their affiliates, successors and assigns to share records referred to in 19 C.F.R., Parts 111 and 163, including any documents, data, or information pertaining to the your business, with any or all of the subsidiaries and/or divisions of United Parcel Service, Inc. (cumulatively, “UPSI”). UPSI, including without limitation, UPS and UPS Supply Chain Solutions, Inc., may engage a third party to provide routine and administrative business processes (e.g. bill generation, collections, banking, data imaging, and document storage), and you hereby provide UPSI with consent to the release of documents, including those pertaining to your business, for the purpose of the recipient performing such routine and administrative business processes. You acknowledge, consistent with the UPS Supply Chain Solutions, Inc. Terms and Conditions of Service, that you have the duty and are solely liable for maintaining all records required under the Customs and/or other laws of the United States and that UPSI is not required to, and UPSI does not accept an obligation to, act as a “recordkeeper” or “recordkeeping agent” for you. YOU UNDERSTAND AND ACKNOWLEDGE THAT UPS WILL SHARE INFORMATION RELATING TO YOUR SHIPPING VIA UPS WITH SMARTSHYP AND SMARTSHYP’ USERS, AND YOU HEREBY CONSENT TO SAME.
To the extent that SmartShyp’s features provide you with the opportunity to maintain an address book for repeated use of data for using interactive features and services on the website, or maintains other of your information in any fashion, SmartShyp will use reasonable efforts to maintain such data. If you do not use such address book data for a period of 6 months, SmartShyp may delete your data. You should maintain a back-up copy of your addresses. SmartShyp will not be responsible for the loss of addresses contained in the address book or the loss or inaccuracy of any other data maintained on your behalf.
The UPS, USPS, DHL, FEDEX package tracking systems accessed via SmartShyp UPS, USPS, DHL, FEDEX tracking information obtained through SmartShyp (the “Tracking Information”) are the private property of UPS, USPS, DHL, FEDEX. UPS, USPS, DHL, FEDEX authorizes you to use the UPS, USPS, DHL, FEDEX Tracking Systems solely to track shipments tendered by or for you to UPS for delivery and for no other purpose. Without limitation, you are not authorized to make the Tracking Information available on any web site or otherwise reproduce, distribute, copy, store, use or sell the Tracking Information for commercial gain without the express written consent of UPS, USPS, DHL, FEDEX. This is a personal service, thus your right to use the UPS, USPS, DHL, FEDEX Tracking Systems or Tracking Information is non-assignable. Any access or use that is inconsistent with these terms is unauthorized and strictly prohibited.
UPS, USPS, DHL, FEDEX provides international shipping forms and access to an application that generates such forms and provides related information (“International Shipping Application”) via SmartShyp for the convenience of its valued customers. However, use of these forms and the International Shipping Application is at your own risk, and the forms and information generated by or referred to in the International Shipping Application may change or be updated without notice. The selection of the appropriate forms and the proper completion of all necessary documentation is the responsibility of the shipper. Suggestion of forms by the International Shipping Application does not constitute legal advice to the shipper or any other person. Additional documentation not provided by the International Shipping Application may be required to clear your international package through Customs. IN NO EVENT WILL UPS, USPS, DHL, FEDEX OR SMARTSHYP BE LIABLE TO ANY PERSON OR ENTITY FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL OR OTHER DAMAGES UNDER ANY THEORY OF LAW FOR ANY ERRORS IN THE INFORMATION, FORMS, OR FEATURES OF THE INTERNATIONAL SHIPPING APPLICATION, EVEN IF YOU HAVE ADVISED UPS, USPS, DHL, FEDEX AND/OR SMARTSHYP OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. UPS AND SMARTSHYP EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO THE INTERNATIONAL SHIPPING APPLICATION AND THE FORMS AND INFORMATION PROVIDED BY THE INTERNATIONAL SHIPPING APPLICATION INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
Warranty and Disclaimer of Warranty
You warrant and represent to SmartShyp that you and the individuals you appoint are authorized to act in the manner in which they act to secure the Carrier Services and that your use of the SmartShyp web site and Carrier Services shall at all times be in compliance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations, including, but not limited to, customs, import, export, bonding (inclusive of alcoholic beverages) and those laws, rules and regulations that apply to the offer and shipment of hazardous materials or dangerous goods. If you offer hazardous materials or dangerous goods, you specifically warrant that (a) you are qualified by all regulations and laws; (b) you are the sole offeror; and (c) you are not relying in any way upon SmartShyp as a qualified offeror. You warrant and represent to UPS, USPS, DHL, FEDEX that you: (i) have the right to provide UPS, USPS, DHL, FEDEX the data you transfer to UPS through the SmartShyp web site; and (ii) you have a bona fide interest in the UPS, USPS, DHL, FEDEX information you receive through the SmartShyp web site and shipments associated with such information.
SMARTSHYP AND THE CONTENT, MATERIALS AND SERVICES (INCLUDING CARRIER SERVICES) CONTAINED IN OR OFFERED THROUGH SMARTSHYP (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, DROP BOX LOCATOR AND SHIPMENT TRACKING SERVICES AND SHIPPING RELATED INFORMATION) ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” BASIS BY SMARTSHYP AND ITS LICENSORS AND THE CARRIERS WITHOUT WARRANTY. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, SMARTSHYP AND ITS USERS, LICENSORS AND CARRIERS DISCLAIM ALL REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH RESPECT TO YOUR USE OR INABILITY TO USE SMARTSHYP AND THE CONTENT, MATERIALS AND SERVICES (INCLUDING CARRIER SERVICES) CONTAINED IN OR OFFERED THROUGH SMARTSHYP, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, FREEDOM FROM COMPUTER VIRUS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARISING FROM COURSE OF DEALING. WITHOUT LIMITING THE GENERALITY OF THE FOREGOING, SMARTSHYP DOES NOT WARRANT THAT FEATURES ON SMARTSHYP WILL MEET ALL OF YOUR REQUIREMENTS OR THAT ITS OPERATIONS WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, SECURE, TIMELY OR ERROR FREE. THE INFORMATION ON OR PROVIDED BY SMARTSHYP COULD CONTAIN ERRORS, TECHNICAL INACCURACIES AND TYPOGRAPHICAL ERRORS. SMARTSHYP ASSUMES NO OBLIGATION TO CORRECT ANY ERROR, INACCURACY OR DEFECT IN THIS SITE. FURTHER, SMARTSHYP DOES NOT WARRANT NOR MAKE ANY REPRESENTATION REGARDING THE RESULTS OF YOUR USE OF THE FEATURES ON SMARTSHYP IN TERMS OF CAPABILITY, CORRECTNESS, ACCURACY, RELIABILITY OR OTHERWISE. NO ORAL OR WRITTEN INFORMATION, REPRESENTATION OR ADVICE GIVEN BY SMARTSHYP, AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF SMARTSHYP OR ACCOUNT USERS SHALL CREATE A WARRANTY THAT IS INCONSISTENT OR CONFLICTING WITH THE FOREGOING DISCLAIMER.
Limitation of Liability
USE OF SMARTSHYP AND THE CONTENT, MATERIALS AND SERVICES (INCLUDING CARRIER SERVICES) CONTAINED IN OR OFFERED THROUGH SMARTSHYP IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. NEITHER SMARTSHYP NOR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATED COMPANIES, SUBSIDIARIES, SUPPLIERS, CARRIERS OR SERVICE PROVIDERS IN ANY EVENT WILL BE LIABLE TO ANY PERSON OR ENTITY FOR ANY DIRECT, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE OR OTHER INDIRECT DAMAGES ARISING UNDER THIS AGREEMENT UNDER ANY THEORY OF LAW (A) ARISING OUT OF YOUR USE OR INABILITY TO USE SMARTSHYP IN ANY MANNER; (B) FOR ANY ERRORS IN THE CONTENT, MATERIALS AND SERVICES (INCLUDING CARRIER SERVICES) ON SMARTSHYP; (C) FOR THE PROVISION OR USE OF ANY CONTENT, MATERIALS AND SERVICES (INCLUDING CARRIER SERVICES) VIA THIS SMARTSHYP; (IV) FOR ANY NONDELIVERY, MISDELIVERY, LATE DELIVERY, OR LOST OR DAMAGED SHIPMENTS OR FOR ANY OTHER REASON RESULTING FROM YOUR USE OF SMARTSHYP, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOST PROFITS, BUSINESS OR DATA, EVEN IF YOU HAVE ADVISED SMARTSHYP, ANY OF ITS AFFILIATED COMPANIES, SUBSIDIARIES, SUPPLIERS, CARRIERS AND/OR SERVICE PROVIDERS OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT IF YOU BECOME DISSATISFIED WITH THE SMARTSHYP WEB SITE OR THE SERVICE OR SMARTSHYP’S POLICIES OR DISAGREE WITH ANY MODIFICATION TO THE SMARTSHYP WEB SITE OR ANY THE SERVICE PROVIDED THROUGH THE SMARTSHYP WEB SITE, THAT YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY WILL BE TO DISCONTINUE YOUR USE OF THE SMARTSHYP WEB SITE AND SERVICE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT.
Indemnity
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless SmartShyp and its affiliate companies and users and their respective officers, directors, employees, agents and representatives from any and all claims arising out of your breach of any of these terms and conditions, and any of your activities conducted in connection with this site.
Changes to SmartShyp
SmartShyp may change SmartShyp and its Content, at any time without notice. Your subsequent viewing or use of SmartShyp will constitute your agreement to the changes and modifications.
Termination of Use
SmartShyp may discontinue, suspend or modify SmartShyp at any time with or without reason and without notice, and SmartShyp may block, terminate or suspend any user’s access to SmartShyp at any time for any reason in its sole discretion, even if it allows access to others
Links to Other Websites
SmartShyp site contains “links” that allow you to visit the sites of third parties. Neither these sites nor the companies to whom they belong are controlled by SmartShyp. SmartShyp makes no representations concerning the information provided or made available on such sites nor the quality or acceptability of the products or services offered by any persons or entities referenced in any such sites. SmartShyp makes no representations regarding the correctness, performance or quality of any software found at any such sites.
Privacy Policy
The SmartShyp Privacy Policy governs the use of information acquired from you through SmartShyp; however, with respect to UPS, USPS, DHL, FEDEX related shipping information provided to or from UPS utilizing the SmartShyp web site, the UPS, USPS, DHL, FEDEX Privacy shall govern UPS, USPS, DHL, FEDEX’s use of such information. [other carriers]
Controlling Law and Severability
Your use of SmartShyp under these agreed-upon terms and conditions is governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the United States and the State of Utah, excluding its conflict of laws provisions. If for any reason a court of competent jurisdiction finds any provision of this Agreement, or a portion thereof, to be unenforceable, that provision shall be enforced to the maximum extent permissible. Any cause of action with respect to SmartShyp or this Agreement must be instituted within one year after the claim or cause of action has risen or be barred and must be brought in a court of competent jurisdiction within Salt Lake County, Utah. This Agreement may not be changed or modified without the written consent of SmartShyp.
Reservation of Rights
Any rights not expressly granted by SmartShyp in these terms and conditions are reserved.
Assignment
You may not assign or transfer by contract, by operation or law or otherwise this Agreement or your rights or obligations hereunder without SmartShyp’s prior written consent. SmartShyp may assign this Agreement and its rights and obligations in its sole discretion and without your consent.
Third Party Beneficiary
You expressly acknowledge that UPS, USPS, DHL, FEDEX is a third party beneficiary to Sections 5, 7, 8, and 9 for all purposes, including the right to bring a claim or cause of action or seek a remedy or right of any kind.
ACCEPTANCE OF AGREEMENT
You understand that you can accept these terms and conditions for the use of the SmartShyp Web Site and the Services electronically or by manual execution of this Agreement. Your acceptance shall represent you have read and understand all the terms and conditions.
Shipping Insurance Terms and Conditions
Shipping Insurance Terms and Conditions
Coverage
Coverage provided by this Certificate covers the parcel or freight and its contents from all risks of physical loss or damage from an external cause (subject to the exclusions listed below) while in transit. All parcel or freight that are covered by this Certificate will be shipped in strict accordance with all regulations of the Carrier. Shipments must originate from the United States of America and/or Canada. Outbound shipments must be sent from the address of the Insured. Coverage is only provided for shipments through commercial parcel or freight companies. Inbound shipments are not covered by this Certificate.  
You acknowledge that the insurance coverage is provided by Voyager Indemnity Insurance Company. Voyager is a non-admitted insurer.
If you are shipping using the United States Postal Service, make sure to follow the USPS International Mail Manual rules located here. If you ship a prohibited item, there is NO COVERAGE.
In order for a package to be covered, the shipping carrier must have verified acceptance of your package for mailing. This is found on the respective tracking websites of the shipping carriers. If a shipping label is printed but not scanned by the carrier as accepted it is deemed as never been mailed and there is no coverage.



Pay special attention to the following coverage exclusions and conditions:

Not all commodities and destinations are covered. Make sure the item(s) that you are shipping (Exclusion A) and the destination (Exclusion B) are not excluded from coverage.
Items must not be shipped in the original manufacturers packaging or any packaging that alludes to the contents. (Exclusion E)
All packaging material and damaged goods must be kept in the original form as received. Packaging and damaged goods should not be disposed of, released to the shipping carrier, or returned to the seller before a claim is completed. Failure to comply can result in the denial of the claim. (Condition B, 1)
During the claims process, a claim statement/affidavit signed by the recipient (or intended recipient) will be required. This is a form document provided by Shipsurance that allows the recipient (or intended recipient) to indicate loss or damage. (Condition B, 3, d)





 
Definitions:
The following terms have specific meanings and appear in bold face type throughout this program:

Carrier means the company that is transporting the parcel or freight covered by this program. 
Freight means packages or shipments transported through commercial freight Carriers.
Insured means the Shipper(s), individual(s) or companies who have elected to purchase insurance through this program. 
Parcel means packages or shipments transported through parcel carriers.
SHIPSURANCE means the agent, Shipsurance Insurance Services.
Total Insured Value means the total value of the item(s) declared for insurance coverage. Includes the Carrier provided coverage, if any. 
We, us and our means Voyager Indemnity Insurance Company.

 
Coverage Limits
This insurance covers up to $2,000.00 per package for non USPS First-Class mail shipments and $1,000.00 for USPS First-Class mail shipments. Maximum coverage per conveyance is $100,000.00. Shipments sent domestically via the USPS require tracking to be covered.
EXCLUSIONS
 
This program does not provide coverage for the following:

Accounts, bills, currency, cash in transit, evidence of debt, checks, money orders, cash on delivery (COD) payments, coins (collectible coins are not excluded), securities and other negotiable papers, tickets, deeds, notes, gift cards, manuscripts, documents, neon items, hazardous material (per UPS Hazardous Materials List), LCD monitors or screens, televisions (including LCD, plasma, CRT, projection, and similar), perishable cargo or similar property, eggs, any stone or ceramic slabs, automobiles, motorcycles, live animals, flowers, plants, seeds, cigarettes/cigars, cotton, tobacco, windows, plate glass, stained glass, float glass,  laptop computers (including tablets computers, ipads, and similar electronics), and mobile telephones (including cell phones, smart phones, messaging phones, android phones, iPhones, blackberry phones, and similar)

Shipments sent to Afghanistan, Angola, Bolivia, Burma, Congo, Cuba, Iran, Iraq, Ivory Coast (Cote d’Ivoire), Liberia, Nigeria, North Korea, Paraguay, Sierra Leone, Somalia, Sudan, Syria, Venezuela. Any location that would be in violation of any U.S. economic or trade sanctions including OFAC Restricted Countries. For shipments to Russian and other Commonwealth of Independent States countries (includes Armenia, Azerbaijan, Belarus, Georgia, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Moldova, Russia, Russian Federation, Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, Ukraine, and Uzbekistan) coverage ceases upon touchdown of the aircraft at the airport of destination or upon discharge from the overseas vessel at the destination discharge port.

 

Parcel(s) or freight that require a signature confirmation or signature required service that are not sent using the required signature service are excluded from coverage.

 

Loss, damage, shortage, or non-arrival of any parcel or freight and its contents which is addressed incorrectly or packed insufficiently to withstand the normal rigors of transit.

 

Loss, damage, shortage, or non-arrival of any parcel or freight and its contents when it bears a descriptive label or packaging which describes, or alludes to, the nature of the contents. This includes the manufacturer packaging. International shipments that contain customs declarations are NOT excluded from coverage.

Loss, damage, shortage, or non-arrival of any parcel or freight and the contents when it is obtained by trick, false pretense, or other fraudulent schemes. 

Loss, damage, shortage arising out of loss of market, delay, loss of use, clean-up costs, decay, inherent vice, or other deterioration, any remote or consequential loss, whether or not arising out of a peril insured against or changes in temperature or humidity.

War Exclusion, Atomic and Nuclear Exclusion:

In no case shall this program cover loss damage or expense caused by:

War, civil war, revolution, rebellion, insurrection, or civil strife arising from, or any hostile act by or against a belligerent power;
Capture, seizure, arrest, restraint or detainment (piracy excepted), and the consequences of or any attempt of;
Derelict mines, torpedoes, bombs, or other derelict weapons of war. In no case shall this program cover loss damage or expense arising from the use of any weapon of war employing atomic or nuclear fission, fusion or other like reaction or radioactive force or matter.

 

Mechanical and Electrical Derangement or Mechanical Breakdown – Loss of or damage due to mechanical, electrical, electronic derangement or refrigerated breakdown unless there is evidence of external damage to the parcel or its packaging. Data files and installed computer programs are not covered for erasure, corruption, or loss.

American Institute of Marine Underwriters Extended Radioactive Contamination Exclusion clause. 

American Institute of Marine Underwriters Chemical, Biological, Bio-Chemical, Electromagnetic, and Cyber Weapons Exclusion clause. 

Shipments involving illegal or controlled substances are excluded from coverage.

Pollution

This program does not apply to any damage, expense, cost, loss, liability or legal obligation arising out of or in any way related to pollution, however caused. 

Pollution includes the actual, alleged or potential presence in or introduction into the environment of any substance if such substance has or is alleged to have, the effect of making the environment impure, harmful, or dangerous. Environment includes any air, land, structure or the air therein, watercourse or water, including underground water. We will have no duty to defend any suit arising out of or in any way related to pollution. 

Shipments sent through owned, leased or rented vehicles that are not commercial parcel or freight businesses.


CONDITIONS


CLAIM DISPUTES

This program shall be construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of California.

The parties agree that any and all claims or disputes arising out of the program or the performance of the program shall be brought in Los Angeles County, California.

The Insured agrees to INDEMNIFY AND HOLD HARMLESS SHIPSURANCE and us from any loss, liability, damage or costs, including court costs and attorney fees that they may incur due to misreading, misunderstanding, and not following the coverage requirements provided by this program and any applicable endorsements.


CLAIM REQUIREMENTS


All packaging material and damaged goods must be kept in the original form as received. Packaging and damaged goods should not be disposed of or released to the carrier before a claim is completed as photographs will be required. Failure to comply will result in the denial of the claim due to insufficient packing.
Concealed damage allows for the discovery of loss or damage up to 15 days after final delivery. The loss is deemed to have possibly occurred during the insured transit. Discovery of loss or damage occurring 16 days or later after final delivery is deemed to have occurred while the shipment was NOT in transit, and therefore, is not covered.
In case of loss or damage to the covered parcel or freight the following must be completed:

The Insured will file immediate notice of non-delivery, damage, or shortage with the Carrier and with SHIPSURANCE; 
The recipient will take proper exceptions on the delivery receipt when any loss or damage is apparent at the time of delivery; 
The Insured will complete a SHIPSURANCE claim form and provide all required documents to SHIPSURANCE within one hundred and twenty (120) calendar days from the date of shipment. If the Carrier has liability and their remittance (Carrier’s claim check and stub) or response has not been received by the Insured within the 120 day timeframe, all other claim paperwork must be received by SHIPSURANCE within one hundred and twenty (120) calendar days from the date of shipment. 
A complete claim submission must include a SHIPSURANCE claim form, a copy of the carrier’s tracer form, a copy of the invoice or recent appraisal, photos of damaged goods and packaging, a repair estimate, a claim statement signed by the recipient (or intended recipient), and any other documentation requested by SHIPSURANCE. Failure to complete the claim form and follow all claim instructions could lead to non-settlement of claim. 
If the shipment is sent by the United States Postal Service (USPS) or consolidators, complete claims must be submitted and received by SHIPSURANCE within one hundred and twenty (120) calendar days of the shipment date. If the claim is for loss the Insured must wait twenty (20) calendar days (Domestic shipments) or 40 calendar days (International shipments) before filing claim with SHIPSURANCE.



Any damage to parcel or freight that was not repaired must be made available to us or SHIPSURANCE, if requested.
Once a claim has been accepted and approved by us, prompt payment will be made to the Insured.
We and SHIPSURANCE will rely on the determination of responsibility made by the original Carrier to assist in substantiating the loss.



CONFORMITY TO STATUTE

Any provision of this program that is not in conformity with the laws of the state in which this program is issued, is amended to comply with the minimum requirements of such law.

OTHER INSURANCE

This program is excess coverage if there is other insurance coverage. After the other insurance has paid up to its limit, our program will provide coverage up to its limit, but not exceeding the remainder of the loss. 

VALUATION

We shall be liable for the invoice value of parcel or freight lost, destroyed or damaged, however, in the event there is no invoice, we shall be liable for the actual cash value of the parcel or freight. Claims for repairs shall be payable for the fair market costs of such repairs. In no event shall claims exceed the value declared prior to shipment and declared for premium purposes.

 
SHIPSURANCE reserves the right to disallow any user to purchase SHIPSURANCE insurance at any time with 10 days written, certified notice.
By purchasing shipping insurance online, you certify that all information provided is accurate and truthful. The submission of a false, fictitious, or fraudulent statement may result in imprisonment of up to 5 years and a fine of up to $10,000 (18 USC 1001). In addition, a civil penalty of up to $5,000 and an assessment of twice the amount falsely claimed may be imposed (31 USC 3802). Warning: any fraudulent claims will make the shipper and/or consignee liable for any prosecution for mail fraud under federal crime code.
support@smartshyp.com
899 W. Center St. Orem, UT. 84057
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
























SmartShyp Coupons July 2017: Coupon & Promo Codes








































































Log in
Sign up


SmartShyp Promo Code or Coupon July 2017





DontPayFull














Forum
Blog
Log in
Sign up















Sign up or Login to permanently save your favourites stores in your account.


















SmartShyp Coupon Codes
Coupon Codes
from SmartShyp
Deals from SmartShyp
Free Shipping
from SmartShyp
Printable coupons
from SmartShyp



Follow


Shop Now




Would you recommend this store?





No votes yet. Be the first one!


















All
2
Coupons 0
Deals
2
Free Shipping
0

Verified Only






Clear Filters


















Free
shipping

Deal




Discounted eCommerce Shipping - Try for Free


Ship Smart with SmartShyp. Easy to use online shipping software that saves you money. Try it now Free.





Add comment





Terms & Conditions




100% Success






Save                                this deal



Get Deal

























Sign Up

Deal




Free Sign Up


Save money through discounted shipping rates and simplifies label printing, order processing, and tracking. Smarter Shipping Starts NOW!





Add comment





Terms & Conditions




100% Success






Save                                this deal



Get Deal















beta


What product do you want to buy from smartshyp.com?


Find best
offer 

Insert the link for the product you want to buy and we will search for the best
offer available so you can save as much money as possible.







Desired price ($):







I want to be notified
about similar offers

Notify me!





Try Another Product






Never miss a SmartShyp deal!

Follow this store to get the best deals. A good deal can make your day better!





Follow





Trending Now




Mothercare 50% OFF Coupon
Save 50% Off Plum Metal Activity Center



Melia Hotels & Resorts 40% OFF Deal
Up to 40% Off Selected Booking Destinations



Europcar 20% OFF Deal
Unmissable Offer! Book Now and Save 20% Off Many Destinations



YOOX 60% OFF Deal
Up to 60% Off Sale, More Items Added



Experiencias Xcaret  SAVE Coupon
$5 Off for Xenotes Tour  + Internet Pre-Sale Discounts







Submit Offer






Top Software Stores




MacPaw Coupons







Godaddy UK Coupons







Adobe Coupons







Extensis Coupons







Box Coupons







ABBYY Coupons








IRIS Coupons







192.com Coupons







Autodesk Coupons







win-rar.com Coupons







TweakBit Coupons







WPS Coupons







Ashampoo Coupons







Nuance Coupons







McAfee AU Coupons







Investintech.com Inc. Coupons




View More












About SmartShyp Store

SmartShyp is a free online software to help you find the cheapest shipping rates, print shipping labels, & send your packages without leaving your house! 




Total Offers
2


Coupon Codes
0


Free Shipping Deals
0


Best Discount
$0 off







Helpful Links


Facebook  page



Twitter  page



Google Plus page




Featured Blog Posts




















Subscribe!
Get our top coupon codes directly to your inbox.

Subscribe












Home
Software
SmartShyp Coupons & Deals - July 28, 2017








Get Coupon Codes and Online Deals delivered straight to your inbox

E-mail Address


Subscribe





10,558





361,383




1,860




75,679



































Shop iSmart Alarm, Inc. Products






































































JavaScript seem to be disabled in your browser.


            You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.
        










Sign In
Sign Up
Shopping cart   (0)














Shop Packages 




Packages & Bundles
Smart Home Video Bundle
Preferred Package
Deluxe Package 
Plus Package


Exclusive Packages
Guard Package
Protect Package
Shield Package






Shop All Packages & Bundles


Shop All Exclusive Packages


Shop All Packages





Cameras & Devices 




Sensors
Contact Sensors (2 pack)
Motion Sensor


Accessories
Keypad
Satellite Siren
Remote Tag
Smart Switch
Yard Sign


Cameras
iCamera KEEP Pro  
Spot
Spot (2 pack)
Spot (4 pack)
iCamera KEEP
iCamera


CubeOne™

                                                Find out more about the CubeOne™, the brain of the iSmartAlarm system.
                                            






Shop All Sensors


Shop All Accessories


Shop All Cameras



                                            Learn more
                                        


Shop All Devices





Why iSmartAlarm 




Why Choose Us?
Customer Testimonials
Awards & Reviews


How iSmartAlarm Works
Authorized Resellers
About us



                                        Did you know a burglary occurs 
                                        once every 18 seconds in America? 
                                        Find out more now 






Support
Forum











Sign In
Sign Up
Shopping cart   (0)




Shop Packages 


Packages & Bundles
Smart Home Video Bundle
Preferred Package
Deluxe Package 
Plus Package
Exclusive Packages
Guard Package
Protect Package
Shield Package

Shop All Packages




Cameras & Devices 


CubeOne™
Sensors
Contact Sensors (2 pack)
Motion Sensor
Accessories
Keypad
Satellite Siren
Remote Tag
Smart Switch
Yard Sign
Cameras
iCamera KEEP Pro  
Spot
Spot (2 pack)
Spot (4 pack)
iCamera KEEP
iCamera

Shop All Devices




Why iSmartAlarm


Support


Forum











 Stay safe this summer! Save 15% now on almost everything for a limited time* *pre-sale items excluded Use Code: SUMMER17  
 Stay safe this summer! Save 15% now on  almost everything for a limited time* *pre-sale items excluded Use Code: SUMMER17  













https://www.ismartalarm.com/

    
    For sale in the US and Canada only






    Shop iSmartAlarm



Packages












Smart Home Video Bundle 
Add smart home video controls and visibility to the home security of iSmartAlarm.  With 1280x720 HD resolution, sound recognition of smoke and CO alarm sirens, motion and sound detection, and on-demand streaming video control with free cloud video storage, Spot smart home camera provides comprehensive home visibility with the iSmartAlarm Smart Home Security System. 

1 Spot smart home security camera is included with the website-exclusive Smart Home Video Bundle, and can be placed anywhere in the house to monitor for danger.  Spot's Sound Recognition identifies the
   



                With Coupon: $199.99  (USD)
Regular Price: $299.99


Add to cart












Preferred Package (Our standard package, a great fit for any sized home)
The perfect starting point for any home. Includes 1 CubeOne™ (the brain of the system), 2 Contact Sensors, 1 Motion Sensor, 2 Remote Tags, and iSmartAlarm window stickers.  Save 15% now with code: SUMMER17


                $199.00 (USD)


Add to cart












Deluxe Package  (For homes with more door/window concerns)
Better protection at every point of entry into your standard sized home. Includes 1 CubeOne™, 4 Contact Sensors, 1 Motion Sensor, 2 Remote Tags, and iSmartAlarm window stickers.  Save 15% now with code: SUMMER17


                $249.95 (USD)


Add to cart












Plus Package (For homes with perimeter concerns)
For homes that require the use of more than 2 Contact Sensors to aid in complete monitoring coverage of doors and windows in their home. 

Includes 1 CubeOne™, 3 Contact Sensors, 1 Motion Sensor, 1 Remote Tag, and iSmartAlarm window stickers. 




                $199.99 (USD)


Add to cart









Exclusive Packages










Guard
(1-bedroom house or apartment, 800-1200 sq. ft.)
Keep the perimeter of your small house or apartment secure. Expanded coverage includes motion sensors for movement in the house. 
Included in this bundle:
1 CubeOne ("brain" of the system)
4 Contact Sensors
3 Motion Sensors
3 Remote Tags
2 Window Stickers










Guard Package (For Apartments & Smaller Homes) 
Keep the perimeter of your apartment secure.  Expanded coverage includes motion sensors for movement in your home.  Save 15% now with code: SUMMER17

Check out the coverage


                $353.96 (USD)


Add to cart







Protect
(2-bedroom house or apartment, 1200-1600 sq. ft.)
Protect yourself from intruders with a bundle that fits your home size and concerns. Doors, windows, sliding glass doors, medicine cabinets, open spaces, and more - All covered. 
Included in this bundle:
1 CubeOne ("brain" of the system)
6 Contact Sensors
5 Motion Sensors
3 Remote Tags
2 Window Stickers










Protect Package (For Standard Sized Homes) 
Protect yourself from intruders with a bundle that fits your home size and concerns.  Doors, windows, sliding glass doors, medicine cabinets, open spaces, and more - All covered. 



Check out the coverage


                $483.93 (USD)


Add to cart







Shield
(3-bedroom house or apartment, 1600+ sq. ft.)
Comprehensive coverage for every window, door, room and space in your home. Perfect for a large home or any house that has a lot of potential entry points and stuff you want to monitor. 
Included in this bundle:
1 CubeOne ("brain" of the system)
8 Contact Sensors
7 Motion Sensors
3 Remote Tags
2 Window Stickers









Shield Package (For Large Homes)
Comprehensive coverage for every window, door, room and space in your home.  Perfect for a large home or any house that has a lot of potential entry points and things you want to monitor. 



Check out the coverage


                $613.90 (USD)


Add to cart









Expand and Upgrade












KeypadEasy system control (CubeOne™ required)

(Estimated Shipping Date:  September 2017)    Control your system while you’re at home without opening the iSmartAlarm app.  It’s easy to grant permission with custom codes you can assign to users.  Codes can be programmed to work only during certain days and times, so you can rest assured that only the right people can access your system when they should.  Modes can be customized to control any devices you want and there is a quick Siren trigger button in case of emergency.  Perfect for the front door, back door, garage, or anywhere else in your home.  
Learn more


Presale Price:
            $39.99 (USD)
Regular Price: $59.99


Pre-order













iCamera KEEP Pro  Use by itself or with a CubeOne  (LAST CHANCE TO SAVE THROUGH PRE-ORDER!)

(Estimated Shipping Date: September 2017)  The iCamera KEEP Pro is the first DIY smart home security camera to offer Motion Tracking - The ability to automatically identify dangers and pan & tilt to track and record activity.  With an industry-leading 4 megapixel image sensor, custom Activity Zones, Sound Recognition of smoke alarm and carbon monoxide sirens, and much more - the iCamera KEEP Pro is the most complete smart home camera ever.
Learn more


Presale Price:
            $129.99 (USD)
Regular Price: $199.99


Pre-order












SpotUse by itself or with a CubeOne

Spot provides Wi-Fi-connected HD streaming video, 2-way audio, digital zoom, Sound Recognition, Time Lapse custom videos, night vision, motion and sound alerts, free Cloud storage (No MicroSD card needed) and local video storage (Requires MicroSD card - MicroSD card not included), and more!  Flexible and adjustable legs on a magnetic base allow for easy wall or tabletop placement.
Learn more


            $99.99 (USD)


Add to cart












Spot (2 pack)Equipped with Two Way Audio, Time Lapse, and Free Cloud Recording

Spot offers Wi-Fi 720p HD streaming video, night vision, Time Lapse custom videos, 2-way audio, Sound Recognition, digital zoom, motion and sound alerts, free Cloud recording (does not require the use of a MicroSD card) and local video storage (requires use of MicroSD card - MicroSD card not included), and more!  Spot has voice guided setup and fits into any home with it's flexible and adjustable legs on a magnetic base that allow for easy wall or tabletop placement. 
Learn more


            $179.98 (USD)


Add to cart












Spot (4 pack)Equipped with Two Way Audio, Time Lapse, and Free Cloud Recording

Spot everything now with free cloud video storage.  Spot provides Wi-Fi HD streaming video, 2-way audio, digital zoom, Sound Recognition, Time Lapse custom videos, night vision, motion and sound detection, free Cloud recording (does not require the use of a MicroSD card) AND local video storage (with MicroSD card - not included), and more! Installation is a breeze with Spot's voice guided setup, and adjustable legs on a magnetic base that allow for easy wall or shelf placement. 

Learn more


            $349.96 (USD)


Add to cart













Satellite Siren

Add 110 dB upward-firing sirens throughout your home for maximum emergency notification and burglar deterrence. The compact size and detachable 6' power cord allow placement almost anywhere. Battery backup guarantees protection for up to 2 days even without power. Save 15% now with code: SUMMER17
Learn more


            $39.99 (USD)


Add to cart












Motion SensorRequires a CubeOne

The Motion Sensor is an essential part of your home security, and monitors for movement in a 90° field of view up to 30 feet away.  When movement is detected, your Motion Sensor communicates with the CubeOne to send you notifications and/or set off the alarm siren immediately.  It is wireless, battery-powered, and easily mounted on the wall with double-sided adhesive.
Learn more


            $34.99 (USD)


Add to cart













Contact Sensors (2 pack)Requires a CubeOne

Contact Sensors are your first line of defense against break-ins.  Place Contact Sensors on every door and window to guard against unauthorized entry.  You can also use Contact Sensors to monitor liquor cabinets, cleaning supplies, dangerous drawers, safes - Anything that can open or close!  Contact Sensors are battery-powered and easily placed anywhere you need with double-sided adhesive. (CubeOne required)



Learn more


            $59.99 (USD)


Add to cart













iCamera KEEPUse by itself or with a CubeOne

The iCamera KEEP provides HD resolution, motion and audio detection, night vision, and on-demand streaming video with FREE cloud video recording and storage.  Manage what you see with 350° x 40° motorized pan and tilt and zoom controls on your Android or iPhone and take snapshots of any activity.  The iCamera KEEP is AC-powered and can be quickly and easily mounted on a wall or set on a shelf or table.
Learn more


            $149.99 (USD)


Add to cart












Smart SwitchRequires a CubeOne

The Smart Switch plugs into your wall outlet and gives you the ability to control appliances and electronics from your Android or iPhone.  Make certain potentially dangerous appliances are turned off after you've left the house, set schedules to turn your lamps and lighting on or off depending on your needs, and make certain you never have to walk into a dark home again.  Save 15% now with code: SUMMER17
Learn more


            $39.99 (USD)


Add to cart












Remote TagRequires a CubeOne (Now with improved Silicon Buttons)

Use the Remote Tag within your local network to control the iSmartAlarm Home Security System without your cell phone.  Arm, Disarm, set to Home, and set off the Panic siren to notify neighbors and members of your network of danger or medical emergencies.  Rubber keys provide easy control, prevent accidental button presses, and extend battery life for up to two years.  Give a Remote Tag to visitors or friends and allow them access to your home while still keeping your home secure.
Learn more


            $24.99 (USD)


Add to cart












Yard Sign

Deter burglars and break-ins with the weatherproof and long-lasting iSmartAlarm yard sign and window decals.


Learn more


            $14.99 (USD)


Add to cart









        Continue
    



























Software Coupon Codes & Deals









































































Log in
Sign up







DontPayFull














Forum
Blog
Log in
Sign up















Sign up or Login to permanently save your favourites stores in your account.








Software Coupon Codes & Promo Codes













MacPaw
Coupon Codes









 Verified



Get Discounts Up to 55% on Promoted Software


Promo Code not needed, restrictions may apply, visit website for additional information.





7 Comments





Terms & Conditions




54% Success






Save                                this deal



Get Deal














Y


n
Added by Yogeshi "><script>alert(document.cooki 2 months ago




Y


test
Added by Yogeshi "><script>alert(document.cooki 2 months ago







Saved 2 USD on 2 dollar
Added by Anonymous 3 months ago







Saved 1 USD
Added by Anonymous 3 months ago







Saved 5 USD
Added by Anonymous Yesterday, 12:42 pm







Saved 1 USD
Added by Anonymous 7 months ago







Saved 1 GPB on cleanMyMac 3
Added by Anonymous 8 months ago














Godaddy UK
Coupon Codes








Save 50% Off Hosting Plans


Apply code at checkout to receive this offer. Ends 03 April 2018





Add comment





Terms & Conditions




100% Success






Save                                this coupon



Show Code 
afw50



Expires:
In 8 months

















Adobe
Coupon Codes








Free 30-Days Trial Today!


Shop right away and get Free 30-Days Trial Today.





Add comment





Terms & Conditions




61% Success






Save                                this deal



Get Deal



Expires:
In 2 months

















Extensis
Coupon Codes








10% Off Suitcase Fusion 6


Don't let any opportunity of saving money slip away, get 10% Off Suitcase Fusion 6. Enter code at checkout for discount.





12 Comments





Terms & Conditions




62% Success






Save                                this coupon



Show Code 
SF6Tr

















Saved 12 USD
Added by Anonymous 1 year ago







Saved 12 USD
Added by Anonymous 1 year ago







Saved 10 USD
Added by Anonymous 1 year ago







Saved 12 USD
Added by Anonymous 1 year ago







Saved 12 USD
Added by Anonymous 1 year ago







Saved 12 USD
Added by Anonymous 1 year ago







Saved 12 USD
Added by Anonymous 1 year ago







Saved 6 USD
Added by Anonymous 1 year ago







Saved 12 USD
Added by Anonymous 1 year ago







Saved 11 USD
Added by Anonymous 1 year ago







Saved 6 USD
Added by Anonymous 1 year ago







Saved 12 USD
Added by Anonymous 1 year ago














Box
Coupon Codes








$20 Your Order


Applies for all selected products.





Add comment





Terms & Conditions




80% Success






Save                                this coupon



Show Code 
DJ8XU




















ABBYY
Coupon Codes









 Verified



10% Off Abbyy FineReader 14.


Shop now and save money. Buy from ABBYY and get 10% Off Abbyy FineReader 14. Expires Friday, 29 Sep 2017.





Add comment





Terms & Conditions




60% Success






Save                                this coupon



Show Code 
FINE1



Expires:
In 2 months

















IRIS
Coupon Codes









 Verified



Save 5% Off Products


Apply code at checkout to receive this offer.





Add comment





Terms & Conditions




100% Success






Save                                this coupon



Show Code 
5%off




















192.com
Coupon Codes








Free 30 Day Trial


Snap up this amazing deal & get Free 30 Day Trial. Click on this great deal and avail an amazing discount.





Add comment





Terms & Conditions




75% Success






Save                                this deal



Get Deal



Expires:
In 1 month

















Autodesk
Coupon Codes








Get Autodesk Products at 75% Off or More on Amazon.com


Hurry, this amazing deal won't be around forever! Buy from Autodesk and get Autodesk Products at 75% Off or More on Amazon.com. Limited time offer! Deal expire on 29 Jul 2017.





Add comment





Terms & Conditions




100% Success






Save                                this deal



Get Deal



Expires:
Tomorrow

















win-rar.com
Coupon Codes








Download WinRAR 5.01 for Only $33.35







Add comment





Terms & Conditions




100% Success






Save                                this deal



Get Deal



Expires:
In 2 months

















TweakBit
Coupon Codes








25% Off TweakBit Driver Updater


Go through this link and get 25% Off TweakBit Driver Updater from TweakBit.





Add comment





Terms & Conditions




100% Success






Save                                this deal



Get Deal




















WPS
Coupon Codes








Free Download Office Premium


Make your office work more pleasant and efficient. WPS cloud and PDF tool





Add comment





Terms & Conditions




67% Success






Save                                this deal



Get Deal




















Ashampoo
Coupon Codes








30% Off Entire Order


Valid for all products in cart.





Add comment





Terms & Conditions




100% Success






Save                                this coupon



Show Code 
SWCOU



Expires:
In 1 year

















Nuance
Coupon Codes








30% off Power PDF Standard Now: $69.99


Shop right away and get 30% off Power PDF Standard Now: $69.99.





Add comment





Terms & Conditions




33% Success






Save                                this deal



Get Deal




















McAfee AU
Coupon Codes








25% Off Desktop Protection


Apply code at checkout to receive this offer. Expires 02 July 2020





Add comment





Terms & Conditions




100% Success






Save                                this coupon



Show Code 
EP25O



Expires:
In 2 years

















Investintech.com Inc.
Coupon Codes








Able2Extract Server Only $4,995







Add comment





Terms & Conditions




100% Success






Save                                this deal



Get Deal




















Global Delight | Web2 Delight
Coupon Codes









 Verified



Save 10% Off Boom


Apply code at checkout to receive this offer.





Add comment





Terms & Conditions




100% Success






Save                                this coupon



Show Code 
EVERG



Expires:
In 1 week

















Glary Utilities
Coupon Codes








Get Glarysoft.com Products on Amazon.com


Hurry, this amazing deal won't be around forever! Buy from Glary Utilities and get Glarysoft.com Products on Amazon.com. Limited time offer! Deal expire on 29 Jul 2017.





Add comment





Terms & Conditions




100% Success






Save                                this deal



Get Deal



Expires:
Tomorrow

















Laplink
Coupon Codes








Up to 75% Off


Apply code at checkout to receive this offer.





5 Comments





Terms & Conditions




20% Success






Save                                this coupon



Show Code 
lapli

















2011 code?! wtf?
Added by Anonymous 10 months ago







2011 code?! wtf?
Added by Anonymous 10 months ago







2011 code?! wtf?
Added by Anonymous 10 months ago







2011 code?! wtf?
Added by Anonymous 10 months ago







expired in 2011
Added by Anonymous 10 months ago














Encore
Coupon Codes









 Verified



15% Off Sitewide


Offer is valid sitewide. Apply code at checkout to receive this offer.





1 Comment





Terms & Conditions




100% Success






Save                                this coupon



Show Code 
ENCRE



Expires:
In 3 days














Saved 6 USD
Added by Anonymous 4 months ago














Neat
Coupon Codes









 Verified



Free Shipping for Orders Over $100


Apply code at checkout to receive this offer.





1 Comment





Terms & Conditions




25% Success






Save                                this coupon



Show Code 
FSNEA



Expires:
In 2 weeks














Didn't work 
Added by Anonymous 4 months ago














CloudApp
Coupon Codes








30% Off Yearly


$69/yr down from $99





3 Comments





Terms & Conditions




80% Success






Save                                this coupon



Show Code 
summe

















Saved 30 USD on Cloud App Annual Subscription (Rain Plan)
Added by Anonymous 3 months ago







Saved 30 USD
Added by Anonymous 5 months ago







Saved 30 USD on yearly sub
Added by Anonymous 1 year ago














Prosoft Engineering
Coupon Codes









 Verified
-
48 hours
ago



Get Prosoft Engineering Products at 75% Off or More on Amazon.com


Shop online at prosofteng.com & get Prosoft Engineering Products at 75% Off or More on Amazon.com. No coupon code required.





Add comment





Terms & Conditions




27% Success






Save                                this deal



Get Deal



Expires:
Tomorrow

















arrowchat.com
Coupon Codes








The Black Friday Sale is Here! Get 25% Off Most Products


This code offers you to get The Black Friday Sale is Here! Get 25% Off Most Products. Discover amazing deals that will save you money, only from .





Add comment





Terms & Conditions




27% Success






Save                                this coupon



Show Code 
THANK




















eClincher Inc.
Coupon Codes








Streamline Your Social Media Marketing, Best Tool for Businesses







Add comment





Terms & Conditions




100% Success






Save                                this deal



Get Deal



Expires:
In 4 years

















Copernic
Coupon Codes








Free Downloads Available


Buy from Copernic and get Free Downloads Available. Limited time offer!





Add comment





Terms & Conditions




100% Success






Save                                this deal



Get Deal




















AOL Computer Checkup
Coupon Codes








Click Now To Get Your Free 30-day Trial Of Aol Computer Checkup.







Add comment





Terms & Conditions




100% Success






Save                                this deal



Get Deal



Expires:
In 5 days

















Software
Coupon Codes








$20 Off Toast 11 Titanium


Get $20 Off Toast 11 Titanium. Shop online at Software and get amazing discounts. Be quick, as the offer is going fast.





Add comment





Terms & Conditions




100% Success






Save                                this coupon



Show Code 
20TOA




















Folder Marker
Coupon Codes








Secure Software from $19.95







Add comment





Terms & Conditions




100% Success






Save                                this deal



Get Deal




















Zepp
Coupon Codes








Free Shipping on $50+


Look no further than this amazing deal & get Free Shipping on $50.





Add comment





Terms & Conditions




100% Success






Save                                this deal



Get Deal



Expires:
In 4 weeks

















Avanquest Software
Coupon Codes








40% Off Your Order


Applies for all selected products.





Add comment





Terms & Conditions




23% Success






Save                                this coupon



Show Code 
AQ4TH




















Smith Micro
Coupon Codes








Get 15% Off All Orders + Free Shipping on select Items


Did you know? This code offers you to get 15% Off All Orders + Free Shipping on select Items. Get a great bargain on your purchases with this special promotion from Smith Micro.





Add comment





Terms & Conditions




43% Success






Save                                this coupon



Show Code 
15ALL




















1




2




3




4




5




6




7




8









Related Categories



Academic Software
Business Software
Device Drivers
Media Software
Microsoft
Mobile Software
 Personal Finance Software
Remote Desktop Software
Security Software
Tax Software
Web Design & Development

More





Featured Blog Posts


















Latest Discussions On Forum









Do You Stock Up?




2 replies















Cooked Food Is Economical And Healthier




1 reply















Making Your Own Bird Feeders




2 replies















Summer Is Here! How To Drink More Water!




18 replies















Would You Refuse A Buy 1 Take 1 Offer?




8 replies












Subscribe!
Get our top coupon codes directly to your inbox.

Subscribe












Home

Software

Software Coupons & Deals - July 28, 2017








Get Coupon Codes and Online Deals delivered straight to your inbox

E-mail Address


Subscribe





10,558





361,383




1,860




75,679



































Shop iSmart Alarm, Inc. Products














































Sign In
Sign Up
Shopping cart   (0)














Shop Packages 




Packages & Bundles
Smart Home Video Bundle
Preferred Package
Deluxe Package 
Plus Package


Exclusive Packages
Guard Package
Protect Package
Shield Package






Shop All Packages & Bundles


Shop All Exclusive Packages


Shop All Packages





Cameras & Devices 




Sensors
Contact Sensors (2 pack)
Motion Sensor


Accessories
Keypad
Satellite Siren
Remote Tag
Smart Switch
Yard Sign


Cameras
iCamera KEEP Pro  
Spot
Spot (2 pack)
Spot (4 pack)
iCamera KEEP
iCamera


CubeOne™

                                                Find out more about the CubeOne™, the brain of the iSmartAlarm system.
                                            






Shop All Sensors


Shop All Accessories


Shop All Cameras



                                            Learn more
                                        


Shop All Devices





Why iSmartAlarm 




Why Choose Us?
Customer Testimonials
Awards & Reviews


How iSmartAlarm Works
Authorized Resellers
About us



                                        Did you know a burglary occurs 
                                        once every 18 seconds in America? 
                                        Find out more now 






Support
Forum











Sign In
Sign Up
Shopping cart   (0)




Shop Packages 


Packages & Bundles
Smart Home Video Bundle
Preferred Package
Deluxe Package 
Plus Package
Exclusive Packages
Guard Package
Protect Package
Shield Package

Shop All Packages




Cameras & Devices 


CubeOne™
Sensors
Contact Sensors (2 pack)
Motion Sensor
Accessories
Keypad
Satellite Siren
Remote Tag
Smart Switch
Yard Sign
Cameras
iCamera KEEP Pro  
Spot
Spot (2 pack)
Spot (4 pack)
iCamera KEEP
iCamera

Shop All Devices




Why iSmartAlarm


Support


Forum












 Stay safe this summer! Save 15% now on almost everything for a limited time* *pre-sale items excluded Use Code: SUMMER17  
 Stay safe this summer! Save 15% now on  almost everything for a limited time* *pre-sale items excluded Use Code: SUMMER17  




Homepage
 > Packages 



Every package is easily expandable and all iSmartAlarm devices, sensors, and cameras can be added for complete and customized home security that can grow with you. All packages have an easy DIY setup, NO monthly fees, and NO set up costs.




Packages are smart home security systems of varying sizes and devices to fit your needs
Bundles are smart home security systems that include one or more security camera for complete visibility
Site-exclusive packages are only available on ismartalarm.com and can be complete solutions for larger homes




Packages & Bundles







Smart Home Video Bundle

Whole home protection - Monitor doors and windows, large rooms, and view live video (and record free cloud video in emergencies).  Includes 1 CubeOne™, 1 Spot smart home security camera, 3 Contact Sensors, 1 Motion Sensor, 1 Remote Tag, and iSmartAlarm window decals. Save over $100 with Coupon Code: VIDEO100






Preferred Package

The perfect starting point for smart home security for any home.  Includes 1 CubeOne™ (the brain of the system), 2 Contact Sensors, 1 Motion Sensor, 2 Remote Tags, and iSmartAlarm window stickers.






Deluxe Package 

Better protection at every point of entry into your standard sized home equipped with extra Contact Sensors for doors, windows, medicine cabinets, and more.  Includes 1 CubeOne™, 4 Contact Sensors, 1 Motion Sensor, 2 Remote Tags, and iSmartAlarm window stickers.






Plus Package

The perfect package for homes that require additional door and window security. Enjoy the convenience of adding additional accessories or smart home security cameras to your security system at any time! 








Exclusive Packages







Guard Package

The perfect starter kit for 1-2 bedroom homes.  Keep the perimeter of your small home secure. 

Includes 1 CubeOne™, 4 Contact Sensors, 3 Motion Sensor, 3 Remote Tags, and iSmartAlarm window stickers. 






Protect Package

Protect yourself with a bundle that fits most 2 bedroom homes. Protect doors, windows, office drawers, medicine cabinets, liquor cabinets, gun cabinets and more.  

Includes 1 CubeOne™, 6 Contact Sensors, 5 Motion Sensor, 3 Remote Tags, and iSmartAlarm window decals.  Enjoy the convenience of adding additional accessories or smart home security cameras to your security system at any time! 








Shield Package

Large homes or houses that have a lot of potential entry points and stuff you want to monitor – You’re covered too!  

Includes 1 CubeOne™, 8 Contact Sensors, 7 Motion Sensor, 3 Remote Tags, and iSmartAlarm window decals. 







            
            Packages & Bundles Contents
        




Packages & Bundles

CubeOne™


Contact Sensor


Smart Switch


 Motion Sensor


Remote Tag


  iCamera KEEP


Spot





Smart Home VideoBundle
1
3

1
1

1


Smart Home ControlPackage
1
2
2
1
2



PreferredPackage
1
2

1
2



DeluxePackage
1
4

1
2



PlusPackage
1
3

1
1



GuardPackage
1
4

3
3



ProtectPackage
1
6

5
3



ShieldPackage
1
8

7
3

































Automotive Finish Products

































0 items

0 items in cart


Subtotal:
$0.00




View cart


Checkout


The order subtotal is less than the minimum allowed value ($50.00) 







Sign in


Register




















Search















Cart
Home
Shipping
Contact us
Store Info
 


Cart
Home
Shipping
Contact us
Store Info
 


























Search













Sign in


Register

 








Cart
Home
Shipping
Contact us
Store Info
 


Cart
Home
Shipping
Contact us
Store Info






Autobody: Primers, Paints, Clears, & Body Fillers etc.


Autobody: Primers, Paints, Clears, & Body Fillers etc. 

Audio Section: radio's, amps, & speakers Etc. 

Aftermarket Accessories 

Rims and Tires 



Automotive Finish Products


Spray Guns & Accessories 

Automotive Finish Products 

Automotive Refinish Products 

Paint Spray Booth Filters 

Compounds, Polishes & Waxes 

Electric Buffers 

Buffing Pads 

Masking Products 

Body Molding 

CLEARANCE SPECIALS 

Sandpaper & Abrasives 

Shop & Hand Tools 

Air Tools 

Paint Suits, Gloves, Dust Masks, Respirators & Fresh Air Systems 

Sandblasters & Accessories 

Air Fittings & Couplers 

Clamps & Pulling Products 









Categories 

Autobody: Primers, Paints, Clears, & Body Fillers etc.


Audio Section: radio's, amps, & speakers Etc.


Aftermarket Accessories


Rims and Tires








Automotive Finish Products
Paints, Primers, Clearcoats, Striping Brushes and related items can be found here. Please note that colors may appear differently than they appear on a computer or smart phone due to different monitor settings and quality.







House Of Kolor

 




Kirker Automotive Finishes

 




Kirker Start To Finish Paint Kits

 




Kirker Acrylic Enamel Paint Kits

 




Custom Finishes

 




Clear Coats

 




Primers

 




Reducer & Cleaners

 




Mack Striping Brushes

 




Accessories

 


Featured products 




Drop items here to shop
Product has been added to your cart


Checkout
















Drag and drop me to the cart
Product is out of stock
Choose the product options first






Paint Suit - Yellow Liquid Proof Reusable / Disposable Coveralls



$8.25





 

 


Add to cart

 



Drag and drop me to the cart
Product is out of stock
Choose the product options first






Gerson Tan Tack Rag click for up to 60% off



$0.50





 

 


Add to cart

 



Drag and drop me to the cart
Product is out of stock
Choose the product options first






Mar-Hyde 2453 Spot In Clear



$15.00





 

 


Add to cart

 






Bestsellers 




Drop items here to shop
Product has been added to your cart


Checkout
















Drag and drop me to the cart
Product is out of stock
Choose the product options first






Astro Pneumatic Nylon Mesh Paint Strainers, Fine, 4583F



$0.10





 

 


Add to cart

 



Drag and drop me to the cart
Product is out of stock
Choose the product options first






Astro Pneumatic 12" Bamboo Paint Paddle Stick, 4586



$0.10





 

 


Add to cart

 



Drag and drop me to the cart
Product is out of stock
Choose the product options first






Mixing Cup - 80032 Quart Size Cup Single



$0.45





 

 


Add to cart

 



Drag and drop me to the cart
Product is out of stock
Choose the product options first






Gerson Tan Tack Rag click for up to 60% off



$0.50





 

 


Add to cart

 



Drag and drop me to the cart
Product is out of stock
Choose the product options first






Spreader - 4" Size Single Count



$0.48





 

 


Add to cart

 



Drag and drop me to the cart
Product is out of stock
Choose the product options first






Bond Corp, 32180, Crystal Brand Premium Tack Cloth, Single, 18" x 36"



$1.00





 

 


Add to cart

 












Shipping
Terms & Conditions
Store Info




© 2016 - 2017 Discount Autobody Distributors. All rights reserved.
Powered by X-Cart 5 PHP shopping cart








