 


Mike Smiley
 | LinkedIn
 


























 









LinkedIn



















































Main content starts below.




Mike SmileyBoard Member at Twin DiscLocationGreater Chicago AreaIndustryElectrical/Electronic ManufacturingCurrentTwin DiscPreviousZebra Technologies, Tellabs Denmark A/S, TellabsEducationThe University of Chicago - Booth School of BusinessRecommendations4 people have recommended Mike500+ connectionsView Mike’s full profile. It's free!Your colleagues, classmates, and 500 million other professionals are on LinkedIn.View Mike’s Full ProfileMike’s ActivityGood memories. 121 degrees F outside. Glad we studied...Mike likedI had a privilege to have an interactive session with MBA...Mike likedPhotoMike likedSamantha SandersMike sharedZebra Technologies’ Rita Koridek Recognized as One of CRN’s...Mike likedThat's a lot of cash not making much of a return!Mike sharedSee all activitySummary“Strategy is about setting yourself apart from the competition. It’s not a matter of being better at what you do — it’s a matter of being different at what you do. – Michael PorterMy operational leadership experience is seasoned by lessons learned in a global marketplace. From Ireland to India, from Denmark to Latin America, and from China to Japan, the culture and stakeholders are different but the need for vision and strategy remain constant. How do we define who we are and devise a strategy that niches us in a complex global economy? I’m frequently brought on board during the most turbulent times to address these big questions and empower C-level leaders to execute strategy that unites stakeholders and increases shareholder value while driving bottom-line growth. As an executive, some of my hardest-fought wins have come by bringing creativity, a willingness to listen, and operational expertise together when designing strategy. My nomination as a 2014 Chicago CFO of the year for large public companies speaks to the effectiveness of this approach as do the following accomplishments:✔Tripled company valuation while increasing sales 17% per annum, and growing EPS & EBITDA 15% per annum. ✔Turned Around a Loss Leading Danish-Based Global Product Development Company to 2nd most profitable business generating $20M of top line growth.✔Orchestrated major corporate restructuring and realignment strategies for 8 lines of business that eliminated $100M in annual cost, saved $16M, and resulted in the first quarterly operating profit in more than 2 years.✔Successful engagement with activist investors to the benefit of all shareholders.If your organization craves leadership centered in collaboration, negotiation, respect, and strategy development— let’s connect. I’d like to hear your most pressing concern and share how I might be of assistance.▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬Michael Smiley— Michael.Smiley@mac.comExperienceBoard MemberTwin DiscOctober 2010  –  Present (6 years 10 months)CFOZebra TechnologiesMay 2008  –  December 2016 (8 years 8 months)Recruited to role by CEO because of extensive global business background to provide strategic vision during an especially challenging transitional period. Worked with CEO to define company vision, mitigate risk from previous business transactions, and drive international growth.►RAISED $3.4B, TO PAVE WAY IN ACCOMPLISHING MAJOR $3.5B CARVE-OUT ACQUISITION — increasing revenues by 2.5X—to successfully shepherd transition of company focus from products to strategic solutions.►REALIZED $42M AFTER-TAX GAINS — worked with CEO to refocus company and advocated for sale of non-core assets realizing $190M.VP/GMTellabs Denmark A/SNovember 2004  –  April 2008 (3 years 6 months)Served as the only finance executive to move into line management role in this NASDAQ listed $2B global telecommunications company. Led team of 7 senior leaders and 180+ employees in Europe and India while taking responsibility for P&L, strategic planning, product management, and marketing. ►HELMED MAJOR TURNAROUND— Generated $20M in top line growth and reduced $15M in expenses to turn Danish-based company from loss leader to 2nd most profitable in portfolio. ►EXPANDED MARKET PRESENCE IN INDIA— and leveraged benefit of lower cost resources after negotiating 45% ownership stake in an Indian telecommunication equipment company.VICE PRESIDENT—International Finance, Treasurer, Interim CFOTellabsJune 2002  –  November 2004 (2 years 6 months)Initially sought out by leadership for ability to raise capital and previous experience in Asia/Pacific. Quickly transitioned to an international finance role and was later elevated to interim CFO. Managed $440M business and global team of 50 finance accounting professionals in Europe, Latin America, and Asia.►ORCHESTRATED MAJOR CORPORATE RESTRUCTURING—for 8 lines of business during Telecom crash. Eliminated $100M in annual cost, instituted first P&L reports, and led planning process to achieve profitability despite volatile market conditions.►ACHIEVED FIRST QUARTERLY OPERATING PROFIT IN 2+ YEARS—by executing strategy that refocused international activity on high-value products and optimized costs.VICE PRESIDENT - FinanceGeneral SemiconductorDecember 2001  –  June 2002 (7 months)Leveraged language and cultural experience to lead $250M region at this $500M global manufacturer. Managed 12 manufacturing and sales offices across China, Taiwan, Japan, Singapore, and Korea. Direct reports included 3 group controllers leading a 40-person multinational workforce.►INCREASED COMPANY VALUATION—After making strong case and winning buy in for controversial plan to close European flagship operation and relocate to Asia.►SAVED $20M ANNUALLY— By outsourcing assembly processes to Chinese vendor.VICE PRESIDENT - TreasurerGeneral SemiconductorAugust 1997  –  December 2001 (4 years 5 months)Responsible for corporate finance, capital markets, banking and rating agency relations, foreign exchange, credit and collections. Also managed defined benefit and contribution plan assets while collaborating closely with CEO and CFO in setting company vision and strategy.► RECAPITALIZED COMPANY & MAXIMIZED COMPANY VALUATION—by negotiating terms and winning investor support to issue $175M convertible subordinated notes. This strategy proved foundational in allowing the company to weather the market downturn while positioning for future sale.►ACCELERATED TOP-LINE GROWTH— after evaluating acquisitions in the U.S and Asia and providing necessary scale. Assistant TreasurerGATX1990  –  1995 (5 years)Sr. Treasury AnalystItel Corporation1988  –  1990 (2 years)AuditorCoopers & Lybrand1984  –  1987 (3 years)Located in ChicagoSkillsCFOMergers & AcquisitionsStrategic PlanningStrategyAcquisition IntegrationRestructuringExecutive ManagementDivestituresInvestor RelationsTeam LeadershipCorporate FinanceBusiness ValuationCapital StructureBusiness PlanningCapital RaisingSee 35+Board RelationsPresentationsAuditsBanking RelationshipsBusiness TransitionCarve-Out and IntegrationCommercial Banking RelationshipsCorporate ServicesCost ControlDebt & Equity FinancingExecutive Board LeadershipFinancial Analysis/FP&AForeign JV'sGeneral ManagementGlobal Business ManagementGlobal CompaniesIntegrationIntegrity/HonestyInternational FinanceInvestment Banking RelationshipsITLarge Public CompaniesLeadershipLine ManagementManufacturingMarket GrowthNegotiationsOperationsP&LPension Fund Asset ManagementProcess ImprovementRealignment StrategyRisk ManagementTurnaroundsWorking Capital ManagementSee lessHow's this translation?Great•Has errorsThanks for your help!EducationThe University of Chicago - Booth School of BusinessMBAMBA1985  –  1988Brigham Young UniversityBachelor of Science, AccountingBachelor of Science, Accounting1977  –  1984OrganizationsTwin Disc - Board MemberBoard MemberStarting 2010Member of Audit, Compensation & Finance Committees.University of Chicago CFO Forum - Advisory Board MemberAdvisory Board MemberStarting 2012Bernie's Book Bank - Board Member2011  –  2014Literacy initiative to bring books to under-resources childrenAmerican Chamber of Commerce in Denmark - Board Member2006  –  2008National Association of Corporate Directors (NACD)Individual Director MemberStarting April 2017NACD helps board members strengthen investor trust and public confidence by ensuring that directors are well-prepared for tomorrow's challenges.Honors & Awards2014 Chicago CFO of the Year Finalist - Large Public CompaniesFinancial Executives InternationalMarch 2015Nominated by Zebra CEORecommendationsA preview of what LinkedIn members have to say about Mike:Mike is a very intelligent, amicable and focused manager whom I had the privilege to work for.  He is open to ideas and changes and gives support in helping me to be successful in my job.

I count it a great joy and privilege to have learnt a lot under his mentorship.See moreSee lessI did not know Mike as a colleague or associate in the business world, but knew him as friend, neighbor and member of our faith.   He is an outstanding individual that can be trusted; a fantastic family man; smart and intelligent; understands how to accomplish much in a short time and is creative and highly organized.    What more can any company ask for than that?See moreSee lessSign up to see who recommended MikeGroupsBuffalo Grove High School AlumniBYUH School of Business Supply Chain & OperationsBYU Management SocietyLDS Professionals in AsiaThe BYU NetworkLDS ProfessionalsLinked:Chief Financial OfficersSee 6 moreLinked N Chicago (LiNC)Brigham Young University AlumniSuper CFO : Finance, Accounting, Tax, IFRS, Startup, PE, CEO, CA, CPA, CS, Networking, ProfessionalsCHICAGO C LEVEL (CCL)Internet of ThingsZebra Technologies Trends & Innovation CommunitySee lessView Mike’s full profile to...See who you know in commonGet introducedContact Mike directlyView Mike’s Full ProfileNot the Mike you’re looking for? View moreView this profile in another languageEnglishGermanChinese (Simplified)People Also ViewedDan NagyVice President & Group CFOMARTY ULMANISDirector of Taxation at Zebra Technologies CorporationTariq F. AzizJay PetersonChief Financial Officer at Thermon ManufacturingJim MeehanGeneral Manager, Global Operations Director, Global Business Manager.Dan PerryCFO/COO at PIRTEK USABarry AllenPresident | COO | CFO: Expertise in Corporate Growth, Scaling, Turnarounds, M&A and Maximizing Shareholder ValueDavid KayChief Financial Officer at Optima Specialty Steel, Inc.Colleen O'SullivanChief Accounting OfficerJens BoyPublic profile badgeInclude this LinkedIn profile on other websitesView profile badgesFind a different Mike SmileyFirst NameLast NameExample:  Mike SmileyMike SmileyExecutive Consultant :: Marketing Practice Leader United StatesMike SmileyOperating partner at Smiley Auto Group in Brookfield IllinoisUnited StatesMike SmileyPrincipal Consultant, Tanium Platform Team at LTI (Logic Technology Inc.)United StatesMike SmileyDBA Lead at Brookdale Senior LivingUnited StatesW Michael (Mike) SmileyPenland Legacy AdvisorsUnited StatesMore professionals named Mike SmileyLinkedIn member directory:abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyzmoreBrowse members by country



























Michael C. Smiley | Booth CFO Forum














The 8th Annual
CFO Forum












Welcome
Advisory Board
Members
Contact
Chicago Booth School of Business








AgendaPertinent Issues
SpeakersInsightful Analysis
LocationDowntown Chicago
2017 AttendeesIndustry Leaders
PhotosCFO Forum 2017








Michael C. Smiley, '89
Board MemberTwin Disc, Inc.



Michael C. Smiley joined Zebra in May 2008 as chief financial officer from Tellabs, Inc., a global provider of telecommunications networking products. At Tellabs, he led all accounting and finance functions outside of the U.S. and most recently served as general manager for the Tellabs Denmark A/S unit, which has sales in excess of $100 million to customers around the world. 
During his six years at Tellabs, Mr. Smiley held various financial and operations executive positions including interim chief financial officer, vice president international finance, and treasurer.
Prior to Tellabs, Mr. Smiley was located in Taipei, Taiwan, as vice president, finance, for the Asia Pacific region of General Semiconductor, with the corporation's key manufacturing and revenue-generating operations in the region. Earlier in his career, he held positions of increasing responsibility at General Instrument, GATX Corp. and Itel Corporation/Anixter Brothers. He began his professional career as an auditor with Coopers & Lybrand. Mr. Smiley holds a bachelor's degree in accounting from Brigham Young University and an MBA from the University of Chicago.





Day 1: Wednesday Evening (March 8, 2017)5:30 pm · Registration & Welcome Reception6:30 pm · Guests are seated for dinner7:10 pm · Keynote Address: Undersociality8:30 pm · Cocktails and ConversationDay 2: Thursday (March 9, 2017)7:30 am · Breakfast and CFO Networking8:15 am · Opening Remarks8:30 am · Sessions 1: Technology and Digitization: Making Marketing More Accountable9:45 am · Break10:00 am · Session 2: Booth-led Survey Research11:15 am · Group Photo11:30 am · Lunch and Session 3: Millennial Point of View1:00 pm · CFO Index Presentation1:15 pm · Break1:30 pm · Session 4:  Board Interactions:  Governance, Committees and Communication2:45 pm · Break3:00 pm · Session 5:  The Outlook for Tax Reform4:15 pm · Closing Remarks








About the Forum

              Join us for an invitation-only CFO Forum to be held at the University of Chicago Booth School of Business' Gleacher Center. As a CFO and a graduate of Chicago Booth, you are part of an exclusive community that gathers with each other and Chicago Booth faculty to debate and provide context to the most pressing issues facing executives.
          


Event Links

Agenda
Location
Speakers
Advisory Board
Contact



Alumni Relations

              The University of Chicago
              Booth School of Business
              401 North Michigan Avenue, Suite 900
              Chicago, Illinois 60611
          

















 







Michael Smiley | FEI Chicago Chapter | CFO of the Year

































Michael Smiley


« Back to Finalists & Award Winners 

 


2014 Large Public Company Finalist


    Zebra Technologies Corporation
Michael C. Smiley joined Zebra in May 2008 as chief financial officer from Tellabs, Inc., a global provider of telecommunications networking products. At Tellabs, he led all accounting and finance functions outside of the U.S. and most recently served as general manager for the Tellabs Denmark A/S unit, which has sales in excess of $100 million to customers around the world. During his six years at Tellabs, Mr. Smiley held various financial and operations executive positions including interim chief financial officer, vice president international finance, and treasurer.
Prior to Tellabs, Mr. Smiley was located in Taipei, Taiwan, as vice president, finance, for the Asia Pacific region of General Semiconductor, with the corporation's key manufacturing and revenue-generating operations in the region.
Earlier in his career, he held positions of increasing responsibility at General Instrument, GATX Corp. and Itel Corporation/Anixter Brothers. He began his professional career as an auditor with Coopers & Lybrand. Mr. Smiley holds a bachelor's degree in accounting from Brigham Young University and an MBA from the University of Chicago.
Learn more about the Chicago CFO of the Year Awards.
 








FEI Chicago Chapter
Our Sponsors
Selection CommitteeFAQ

Nomination InformationFAQ
Recommend a Candidate

Finalists & Recipients
Awards GalaFAQ
Gallery

Contact UsFAQ













Michael C. Smiley – CFO Moves 





































CFO MovesTracking CFO Movement Across the USA
CFO Moves – week ending November 18, 2016
Posted on November 21, 2016 Written by Samuel Dergel Leave a Comment CFO Moves this week include:



Golden Entertainment, Inc.
NatureSweet Tomatoes
Helios and Matheson Analytics


Asterias Biotherapeutics, Inc.
Millendo Therapeutics, Inc.
NN, Inc.


Gap Inc.
Cambridge Bancorp
PeoplesBank


Zebra Technologies Corporation
Entercom Communications Corp.
Ping Identity


WCA Waste Corporation
RealD
Huntsman Corporation


Molson Coors Brewing Company
Drew Industries Incorporated
Lamb Weston Holdings, Inc.


Black Box Corporation
Royal Financial, Inc.
Callidus Software Inc.


Evolve BioSystems, Inc
Snap Interactive, Inc.
Alarm.com


Midland States Bancorp, Inc.
Digital Map Products
IBC Advanced Alloys Corp.


Actuant Corporation
DSW Inc.




Would you like to receive our weekly CFO Moves directly in your email? Click the SIGN ME UP! button on the right of the blog page.
Should you have any CFO Moves to report, please email us.
NEW: CFO Search Report available monthly to CFOs only. Read more here.
CFO Moves is published by Samuel Dergel (Executive Search Consultant and CFO & Financial Executive Search Specialist with Dergel Executive Search). Samuel can be reached by email at samuel@dergelcfo.com or by phone at +1 (415) 738-2070.
+ + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + +
Golden Entertainment, Inc. [LAS VEGAS] (NASDAQ: GDEN) announced that Charles Protell will be named Executive Vice President, Chief Strategy Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company. Mr. Protell most recently was a Managing Director of Investment Banking for Macquarie Capital. Prior to Macquarie Capital, he held similar investment banking positions with REGAL Capital Advisors, Credit Suisse, Deutsche Bank, and CIBC World Markets. In addition, Gary Vecchiarelli will be joining Golden Entertainment as Senior Vice President of Finance and Accounting. Mr. Vecchiarelli has over 15 years of professional experience in various senior accounting and finance roles. Since 2012, Mr. Vecchiarelli has acted as Chief Financial Officer of Galaxy Gaming. Prior to Galaxy Gaming, Mr. Vecchiarelli served in numerous public accounting roles, including with firms such as BDO USA, LLP, McGladrey & Pullen, LLP and Crawford, Pimentel & Co., Inc. Golden Entertainment’s current Chief Financial Officer, Matthew Flandermeyer, is leaving the Company on November 28, 2016, to pursue family business opportunities. Mr. Protell will begin his employment with the Company by December 1, 2016, and Mr. Vecchiarelli will begin his employment with the Company by January 3, 2017.
Bo Meissner
NatureSweet Tomatoes [SAN ANTONIO] announced Bo Meissner as its new chief financial officer. Prior to his time at NatureSweet, Meissner also served in a broad range of finance and accounting roles at Procter & Gamble in the U.S, Canada, and Europe. He also worked at Dr. Pepper Snapple where he was the commercial finance leader, and head of finance.
Helios and Matheson Analytics [MIAMI & NEW YORK] (NASDAQ: HMNY) announced that it is welcoming its new Chief Financial Officer, Stuart Benson. Prior to that, Benson served as CFO of the Sundance Channel. Benson also held leadership positions at Showtime Networks and DeLaurentiis Entertainment Group. He is currently a Board Member of the Media Financial Management Association.
Asterias Biotherapeutics, Inc. [FREMONT, Calif.] (NYSE MKT: AST) announced the appointment of Ryan Chavez to the position of Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Chavez will also retain the title of General Counsel. Mr. Chavez joined Asterias in July 2016 as its Executive Vice President of Finance and General Counsel. Prior to joining Asterias, Mr. Chavez was Vice President and General Counsel of Mallinckrodt’s Autoimmune and Rare Disease Division. Before joining Mallinckrodt in August 2014, he served as Associate General Counsel at Questcor. Prior to joining Questcor in October 2012, he worked at the law firms of Stradling, Yocca, Carlson & Rauth and Rutan & Tucker. Previously, Mr. Chavez served in various financial roles at General Electric Co.
Millendo Therapeutics, Inc. [ANN ARBOR, Mich.] announced the appointment of Christopher J. Seiter as its Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining Millendo, Mr. Seiter served as a Managing Director at Bank of America Merrill Lynch in the firm’s healthcare investment banking group. During his 17-year tenure there, Chris held various roles of increasing responsibility, including Head of Life Sciences Investment Banking. Prior to that, Mr. Seiter worked in the healthcare investment banking groups at UBS, Dillon Read and Kidder Peabody. Before his career in investment banking, Mr. Seiter served in the U.S. Navy as a nuclear submarine officer for five years.
NN Inc. [JOHNSON CITY, Tenn.] (NASDAQ: NNBR) announced that Thomas C. Burwell, Jr. has been promoted to senior vice president, and chief financial officer. Mr. Burwell, 47, joined NN in September 2005 as corporate controller. In 2011 he was promoted to vice president, chief accounting officer and corporate controller. Prior to joining NN, Mr. Burwell held various positions at Coats Viyella, PLC from 1997 to 2005, ultimately becoming the vice president of finance for the U.S. industrial division.
Gap Inc. [SAN FRANCISCO] (NYSE: GPS) announced the appointment of Teri List-Stoll as executive vice president and chief financial officer. List-Stoll will succeed Sabrina Simmons. Most recently, List-Stoll held the position of executive vice president and chief financial officer for Dick’s Sporting Goods, Inc. Previously, she served in senior finance roles, including chief financial officer for Kraft Foods Group, Inc. List-Stoll spent almost two decades growing her career at The Procter & Gamble Company, where she ultimately served as senior vice president and treasurer. She began her career at Deloitte & Touche LLP.
Michael F. Carotenuto
Cambridge Bancorp [CAMBRIDGE, Mass.] announced that Michael F. Carotenuto has been appointed the company’s Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Carotenuto will succeed Albert R. Rietheimer, who served as Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer since 2005. Mr. Carotenuto most recently served as Senior Vice President, Director of Treasury and Internal Reporting at Belmont Savings Bank since 2011. Prior to that he worked at People’s United Financial, Inc. as an Accounting Policies Advisor and was on the Risk Advisory Services staff at Ernst & Young, LLP.
Charles Field
PeoplesBank [YORK, Pa.] announced that Charles T. Field has joined the company as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Field will also serve as Treasurer of the Bank’s holding company, Codorus Valley Bancorp, Inc. Most recently, Mr. Field was employed by East River Bank in Philadelphia as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.  Prior to that, he was employed in the same role by The Westchester Bank.
Olivier Leonetti
Zebra Technologies Corporation [LINCOLNSHIRE, Ill.] (NASDAQ: ZBRA) announced the appointment of Olivier Leonetti as Chief Financial Officer. He succeeds Michael C. Smiley, who is stepping down. Most recently, Mr. Leonetti served as Chief Financial Officer at Western Digital Corporation. Prior to Western Digital, Mr. Leonetti served as Vice President, Finance – Global Commercial Organization at Amgen, Inc.
Entercom Communications Corp. [BALA CYNWYD, Pa.] (NYSE: ETM) announced that Steve Fisher will be stepping down as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company. Thereafter, Mr. Fisher will provide consultative services to the Company. Mr. Fisher, has served as the Company’s Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since 1998.
Ping Identity [DENVER] announced the appointment of Raj Dani as Chief Financial Officer. Dani joins Ping from AVI-SPL, where he was CFO. Prior to AVI-SPL, he held leadership financial positions at Flextronics, Jabil Circuit and TeleTech.
WCA Waste Corporation [HOUSTON] announced that it has appointed Dianna Cervantes to the position of Chief Financial Officer. Cervantes joins WCA after serving as Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer of Rockwater Energy Solutions.
RealD [BEVERLY HILLS, Calif.] announced that Jeff Spain has joined the company as Chief Financial Officer. Most recently, he served as CFO at Rentech Inc.
Huntsman Corporation [THE WOODLANDS, Texas] (NYSE: HUN) announced the appointment of Sean Douglas to Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. He replaces J. Kimo Esplin, who was promoted to Executive Vice President, Strategy and Investment, and has been the company’s CFO for 17 years. Mr. Douglas joined the Company in 1990 and has held several positions, most recently Vice President, Corporate Development and Treasurer.
Tracey Joubert
Molson Coors Brewing Company [DENVER & MONTREAL] (NYSE: TAP; TSX: TPX) announced that Tracey Joubert, current Chief Financial Officer of the Company’s US business, has been appointed as Molson Coors’ new Chief Financial Officer. He replaces Mauricio Restrepo has resigned from his position as Chief Financial Officer of Molson Coors Brewing Company. Joubert has served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for MillerCoors since 2012. Previously, she was Vice President of finance, planning & analysis and controller for MillerCoors and before that as Director of finance and group services at Miller Brewing Company. She came to Miller from SAB Limited in Johannesburg, South Africa, where she served as financial manager, technical accounting, and was later promoted to financial manager, finance services. Prior to joining SAB Limited, she was financial manager at Barloworld, Ltd. and articled at KPMG South Africa.
Drew Industries Incorporated [ELKHART, Ind.] (NYSE: DW) announced that it has named Brian Hall as Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Hall has served as the Company’s interim CFO since September 26, 2016, replacing David M. Smith. Mr. Hall joined the Company in March 2013, and has served as Corporate Controller since June 2013, and interim Chief Financial Officer since September 2016.  Prior to joining the Company, he spent more than 16 years in public accounting, most recently as a Senior Manager at Crowe Horwath LLP.
Lamb Weston Holdings, Inc. [EAGLE, Idaho] (NYSE: LW) announced that Robert McNutt has been appointed senior vice president and chief financial officer. McNutt currently is the chief financial officer at Expera Specialty Solutions, LLC. Prior to that he was the chief financial officer for Greif, Inc. Before joining Greif, McNutt served as chief financial officer at Boise, Inc., and spent 22 years in roles of increasing responsibility at Boise Cascade.
Black Box Corporation [PITTSBURGH] (NASDAQ: BBOX) announced that Anthony J. Massetti has joined the Company as its Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. He replaces Timothy C. Huffmyer will remain with the Company as Vice President, Finance. Mr. Massetti was previously the Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for Avaya. Prior to joining Avaya, he was the SVP and Chief Financial Officer of NCR Corporation. Prior to joining NCR, Mr. Massetti was CFO for QLogic Corporation and served as Vice President, Finance for SanDisk Corporation. He started his career with IBM Corporation.
Royal Financial, Inc. [CHICAGO] (OTCQX: RYFL) announced that Jodi A. Ojeda will resign as the Chief Financial Officer (“CFO”) of the Company and Bank for personal reasons. The Company also announced that Leonard Szwajkowski, President and CEO of the Company and Bank since 2007, will be appointed Interim Chief Financial Officer of the Company and Bank. Mr. Szwajkowski previously served as CFO and Interim CFO from 2006 to January 3, 2008.
Callidus Software Inc. [DUBLIN, CA] (NASDAQ: CALD) announced that Chief Financial Officer Bob L. Corey will retire. He will be succeeded by Roxanne Oulman, who was the company’s Senior Vice President of Finance and Accounting.
Evolve BioSystems, Inc. [DAVIS, CA] announce that Susan Vandegrift has joined the executive team as Chief Financial Officer.
Judy Krandel
Snap Interactive, Inc. [NEW YORK, NY] (OTCQB: STVI) announced that Judy F. Krandel has been appointed as the Company’s Chief Financial Officer. Ms. Krandel replaces Alex Harrington, who had been serving as interim Chief Financial Officer and fulfilling the duties of principal financial officer and principal accounting officer since March 15, 2014. Mr. Harrington will continue to serve as the Chief Executive Officer of the Company. Prior to joining Snap, Ms. Krandel served as a portfolio manager at the Juniper Investment Company. Ms. Krandel joined Juniper in 2011 as Portfolio Manager for the Juniper Public Fund. Before that, Ms. Krandel was a Portfolio Manager at Alpine Woods. Prior to that, she was a Portfolio Manager from 2001 to 2009 at First New York Securities, LLC.
Alarm.com [TYSONS, Va.] (NASDAQ: ALRM) announced that Steve Valenzuela has been named Chief Financial Officer (CFO). Mr. Valenzuela joins Alarm.com from SugarCRM, where he served as CFO since January of 2015. He has served as CFO of five different software enterprises including Apigee Corporation and served as the Vice President of Finance and Operations for the Mobile Platforms Group at Citrix following its acquisition of Zenprise, where he was CFO. Earlier in his career Mr. Valenzuela held financial management positions with Tandem Computers, Atari and Intel.
Midland States Bancorp, Inc. [EFFINGHAM, Ill.] (NASDAQ: MSBI) announced that Kevin L. Thompson has been appointed to the position of Chief Financial Officer of the holding company and the bank. Mr. Thompson succeeds Jeffrey G. Ludwig in the CFO role, which follows Mr. Ludwig’s promotion to President of Midland States Bank in February 2016. Mr. Ludwig is also Executive Vice President of the holding company. Kevin Thompson joins Midland from Zions Bancorporation, where he served as Senior Vice President, Corporate Finance since 2014. Prior to joining Zions, Mr. Thompson worked for American Express from 2006 to 2014.
Digital Map Products [IRVINE, CA] announced the addition of Tom Patterson as Chief Financial Officer. Patterson’s past experiences include executive and senior finance roles at software companies including: Kareo, Teletrac Navman, Quest Software, and Citrix.
IBC Advanced Alloys Corp. [FRANKLIN, INDIANA] (TSX VENTURE: IB) (OTCQB: IAALF) announced that David Anderson, the Company’s current Vice President of Finance, has been appointed as Chief Financial Officer, replacing Simon Anderson, who has joined the Company’s Board of Directors. David Anderson worked at IBC and its predecessor company since 2007, serving in a variety of accounting, human resources, and information technology roles.
Actuant Corporation [MILWAUKEE] (NYSE: ATU) announced that Rick Dillon will join the Company and become the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Actuant. He replaces Andrew Lampereur, the Company’s current Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Dillon is currently Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Century Aluminum Co. Mr. Dillon has been Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Century Aluminum Co. since 2014. Prior to Joy he served as Vice President-Business Planning and Analysis and Vice President-Controller and Chief Accounting Officer at Newell Brands, and Vice President-Controller and Chief Accounting Officer at Briggs & Stratton Corporation. Mr. Dillon began his career at Arthur Andersen LLP.
DSW Inc. [COLUMBUS, Ohio] (NYSE: DSW) announced the appointment of Jared Poff, Senior Vice President to Chief Financial Officer. DSW Inc. promoted Jared Poff to Senior Vice President, Finance, and interim Chief Financial Officer, on June 6, 2016. Since joining DSW on January, 2015, Mr. Poff served as Vice President of Finance, Business Development, and Treasurer of DSW. Prior to joining DSW, Mr. Poff served as Vice President, Treasurer at Big Lots, Inc. since February 2004.
Share this:LinkedInTwitterFacebookGoogleEmailPrintLike this:Like Loading...Follow CFO Moves via Email

Join the 6,384 people that receive this update by email every week. 
Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email.
 

							Email Address						












Sign up for the CFO Search Report
CFO Search Report, a follow on to CFO Moves, provides  information on CFO career opportunities in the market. 
CFO Search Report provides eligible CFOs with more information on the career opportunities identified in CFO Moves.  
CFO Search Report will provide monthly updates to eligible CFOs only. 
To apply to join and receive this exclusive monthly report, please click this link.
PS - Only qualified CFOs will be accepted to receive this exclusive monthly report. 


Samuel Dergel
Samuel is an Executive Search Consultant and CFO & Financial Executive Search Specialist with Dergel Executive Search.
Samuel and his team prepares this blog weekly so you can have one comprehensive source for CFO Moves across the USA. We track CFO Moves in our quest to be the most knowledgeable and up to date Executive Search firm focusing on the Chief Financial Officer.
If you are a company that would like help with your next CFO Hire, are a CFO that is looking to hire the right deputies for your team, or are a CFO looking for your next move, feel free to contact us.
Telephone: (415) 738-2070
Email: samuel@dergelcfo.com

 
 


Twitter: DergelCFOFollow"6 years later: Looking back at my career reboot" https://t.co/0DOtFZjK8z by @DergelCFO on @LinkedIn   Are you a #CFO with something to say about US #taxreform ?   RT @cfo: Penn West CFO and two deputies charged with #fraud. https://t.co/BlM98ACgrm https://t.co/oA76gnXLFu   This weeks' #CFO Moves includes movement at @LiquidRobotics @Kohls @MarinSoftware and 19 other co's… https://t.co/3VA0ZPZBq8   RT @OracleERPCloud: #CFOs: which quality best describes your style? See what else @DergelCFO thinks makes a great #CFO https://t.co/3TLWeah…   
Archives
Archives

Select Month
 July 2017 
 June 2017 
 May 2017 
 April 2017 
 March 2017 
 February 2017 
 January 2017 
 December 2016 
 November 2016 
 October 2016 
 September 2016 
 August 2016 
 July 2016 
 June 2016 
 May 2016 
 April 2016 
 March 2016 
 February 2016 
 January 2016 
 December 2015 
 November 2015 
 October 2015 
 September 2015 
 August 2015 
 July 2015 
 June 2015 
 May 2015 
 April 2015 
 March 2015 
 February 2015 
 January 2015 
 December 2014 
 November 2014 
 October 2014 
 September 2014 
 August 2014 
 July 2014 
 June 2014 
 May 2014 
 April 2014 
 March 2014 
 February 2014 
 January 2014 
 December 2013 
 November 2013 
 October 2013 
 September 2013 
 August 2013 
 July 2013 
 June 2013 
 May 2013 
 April 2013 
 March 2013 
 February 2013 
 January 2013 
 December 2012 
 November 2012 
 October 2012 
 September 2012 
 August 2012 
 July 2012 
 June 2012 
 May 2012 
 April 2012 
 March 2012 
 February 2012 
 January 2012 
 December 2011 
 November 2011 
 October 2011 
 September 2011 


EmailLinkedinRSSTwitter
© 2011-2016 Samuel Dergel (Executive Search Consultant and CFO Search Specialist). All rights reserved


 




Send to Email Address

Your Name

Your Email Address





Cancel

				Post was not sent - check your email addresses!			

				Email check failed, please try again			

				Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.			














%d bloggers like this:







Michael C Smiley















































🔍





Home


Magazines


Advertising


Events


Videos


Contact us


Special Reports









Saturday, July 22, 2017



Michael C Smiley







Shipbuilding/Repair


Deepwater


Offshore


Coastal/Inland


Government


Equipment


Training


Law & Regulations












Twin Disc Chairman Michael Batten Passes Away

Twin Disc, Inc. announced the passing of Michael E. Batten, Chairman of Twin Disc, Inc. He died in his sleep on the morning of May 6, 2015 at the age of 75. Batten worked at Twin Disc since June 1, 1970 and was fully devoted to the company and his family. His positive impression on the countless coworkers he worked with during his more than four decades of service at Twin Disc, as well as the greater community of his lifelong home of Racine, Wisconsin, will not be forgotten. Batten will be remembered for his hard work, dedication, intelligence, honesty and fairness. The board of directors met on May 7, 2015 and appointed David B. Rayburn as Chairman.



Search Underway for Missing Sailboat from Chicago                                                   

 Coast Guard units from both sides of Lake Michigan are conducting a search for the BALANCE, a 32-ft. sailboat, white with black trim,  white sails and a smiley face on the mainsail.

Aboard the BALANCE are Jay Rzechula, 43-years old from Oaklawn, Ill., and his four children Harley a 13-year old male, Margie a 12-year old female, Casey a 10-year old male and Abbey an 8-year old female. 

BALANCE was last heard from on August 11, when one of the children called home to speak with their mother. The boat was heading home to the Jackson Park Yacht Club from Mackinac Island.

Coast Guard search and rescue boats and aircraft from both sides of the lake and a C-130 search plane from Clearwater, Fl., have been focusing their search between Manistee, Mich., and Chicago.





Low Water Still Hampers Rhine, Danube shipping


Water on the Rhine and Danube in Germany remains shallow and cargo vessels cannot sail fully loaded, traders said on Monday. The rivers had fallen below normal levels in late June after dry weather. The Rhine is still too shallow for normal sailings from Duisburg and Cologne to southern stretches of the river, traders said. All of the Danube in Germany is too shallow for normal loading. Shallow water means vessel operators impose surcharges on freight rates, increasing costs for cargo owners. 



Seacroft Hires Pearce as Engineering & DP Manager


Aberdeen-based Seacroft Marine Consultants said it has appointed Richard Pearce as Marine Engineering and Dynamic Positioning (DP) Manager, as the firm looks to develop more specialized offshore marine projects. Pearce brings to the role 16 years’ experience in engineering and technical disciplines of the marine and offshore industry, including spells at some of the sector’s most prominent names. Most recently he was technical manager at Fletcher Group and service delivery manager… 

 




















Bourque Joins Sea Machines


Following a recent capital investment and the growing global interest from the marine sector, Sea Machines Robotics said it has been expanding its crew and is poised for further growth, expecting to deliver first generation systems to marine customers this summer. Over the past two months, Sea Machines has added multiple new members to its experienced team of engineers, scientists and mariners. Among the new hires is Phil Bourque, the company’s new director of business development. 



Tesoro Refining Wins 2011 Long Beach Oil Spill Case


Freeman Freeman & Smiley say that its lead trial attorney  Robert S. Crowder (assisted by attorneys Russell R. Fisk and John D. Van Ackeren) have celebrated a win with their client, Tesoro Refining & Marketing Company LLC in a lawsuit filed by Plaintiffs North of England Protecting & Indemnity Association Limited, United Africa Petroleum Limited and General National Maritime Transport Company. Plaintiffs brought claims as insurer, owner and operator of the Libyan Motor Tanker Aljalaa for cleanup costs associated with an oil spill which occurred at Tesoro’s Long Beach… 



Bisso Towboat Accepts 4,000 ASD Tractor Tug

Bisso Towboat Co., Inc. announced the delivery of its new 4,000 HP ASD tractor tug Michael S. Constructed at Main Iron Works, Houma, LA, the 100 by 38 by 13.5-ft Michael S. is powered by two Cat 3516B main engines, producing 2,000 hp each at 1,600 RPM, which drive two Ulstein-Aquamaster US205 MK2 z-drives. The Z-drives feature 90.6 inch diameter by 82.4 inch pitch four blade stainless steel propellers set in stainless steel nozzles and the estimated bollard pull is 60 tons. Electrical service is provided by a pair of 99 KW Marathon Mariner generators powered by John Deere 6068TFM76 engines. Deck equipment includes a Markey DYSF-42 hydraulic bow winch equipped with 500 ft of eight inch circumference Plasma line and a Washington Chain and Supply RSRH100 100-ton quick release tow hook.



Singapore's Troubled FSL Trust Appoint Independent Audit Directors

Independent directors have been appointed to FSL Trust Audit Committee.

FSL Trust Management Pte. Ltd. (“FSLTM”), as trustee-manager of First Ship Lease Trust (“FSL Trust”), announces that Mr. Michael J. Oliver and Mr. Simon S. Davidson, both non-executive and independent directors of the Board of FSLTM, have been appointed as members of FSLTM’s Audit Committee (“Audit Committee”).

Mr. Michael J. Oliver, who has over 40 years of international experience in the banking and financial services industry, will serve as Chairman of the Audit Committee. With the new appointments, the Audit Committee now comprises three non-executive and independent directors:- 

• Mr. Michael J. Oliver (Chairman) 
• Mr. Simon S. Davidson 
• Dr. Michael John Montesano III



US Navy to Commission John Finn Today


The Navy will commission its newest guided-missile destroyer, the future USS John Finn (DDG 113), during a 10 a.m. HAST ceremony Saturday, July 15, at Joint Base Pearl Harbor-Hickam, Hawaii. The new destroyer honors Chief Aviation Ordnanceman John Finn, who received the Medal of Honor for heroism during the first attack by Japanese airplanes at Pearl Harbor. While under heavy machine gun fire, Finn manned a .50-caliber machine gun mounted on an instruction stand in a completely exposed section of the parking ramp. Wounded multiple times, he had to be convinced to leave his post. 



ECNAV Names New Guided-Missile Destroyer USS Michael Murphy


By Mass Communication Specialist 2nd Class (AW) Kevin S. Secretary of the Navy, Donald C. Winter announced on May 7 at a ceremony in , the name of the newest Arleigh Burke-class guided-missile destroyer will be USS Michael Murphy. Designated as DDG 112, the name honors Lt. Michael Murphy who was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for his heroic actions during Operation Red Wing, in  on June 28, 2005. "Michael Murphy's name which will be forever synonymous with astonishing courage under fire will now be associated with one of the U.S. 



Kuehne Raises Hapag-Lloyd Stake to 17 pct


Logistics entrepreneur Klaus-Michael Kuehne has raised his shareholding in German container shipping line Hapag-Lloyd to 17.15 percent from 14.1 percent, his Swiss-based Kuehne Holding said on Thursday. Kuehne was taking advantage of shares being sold by TUI , which on Tuesday completed the disposal of its remaining 7.9 percent of shares to focus on cruise ship acquisitions. TUI's move allowed Kuehne to expand its investment in Hapag-Lloyd, which it said it considered to be long-term. 



Michael Else & Company Launch New Insurance Cover

Michael Else & Company, manager of the Charterers P&I Club and Transmarine, has launched a new product to provide innovative insurance solutions worldwide for small and medium-sized multimodal transport operators and shipping intermediaries such as freight forwarders, NVOCCs and ship agents. The new product, Portside Insurance Management Services operates as a brand within Michael Else & Company’s existing structure and the security is provided 100 per cent by Torus Insurance (UK) Ltd, rated A M Best A- (Excellent). Christopher Else, Managing Director of Michael Else & Company, says, “We are excited to be launching a new product that fits so well with our existing brands and which will immediately benefit from our established network of clients, brokers and suppliers.



NWF Elects New Officers

Michael Hennessey Named Chairman. Michael W. Hennessey, Vice President, Sales and Marketing, Brownsville Marine Products, was elected Chairman. He succeeds Craig E. Philip, President and CEO, Ingram Barge Company, who remains on the Foundation as Immediate Past-Chairman. Michael Toohey, President and CEO, Waterways Council, Inc., was named Secretary. Joseph H. Pyne, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Kirby Corporation, was re-elected as Treasurer of the Foundation. “I look forward to working with our esteemed officers and trustees this year, as the Foundation considers undertaking a number of industry studies and activities that will better allow the waterways industry to tell its story through facts and data,” said Chairman Hennessey.



Stewart Group Launches Subsea Division


The Stewart Group, an international shipbroker, has added new depth with the appointment of Michael Braid to launch its specialist subsea and renewables business. "We're delighted Michael has joined The Stewart Group team,” said Paul Love, Managing Director of The Stewart Group. The Stewart Group, which has offices in Aberdeen, London, Houston, Cape Town and Ghana, is a world leader in shipbroking for the procurement of offshore support vessels, deep sea towage, salvage and ship sale/purchase services. 



Mike Senner Retires from Karl Senner Inc.


Mike Senner has retired from New Orleans, La.-based Karl Senner Inc. effective April 30, 2012, the company announced. In making the announcement, the company said in its press release "We want to thank Michael for his many years of valuable and loyal service and his integral role in the great success Karl Senner Inc. has enjoyed over the past many years. Michael will be greatly missed by the Karl Senner Inc. family. We wish Michael the very best and that he enjoys great success in his future endeavors."
  



Photo of the Day - USS Michael Murphy Commissioning


The ship's officers & crew 'Man the Ship' during the commissioning ceremony of the Arleigh-Burke class destroyer 'USS Michael Murphy' (DDG 112).
The commissioning ceremony was in New York.

Murphy is named after Lt. Michael Murphy, a Navy SEAL and Medal of Honor recipient who posthumously received the nation's highest military honor for bravery during combat in Afghanistan in 2005.
U.S. Navy photo by Mass Communication Specialist 1st Class Peter D. Lawlor. 



New Bunker Trader at Dan-Bunkering


Dan-Bunkering (America) Inc. has appointed Michael Moschos as Bunker Trader as of 15 October 2012.

Dan-Bunkering (America) Inc. opened for business earlier this year and has been very well received within the business. The employment of Michael Moschos is part of Dan-Bunkering’s long-term objective which implies strengthening the company’s position on the American market and continuing to recruit more traders to expand the newly opened office in Houston, Texas.  



Ocean Installer Appoints Head for New U.S. Office


Ocean Installer appointed Michael Newbury as President for its U.S. office, located in Houston, Texas. The office has been established to cater for projects run out of the US. Entering his new position in April 2013, Michael Newbury brings with him managerial experience and track record from the U.S. subsea industry. He comes from a position as Vice President for Operations and Business Development with the U.S.-based subsea contractor Deep Down, Inc. and has senior experience from the U.S. subsea industry, including Subsea 7 and Halliburton. The process of opening an Ocean Installer U.S. 



Minning Joins EBDG                                                                                  

Michael Minnig has recently joined the structural engineering team at Elliott Bay Design Group.  He holds a BS in Maritime Systems Engineering
from Texas A & M at Galveston and a MS in Ocean Engineering from Virginia Tech.  Before relocating to the Pacific Northwest, Michael worked for Northrop Grumman at their Ingalls Shipbuilding facility in Pascagoula,Miss.  His first project, to model and perform structural analysis on a 320 ft. x 126 ft. drydock facility.





New Director of Engineering for Foss


Foss Maritime announced that Michael Minnig has been promoted to Director of Engineering. Minnig joined Foss in 2012 with more than 15 years of naval architecture experience in vessel design, shipyard construction support, and project management. He has a background in vessel stability assessment, structural engineering including finite element analysis and 3-D modeling. "Michael brings strong technical skills coupled with extensive industry experience to his new position, " said Mike Magill, Vice President of Technical Services for Foss, who made the announcement. 



USCG Assist Fishing Vessel near Gloucester


Coast Guard crews assisted a disabled fishing vessel 35 miles east of Gloucester, Massachusetts, on Thursday. At about 4 p.m., Wednesday, the three person crew of the fishing vessel Kristin and Michael notified watchstanders at Coast Guard Sector Boston that their vessel was experiencing engine problems and they had become disabled. Coast Guard Cutter Escanaba was diverted to the scene and took the Kristen and Michael in tow. The crew of the Escanaba transferred the tow to a Coast Guard Station Gloucester crew… 



Rucker Named President of Tideworks

Tideworks Technology Inc., a full-service provider of terminal management and planning software solutions, announced that Thomas J. “T.J.” Rucker will assume the role of president effective September 1, 2017, succeeding retiring president Michael Schwank, who led the company for 19 years. Rucker will relocate to Seattle in August to ensure a smooth transition into the role. Rucker is currently vice president of operations at Manzanillo International Terminal (MIT), one of the largest container terminals in Latin America, where he is responsible for managing liner customer relationships, strategic planning and ensuring terminal productivity and KPI performance.



Michael Jackson sworn in – James Loy retires                                                        



        The Department of Homeland Security issued a Press Release stating that Michael P. Jackson was sworn in as Deputy Secretary.  The press release fails to note that he replaced James Loy, who retired after almost 45 years of service to the nation in the U.S. Coast Guard (where he served as Commandant with the rank of Admiral), the Transportation Security Administration (where he served as Administrator), and the Department (where he served as Deputy Secretary).  

Source:  HK Law

 











































Digitalization: A New Era in Connectivity













Maritime Reporter and Engineering News’ first edition was published in New York City in 1883 and became our flagship publication in 1939. 
It is the world’s largest audited circulation magazine serving the global maritime industry, delivering more insightful editorial and news to more industry decision makers than any other source.
        
Subscribe





Maritime Reporter E-News is the subsea industry's largest circulation and most authoritative ENews Service, delivered to your Email three times per week
Subscribe for Maritime Reporter E-News









































   Michael Smiley | Zebra Technologies Corporation | ZoomInfo.com

	
        Compensation Information for Michael C. Smiley , Former Chief Financial Officer of ZEBRA TECHNOLOGIES CP  -CL A | Salary.com
    


























Enterprise
Small Business
Personal




Contact Us
Log In


































Salaries
Jobs
Education
Advice
























 





Michael C. Smiley 
Executive Compensation
As Former Chief Financial Officer at ZEBRA TECHNOLOGIES CP  -CL A, Michael C. Smiley  made $1,828,387 in total compensation.  Of this total $447,246 was received as a salary, $241,251 was received as a bonus, $220,012 was received in stock options, $880,002 was awarded as stock and $39,876 came from other types of compensation. This information is according to proxy statements filed for the 2016 fiscal year. 


ENTER AN EXECUTIVE OR COMPANY NAME
New Search


Go



The chart on this page features a breakdown of the total annual pay for Michael C. Smiley ,  Former Chief Financial Officer at ZEBRA TECHNOLOGIES CP  -CL A as reported in their proxy statements. 
Total Cash Compensation information is comprised of yearly Base Pay and Bonuses. ZEBRA TECHNOLOGIES CP  -CL A income statements for executive base pay and bonus are filed yearly with the SEC in the edgar filing system. ZEBRA TECHNOLOGIES CP  -CL A annual reports of executive compensation and pay are most commonly found in the Def 14a documents.
Total Equity aggregates grant date fair value of stock and option awards and long term incentives granted during the fiscal year.
Other Compensation covers all compensation-like awards that don't fit in any of these other standard categories. Numbers reported do not include change in pension value and non-qualified deferred compensation earnings.



Other Executives at this Company


Hugh K. Gagnier 
Anders  Gustafsson 
Joachim  Heel 
William  Burns 

Olivier  Leonetti 






Michael C. Smiley 


Base Pay$447,246
Bonus + Incentive Comp$241,251
Total Cash Compensation$688,497


Stock Award Value$880,002
Option Award Value$220,012
Total Equity$1,100,014



Total Other$39,876



Total Compensation$1,828,387




Browse Executives by First Name
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z


Browse Companies by Company Name
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
#



This report is not for commercial use. Thorough reviews have been conducted to assure this data accurately reflects disclosures. However for a complete and definitive understanding of the pay practices of any company, users should refer directly to the actual, complete proxy statement. 
Use of Data / Disclaimer
The information shown here is a reporting of information included in the company's proxy statement. The proxy statement includes footnotes and explanations of this information plus other information that is pertinent in assessing the overall value and appropriateness of the compensation information. For those interested in conducting a detailed compensation analysis, we recommend that you review the entire proxy statement. You may retrieve the full proxy statement by going to the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) website at www.sec.gov and entering the company's name and then looking in the first column for an entry of "Form DEF 14A" (or any similar code). You may also find the annual proxy statement by going directly to the company's website.
What is a proxy statement?
A proxy statement (or "proxy") is a form that every publicly traded U.S. company is required to file with the U.S. Securities & Exchange Commission (SEC) within 120 days after the end of its fiscal year. The proxy must be sent to every shareholder in advance of the company's annual shareholders meeting. All proxy statements are public filings made available to the general public by the SEC.
The proxy statement's main purpose is to alert shareholders to the annual meeting and provide them information about the issues that will be voted on during the annual meeting, including decisions such as electing directors, ratifying the selection of auditors, and other shareholder-related decisions, including shareholder-initiated initiatives. Also, proxies must disclose specific detailed information regarding the pay practices for certain executives.







    





 

 






     

privacy policy
terms of use
about us
contact us

©  Salary.com. All rights reserved.


US Salaries
Canadian Salaries
Purchase a Salary Report
Salaries by Category
Salaries by Income
Salaries by Industry
Popular Salaries
Negotiation Tips
Benefits Calculator
Search Job Openings
Job Openings by State
Job Openings by Category
Education by Career
Education by Level
Education by Major
Cost of Living Calculator
























 



Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














michael c smiley - NetFind Content Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web




























Web


Web



Content











Search Michael Smiley - Looking for Michael Smiley?



Ad
 ·
Search.TruthFinder.com



Looking for Michael Smiley? All You Need is a Name and State.





Search Records Now



Best Background Check



Find Out the Truth




Learn More



Best People Search



Search Arrest Records





Find Anyone's Records | peoplelooker.com



Ad
 ·
www.peoplelooker.com/​Michael Smiley



Have Information at Your Fingertips Instantly. Try PeopleLooker Today!





Uncover Potential Relatives



Photos & Videos



Historical Deeds




Location History



Email Address



Monitor Social Info





John L. Bacon D.D.S | flagstaffdentist.com



Ad
 ·
flagstaffdentist.com



Flagstaff Family Dentist





Preventive Dentistry



Restorative Dentistry



Cosmetic Dentistry



FAQ's
















Michael Smiley




Michael Smiley (born 1963) is a Northern Irish comic and actor who lives in London. Early life Smiley was born in 1963 in Belfast and grew up in Holywood. He moved to London

more


Go to:
Encyclopedia
-
News
-
Videos
-
Reference


Source:
Wikipedia







Results From The WOW.Com Content Network

Michael Smiley - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Michael_Smiley


Early life. Smiley was born in 1963 in Belfast and grew up in Holywood. He moved to London in his 20s with his wife. He began doing stand-up in 1993, after accepting ...


Michael Moore: Fascists Now Come With 'A Smiley Face And ...

www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/michael-moore-donald-trump_us_5829c5...


“The next wave of fascists will not come with cattle cars and concentration camps, but they’ll come with a smiley face and maybe a TV show,” Michael ...


Michael Smiley news, features and videos - WOW.com

www.wow.com/channel/michael-smiley


All the latest news on Michael Smiley. Includes blogs, articles, opinion, Michael Smiley videos and more, on WOW.com


Tavis Smiley: Obama Is The First President Who Hasn't ...

www.huffingtonpost.com/2011/08/10/tavis-smiley-barack-obama-cornel...


By Michael Calderone. 7.8k. ... On Wednesday, Smiley backed up West's viewpoint during a C-SPAN sit-down with him to discuss their 16-city poverty tour.


Tavis Smiley: Killer Mike on Why Blacks Should ... - HuffPost

www.huffingtonpost.com/tavis-smiley/tavis-smiley-killer-mike_b...


Tonight, I'm joined by Michael Render, a.k.a. "Killer Mike." The prolific rapper and influential activist is one half of the popular Hip-Hop duo, Run the...


My Conversation With Michael Moore | HuffPost

www.huffingtonpost.com/tavis-smiley/my-conversation-with-mich_b...


My Conversation With Michael Moore. By Tavis Smiley. Earlier today, ... Tavis Smiley PBS talk show host, PRI radio host, NYT bestselling author MORE:


In Defense of Tavis and Cornel | HuffPost

www.huffingtonpost.com/.../in-defense-of-tavis-and-c_b_922891.html


I am friends with Tavis Smiley and Cornel West, ... Michael Fauntroy is associate professor of public policy at ... In Defense of Tavis and Cornel. 220.


Smile (The Beach Boys album) - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Smile_(The_Beach_Boys_album)


Smile (The Beach Boys album) ... Sessions participant Michael Vosse believed that Smile, ... before the release of Smiley Smile, ...


Michael Eric Dyson | HuffPost

www.huffingtonpost.com/topic/michael-eric-dyson


Michael Eric Dyson: Hillary's White Privilege Will Make Her A Better President For Black Americans By Rahel Gebreyes. NBC NewsWire via Getty Images. RELIGION.


Smiley (name) - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Smiley_(name)


Smiley is a surname which may refer to: Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License; additional terms may apply. By using this site ...










Search Michael Smiley - Looking for Michael Smiley?



Ad
 ·
Search.TruthFinder.com



Looking for Michael Smiley? All You Need is a Name and State.





Search Records Now



Best Background Check



Find Out the Truth




Learn More



Best People Search



Search Arrest Records





Find Anyone's Records | peoplelooker.com



Ad
 ·
www.peoplelooker.com/​Michael Smiley



Have Information at Your Fingertips Instantly. Try PeopleLooker Today!





Uncover Potential Relatives



Photos & Videos



Historical Deeds




Location History



Email Address



Monitor Social Info





John L. Bacon D.D.S | flagstaffdentist.com



Ad
 ·
flagstaffdentist.com



Flagstaff Family Dentist





Preventive Dentistry



Restorative Dentistry



Cosmetic Dentistry



FAQ's



12345Next
















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network








