 
































Smith David D, 2003 Russell Street, Kennett, MO 63857, USA | Buyer Report — Panjiva





 












Panjiva

MENU 





Panjiva


Solutions

Buyers
Suppliers
Logistics
Governments
Analysts



Products

Platform
Enterprise
API



Our Data

United States Trade Data
Mexico Trade Data
Brazil Trade Data
Central & South America Data
China Trade Data
Trendspotting
Panjiva Research


Pricing
Search

English


Español 

中文 








Demo Request a Demo 

+1-646-205-0594


Sign in 











Smith David D
Company profile made by Panjiva 
 Company profile  Buyer company  United States






        See Smith David D's products and suppliers
      
Thousands of companies like you use Panjiva to research suppliers and competitors.


Sign Up

        1 min video
      






Easy access to trade data
 

U.S. Customs records organized by company
3 U.S. shipments available for Smith David D, updated weekly since 2007




Date
Buyer
Supplier
Details

          41          more fields
        


2013-11-06
See all 3 shipment records for Smith David D with a Panjiva data plan.Request a DemoorSign Up 

2013-10-08


2010-05-04
Smith David D
Bayerische Motoren Werke AG
Bmw X5
Bill of lading


Shipment data shows what products a company is trading and more.
      Learn more 



Quickly analyze trade relationships




Network view map
Explore trading relationships hidden in US import data.
See all 1 supplier of Smith David D
 Learn more about network view 




Top suppliers


Bayerische Motoren Werke A.G 






1 supplier available
        


Top products


military household 





dod 





mercedes benz e550 





mhhg dod sponsored 





mercedes benz 






19 top products available
        





Contact information for Smith David D


 

Address
1336 Graymill Ct Rohnert Park Ca Us

 


 




           


    


Sample Bill of Lading
3 shipment records available



Date
2013-11-06


Shipper Name
Daimler Ag


Shipper Address
MERCEDESSTRASSE 137,  STUTTGART DE


Consignee Name
Smith  David W


Consignee Address
29 BEEKMAN PLACE,  MADISAN CT US


Notify Party Name
Iff  Inc


Notify Party Address
452 A PLAZA DRIVE, PH  404 305 9433,  COLLEGE PARK GA US


Weight
1925


Weight Unit
K


Weight in KG
1925.0


Quantity
1


Quantity Unit
VEH


Measure
13


Measure Unit
M


Country of Origin
Germany


Details
1,925.0 kgFrom port: Bremerhaven, GermanyTo port: Baltimore, Maryland


Place of Receipt
Bremerhaven


Foreign Port of Lading
Bremerhaven, Germany


U.S. Port of Unlading
Baltimore, Maryland


U.S. Destination Port
Baltimore, Maryland


Commodity
Mercedes Benz E550 2014


Container
NC


Marks Description
Wddhf9 Bb0 Ea890690


Carrier Name
WALLENIUS WILHELMSEN LOGISTICS AMERICAS LLC


Vessel Name
INDEPENDENCE II


Voyage Number
CB328


Bill of Lading Number
WLWHDE1370098


Lloyd's Code
9070448


HTS Codes
HTS 4807







 



Buyers of similar products 
bmw mini buyersdod sponsored buyersmercedes benz buyersmhhg dod buyersmilitary household buyersproperty buyers




Suppliers of similar products
bmw mini manufacturersdod sponsored manufacturersmercedes benz manufacturersmhhg dod manufacturersmilitary household manufacturersproperty manufacturers




Buyers similar to Smith David D

M1 Distribution Inc.Alfa Laval Inc.C/OWto Express Corp.Everhills Foods Inc.Seald Sweet InternationalT.V.L.Global Logistics Corp.







Thousands of companies use Panjiva to research suppliers and competitors

Sign Up











Solutions
Buyers
Suppliers
Logistics
Governments
Analysts




Products
Platform
Enterprise
API




Data
United States
Mexico
Brazil
Central & South America
China
Panjiva Research
Partners




Company
Leadership Team
Board of Directors
Blog
Press
Contact
Jobs



                20 West 22nd Street, Suite 706New York, NY, 10010 / USA                ‌
Request a demo











English


Español 

中文 






Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Sitemap





© 2017 Panjiva, Inc.







Cart (0) 
Continue Browsing
 







 








David D Smith | Nudo Products | Email Sales Representative-building Products | @nudo.com | Phone: (217) 528-5636








































 









 



  Business Card for David D Smith:


  David D Smith
 Sales Representative-building Products
Springfield, IL area 





Nudo Products 
 
                  1500 Taylor Ave                  

Springfield, IL 62703  

                  Tel: (217) 528-5636 

www.nudo.com
 Last updated on 2016-06-06 

  Get Contact Info >>
                  it's free and takes 20 seconds






 Opt Out or Update this Contact:
 Opt Out
Update name
Update title
Update phone
Update email
Not at this company anymore 






 

 About David D Smith:

David D Smith  works as an Sales Representative-building Products for Nudo Products at Springfield, IL.  The company's webpage is http://www.nudo.com.
                  For email, phone number and executive profiles for Sales Representative-building Products and other executives of Nudo Products at Springfield, IL, check
                  Nudo Products                  at Joesdata.com. Not the David D Smith you are looking for? Do a quick search in our website and find other people named David D Smith. 

 David D Smith's Work History:
               
                No information available.. 


 David D Smith's Education:
                
                No information available.. 


 David D Smith's Co-workers:
                
                As of July 22, 2017, David D Smith has
                22                co-workers under the company name
                Nudo Products                at Joesdata.com. 






 About Nudo Products:

Nudo Products is located at 1500 Taylor Ave, Springfield, IL 62703. It has around 10 - 20 employees. Its revenue is around $20 - 50M. Business service primarily engaged in creating advertising campaigns and placing the advertising in periodicals, newspapers, radio & television or other media. The parent company of this organization is Rfe Investment PartnersUsa 

Company News: 
				No company news available. 
 
People in the same industry:

Andy KnopfmeierAssociate Manager, Sales OperationsXanodyne Pharmaceuticals, Inc.Mary McCombsAssociate Manager Sales OperationsXanodyne Pharmaceuticals, Inc.Daniel AlvaradoSales AssociateGlidden PaintsAndrea HoskinsProduct Sales AssociateEastman Chemical CompanyDrew DavisAccount Manager - Account ManagementSpecialty IncentivesJohn ZuppoSales EngineerEmerald Performance Materials LLC 







 











 














About Us 
Privacy 
Terms of Use 
Work for Us
Contact Us



People Directory:
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
Company Directory:
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z













Copyright ©  2017 Joesdata.com All Rights Reserved.








Products - DS Smith Packaging











































































































Back
Products United Kingdom

4.82 GBP
        -0.70





About
DS Smith is a European leading packaging company of customer-specific packaging with emphasis on state-of-the art packaging design and local service close to customer facilities. With a product portfolio that includes transit packaging, consumer packaging, displays and promotional packaging, customised protective packaging and industrial packaging, DS Smith answers to each market requirement. 




Offering
Whatever your packaging needs, DS Smith is your ideal strategic partner.We have different product types that serve a variety of segments. Packaging is not only a product but a real technology which involves concepts of protection to presentation for sale. Whatever your packaging needs, DS Smith is your ideal partner. As a packaging imagineers and supply-cycle specialists, we focus on saving you time and reducing costs to improve your efficiency. 




Markets
We create packaging solutions for a wide range of different sectors.  Our first step is always to understand the specific needs and constraints of your sector and what you want to achieve with your customers.




Expertise
DS Smith's Packaging Strategists work in partnership with our customers to deliver value through exceptional packaging performance at every stage of the supply cycle.  Whatever your packaging needs we will help you increase sales, lower cost and manage risks.





Contact









 







 














Retail Ready Packaging
Retail and Shelf Ready Packaging has become part of the daily shopping experience across a huge range of products in the retail environments.
Learn more about our retail and shelf ready packaging










































Products
Whatever you need your corrugated packaging to achieve, we will work with you to specify the right pack. 
Our innovative designers are eager to deliver results in your supply chain, help your products succeed in store and contribute to differentiating your brand.
Across our network we offer a comprehensive range of packaging, from retail ready packaging, consumer packs, gifting specialities, displays and postal and courier packaging to transit cases, or robust designs for heavy industrial goods. 
DS Smith offers all print options - flexographic post or pre-print, litho laminating, screen or digital – which can be specified as appropriate.
Through PackRight® our unique way of working, our team can assess your needs systematically; to specify whatever pack structure and print will work best for your packing operations, handling lines and distribution systems, and succeed for the ultimate end user.
With the specification established, we make best use of materials and production processes, to supply reliable and consistent corrugated packaging.
So, whether you are a leading brand or a local producer, we’d very much like the opportunity to offer packaging that works for you!










RETAIL READY PACKAGING (RRP) AND SHELF READY PACKAGING (SRP)
Retail Ready Packaging can enhance profitability in your supply chain, delivering lower costs, increased product availability and efficient replenishment








CONSUMER PACKAGING
In a marketplace where around 70% of purchasing decisions are made at the point-of-sale, your product needs to stand out.








TRANSIT AND TRANSPORT PACKAGING
Transit packaging that optimises space and strength, using no more material than necessary








ONLINE AND E-COMMERCE PACKAGING
With up to 50 touchpoints in the e-commerce supply cycle it's essential for packaging to promote, protect and contribute at every stage








HEAVY DUTY
Specialising in  heavy duty packaging solutions our team of Industrial Designers develop packs for the most demanding supply chains








CORRUGATED TRAYS
Corrugated trays provide versatile packaging solutions, and with the right print and structural design, they can open up a world of opportunities for product promotion
 





            Get in touch
        








Online and e-commerce Packaging
We have developed simple, practical, quick-to-assemble packaging solutions for the e-commerce, e-retail, after-sales and distribution sectors
Read more about online and e-commerce packaging









Retail and Shelf Ready Packaging
Our Retail and Shelf Ready Packaging has become part of the daily shopping experience across a huge range of products in the retail environments.  
More about Retail and Shelf Ready Packaging









Displays
According to TKM’s 2017 POS Survey, sponsored by Creo, 82% of marketers rank Point of Sale as the most relevant and influential factor in the lead up to a shopper purchasing goods.
Read more





Share this page
This page as PDF







LinkedIn




Facebook




Twitter




Google+





Or via email:

Your Name *

Share to e-mail *

Your message









Add to your PDF basket

View your PDF basket (0)



















 





The Economists: Adam Smith, David Ricardo & Thomas Malthus - Video & Lesson Transcript | Study.com





































for Teachers
for Schools
for Companies



















Login

Sign Up

Menu












for Teachers
for Schools
for Companies


Plans

Courses
Courses



Find Courses by Subject

Science
Math
Business
Psychology
History
English
Social Science
Humanities
Spanish
ACT & SAT Test Prep
Teacher Certification
Professional Development





By Education Level

College
High School
Middle School






Explore over
3,700
video courses

Browse All Courses
										




Credit 
Credit


Credit Options

Online College Credit
High School & GED
Certificates of Completion
How it Works




Earn Transferable Credit & Get your Degree fast

										Learn more 





Degrees
Degrees



Find Degrees by Subject

Agriculture
Architecture
Biological and Biomedical
													Sciences
Business
Communications and Journalism
Computer Sciences
Culinary Arts and Personal
													Services
Education


Engineering
Legal
Liberal Arts and Humanities
Mechanic and Repair Technologies

Medical and Health Professions
Physical Sciences
Psychology
Transportation and Distribution

Visual and Performing Arts





By Level

High School Diploma
Associates Degrees
Bachelor Degrees
Master Degrees
Online Degrees





Find a degree that fits your goals

									Search degrees 





Schools
Schools



Browse Schools by Degree Level

Graduate Degrees
High School Diplomas
Certificate Programs
Post Degree Certificates
Undergraduate Degrees



Browse Schools

Public Schools by State

University Video Reviews





Career Counseling & Job Center

Job Interviewing Tip Videos 
Job Networking Videos
Résumé How To Videos
Job Search Tips
Career Videos



Career Research

Researching Careers Videos
Glossary of Careers
Career Info by Degree
Job Outlook by Region
Degree & Career Research Articles







							Contact Support
						



















Video: The Economists: Adam Smith, David Ricardo & Thomas Malthus


During the 18th and 19th centuries, several major theorists put forth ideas that would influence how governments handled economic matters. This lesson will discuss the major ideas and influential theories of Adam Smith, David Ricardo, and Thomas Malthus.







 History 102: Western Civilization II
                    
                
                
            
        
            
                
                
                     / 
                    
                        History Courses
                    




            
                Course Navigator
            
            
        



Liberalism, Radicalism, and Republicanism in the 1800sNext Lesson 





The Economists: Adam Smith, David Ricardo & Thomas Malthus




                        Chapter 7
                    
                    /

                    
                     Lesson 6
                        


                          Transcript
                        















 Video






Quiz & Worksheet - Adam Smith, David Ricardo & Thomas Malthus
Quiz






Course










Watch short & fun videos

Start Your Free Trial Today














An error occurred trying to load this video.
Try refreshing the page, or contact customer support.





You must create an account to continue watching




Register for a free trial
Are you a student or a teacher?

I
							am a
							student
						
I am a teacher
						



What is your educational goal?







 Back
    


Start Your Free Trial To Continue Watching
As a member, you'll also get unlimited access to over 55,000
						 lessons in math, English, science, history, and more. Plus, get practice tests, quizzes, and personalized coaching to help you
						 succeed.
Free 5-day
								 trial
It only takes a few minutes to set up and you can cancel at any time.
Already registered? Login here for
						 access

 Back
					 










Coming up next:
			Liberalism, Radicalism, and Republicanism in the 1800s
		

You're on a roll. Keep up the good work!


					Take Quiz
				

Watch Next Lesson



 Replay
		






Just checking in. Are you still watching?
Yes! Keep playing. 





	Your next lesson will play in
	10 seconds
	















                        0:08 Introduction


                        0:35 Adam Smith


                        2:07 David Ricardo


                        3:49 Thomas Malthus


                        5:50 Lesson Summary









 Add to
		


 Add to
	

 Add to
	



Want to watch this again later?
Log in or sign up to add this lesson to a Custom Course.
Login or Sign up










Organize and save your favorite lessons with Custom Courses



About
Create
Edit
Share






Custom Courses are courses that you create from Study.com lessons. Use them just like other courses to
							track progress, access quizzes and exams, and share content.
						



Teachers

									Organize and share selected lessons with your class. Make planning easier by creating your own custom course.
								



Students

									Add important lessons to your Custom Course, track your progress, and achieve your study goals faster.
								



Next: Creating a Custom Course




Create a new course from any lesson page or your dashboard.
						



From any lesson page:

									Click "Add to" located below the video player and follow the prompts to name your course and save your lesson.
								



From your dashboard:

									Click on the "Custom Courses" tab, then click "Create course". Next, go to any lesson page and begin
									adding lessons.
								



Next: Editing a Custom Course




Edit your Custom Course directly from your dashboard.
						



Personalize:

									Name your Custom Course and add an optional description or learning objective.
								



Organize:

									Create chapters to group lesson within your course. Remove and reorder chapters and lessons at any time.
								



Next: Sharing a Custom Course




Share your Custom Course or assign lessons and chapters.
						



Teacher Edition:

									Share or assign lessons and chapters by clicking the "Teacher" tab on the lesson or chapter page you want to
									assign.
									Students' quiz scores and video views will be trackable in your "Teacher" tab.
								



Premium Edition:

									You can share your Custom Course by copying and pasting the course URL. Only Study.com members will be able to access the
									entire course.
								



Got it!







 Timeline
		

Autoplay







Autoplay


61K views







					Create an account to start this course today
				
Try it free for 5 days!


							Create An Account





Recommended Lessons and Courses for You


Related Lessons


Related Courses


















Comparing the Theories of Adam Smith & Karl Marx
                            
                        












Marxist vs. Malthusian Theories of Population Growth
                            
                        












Adam Smith's The Wealth of Nations: Summary & Concept
                            
                        












Thomas Malthus' Theory of Human Population Growth
                            
                        














Neoclassical Economics: Definition, Theory & Model
                            
                        












Economist Milton Friedman: Theories & Monetary Policy
                            
                        












The International Monetary Fund (IMF): History & Purpose
                            
                        












Perfect Competition in Economics & Adam Smith's 'Invisible Hand'
                            
                        














Invisible Hand in Economics: Definition & Theory
                            
                        












Great Britain Leads the Industrial Revolution
                            
                        












Malthusian Theory of Population Growth: Definition & Overview
                            
                        












Karl Marx & Friedrich Engels: The Communist Manifesto
                            
                        














What is Economic Growth? - Definition, Theory & Impact
                            
                        












Economic Determinism and Karl Marx: Definition & History
                            
                        












Absolute Advantage in Trade: Definition and Examples
                            
                        












Mastering the Free-Response Essay Question on the AP European History Exam
                            
                        














The British Reform Movement: Social, Political & Economic Reforms
                            
                        












John Stuart Mill: Utilitarianism, Quotes and Theory
                            
                        












Competing Ideologies During the Restoration: Conservatism & Nationalism
                            
                        












Congress of Vienna: Members, Objectives & Results
                            
                        

































History 113: World History II
                            
                        












HiSET Social Studies: Prep and Practice
                            
                        












History 108: History of the Vietnam War
                            
                        












Western Civilization 1648 to the Present: Help and Review
                            
                        














McDougal Littell World History: Online Textbook Help
                            
                        












MTTC Social Studies (Secondary): Practice & Study Guide
                            
                        












CLEP Western Civilization I: Study Guide & Test Prep
                            
                        












NES History: Test Practice & Study Guide
                            
                        














Major Eras in World History Study Guide
                            
                        












Virginia SOL - World History & Geography 1500 to Present: Test Prep & Practice
                            
                        












History of World War 1 Study Guide
                            
                        












Holt World History - Human Legacy: Online Textbook Help
                            
                        














Prentice Hall United States History: Online Textbook Help
                            
                        












History 104: US History II
                            
                        












AP European History: Exam Prep
                            
                        












History 112: World History I
                            
                        














World History: High School
                            
                        












History 107: World Conflicts Since 1900
                            
                        












History 106: The Civil War and Reconstruction
                            
                        












Middle School US History: Help and Review
                            
                        























Lesson Transcript




Instructor: 
Patricia Chappine
Patricia has a master's degree in Holocaust and genocide studies and 27 graduate credits in American history. She will start coursework on her doctoral degree in history this fall. She has taught heritage of the western world I and II and U.S. history I and II at a community college in southern New Jersey for the past two years.





During the 18th and 19th centuries, several major theorists put forth ideas that would influence how governments handled economic matters. This lesson will discuss the major ideas and influential theories of Adam Smith, David Ricardo, and Thomas Malthus.
 IntroductionDuring the 18th and 19th centuries, several major writers began commenting on the economy. These individuals attempted to uncover theories which could be applied to markets in order to promote a better society. Among the most influential theorists of the time were Adam Smith, David Ricardo, and Thomas Malthus. In this lesson, we'll discuss the major theories of these three economists with special attention to how their ideas influenced the field of economics. Adam SmithAdam Smith is known as the father of modern economics. Born in Scotland in 1723, he embarked on an academic career at the age of 15. Educated primarily in European literature, he was awarded a position as chair of logic in 1751 and then chair of moral philosophy the following year at Glasgow University. In 1764, Smith became the tutor of the young Duke of Buccleuch. This career change had lasting effects on Smith's philosophy. While he traveled with the Duke, he visited places like Switzerland and France and became aware of the ideas of thinkers such as Voltaire, Rousseau, Quesnay, and Turgot. Importantly, his employment with the Duke gave him a life-long pension. This granted him the freedom to retire and write his work Theory of Moral Sentiments, which was published in 1759. He continued to write afterwards and produced The Wealth of Nations in 1776. The philosophy he advocated in these works continues to influence economic thought today. According to Smith, people have a capacity for reasonable judgment that is often underestimated and should not allow politicians or philosophers to impose unreasonable government regulations on them. He was an advocate of laissez-faire thinking, which was a policy of minimal government intervention in the economy. According to Smith, free markets allowed the natural laws of supply and demand to function properly. Smith remained a life-long bachelor and died in Scotland in 1790. David RicardoAnother influential economist was David Ricardo. Born in London on April 18, 1772, he was the third of 17 children. At the age of 14, he began working with his father, who was a successful stock broker. Ricardo worked with his father until 1793. During that year, Ricardo married Priscilla Anne Wilkinson, a Quaker. Later, he converted from Judaism to Christianity, a move that greatly angered his parents. This forced Ricardo to leave his father's business and start his own. As a broker, he was able to save money to retire at the age of 42. With his first career over, he looked to politics for his next challenge. Ricardo read Adam Smith's book Wealth of Nations in 1799. He was so intrigued by the concepts in Smith's work that he began studying economics himself. In 1810, he produced his first publication, The High Price of Bullion, a Proof of the Depreciation of Bank Notes, which argued for the use of metallic currency. His methods of analyzing market forces by using deduction and mathematics still influence economics today. He also believed, like Smith, that economies functioned best when they were left alone by governments. Ricardo was an early advocate of free trade. One of his most influential theories was comparative advantage, which was the idea that nations should focus on industries where they could easily compete in the market and only trade with other countries to gain products not available nationally. By this theory, each nation could profit from specializing in certain industries. Ricardo died in 1823 at the age of 51. Thomas MalthusReverend Thomas Malthus was born on February 13, 1766 in England. He has had an enduring effect on economics and even the work of Charles Darwin. In his autobiography, Darwin cited Malthus' Essay on the Principle of Population as inspiration for his theory of natural selection. In this work, Malthus wrote that, man, if left unchecked, was capable of producing far more offspring than the world resources could handle. His conclusion was that if offspring were not regulated, eventually famine would become a global problem. Using these ideas, Darwin came to the conclusion that offspring with certain qualities would be better equipped to survive than others. In 1876 Darwin wrote: 'In October 1838, that is, fifteen months after I had begun my systematic inquiry, I happened to read for amusement Malthus on Population, and being well prepared to appreciate the struggle for existence which everywhere goes on from long- continued observation of the habits of animals and plants, it at once struck me that under these circumstances favorable variations would tend to be preserved, and unfavorable ones to be destroyed.' 




×

Unlock Content
Over 55,000 lessons in all major subjects
Get FREE access for 5 days, just create an account.
Start a FREE trial
No obligation, cancel anytime.


Want to learn more?
Select a subject to preview related courses:

Math
History
English
ACT/SAT
Science
Business
Psychology
AP






Malthus continued to influence economics with his theory of wages, which stated that earnings would drop to the minimum amount necessary to maintain a worker's basic needs because high wages would cause a spike in population. His premise that population growth would cause worldwide starvation became known as the 'Malthusian catastrophe.' His views became controversial because they opposed the popular 18th century attitude that European society could improve and move towards perfection. His population fears were based on the technology of his day. However, increases in food production, changes in storage, and industrial technology all helped to support a growing world population without the mass famine predicted by Malthus. He died on December 23rd, 1834. Lesson SummaryAs economists writing in the 18th and 19th centuries, Adam Smith, David Ricardo, and Thomas Malthus wrote about theories which would continue to influence economic theory in modern times. Among the ideas advocated by Adam Smith was a policy of minimal government intervention in economic matters, or laissez-faire thinking. Smith was also a staunch supporter of free markets, which allowed the natural laws of supply and demand to function properly. Smith became an influence for David Ricardo, who read his work Wealth of Nations before embarking on his own economic studies. Ricardo was also a proponent of laissez-faire economics. One of his most enduring legacies was his support of utilizing metallic money to replace paper bank notes. Thomas Malthus was most noted for his assertion that the world's population needed to be regulated. He believed that since the world contained limited resources, continued population growth would ultimately lead to global starvation. While this theory has been seen as unfounded, his focus on population studies helped pave the way for modern studies. In their own ways, these economists paved the way for modern studies of free markets, population, government regulations, and currency.
 




			To unlock this lesson you must be a Study.com Member.
			
Create
						your account







Register for a free trial
Are you a student or a teacher?

I
							am a
							student
						
I am a teacher
						



What is your educational goal?







 Back
    


Unlock Your Education
See for yourself why 10 million people use Study.com
Become a Study.com member and start learning now.
Become a Member
Already a member? Log
						 In

 Back
					 










Description





Summary:




                        Visit the History 102: Western Civilization II page to learn more.
                    




Earning Credit



Earning College Credit
Did you know… We have over 95 college
                    courses that prepare you to earn
                    credit by exam that is accepted by over 2,000 colleges and universities. You can test out of the
                    first two years of college and save thousands off your degree. Anyone can earn
                    credit-by-exam regardless of age or education level.
To learn more, visit our Earning Credit Page

Transferring credit to the school of your choice
Not sure what college you want to attend yet? Study.com has thousands of articles about every
                        imaginable degree, area of
                        study
                        and career path that can help you find the school that's right for you.

Research Schools, Degrees & Careers
Get the unbiased info you need to find the right school.


Browse Articles By Category
Browse an area of study or degree level.

Area of Study

Agriculture
Architecture
Biological and Biomedical Sciences
Business
Communications and Journalism
Computer Sciences
Culinary Arts and Personal Services
Education
Engineering
Legal
Liberal Arts and Humanities
Mechanic and Repair Technologies
Medical and Health Professions
Physical Sciences
Psychology
Transportation and Distribution
Visual and Performing Arts



Degree Level

High School Diploma
Associates Degrees
Bachelor Degrees
Master Degrees
Online Degrees




Recommended Articles

Related
Recently Updated
Popular







Economists: Job Description & Career Requirements




Agricultural Economist: Job Description, Duties and Salary




Top Business PhD Programs: School List




Social Policy Analyst: Job Description, Salary and Outlook




White House's Changes to Student Loans: What They Mean to You




Consumer Economics Degree Program Summaries




Online International Economics Degree Program Information




Online Economics Degree Program Overviews by Level




STEM Education Not Necessarily Linked to Economic Growth




A Global Crisis: New Report Looks at the Effects of the Economic Recession on European Universities






How to Become an X-Ray Medical Technician: Step-by-Step Career Guide
Aviation Jobs that Pay Well
Marketing Director Vs Creative Director





						How to Become a Cargo Agent Education and Career Roadmap
					

						Certified Public Accountant
					

						IT Jobs for People Without a Degree
					

						Become an Electric Meter Technician Education and Career Roadmap
					

						Lisle, Illinois (IL) Colleges
					















You are viewing lesson
Lesson
	6 in chapter 7 of the course:



×


 Back To Course

                History 102: Western Civilization II
            

16 chapters |
                122 lessons
                
                    | 11
                        flashcard sets








										  
											  Ch 1. Introduction to Western Civilization...
									  




Go to 

													Introduction to Western Civilization II
												







										  
											  Ch 2. Absolutism and Constitutionalism in...
									  




Go to 

													Absolutism and Constitutionalism in Western Europe (1648-1715)
												







										  
											  Ch 3. Power Shifts in Eastern Europe...
									  




Go to 

													Power Shifts in Eastern Europe (1648-1740)
												







										  
											  Ch 4. Empire and Expansion in the 18th...
									  




Go to 

													Empire and Expansion in the 18th Century (1700-1799)
												







										  
											  Ch 5. The Scientific Revolution & the...
									  




Go to 

													The Scientific Revolution & the Enlightenment (1500-1790)
												







										  
											  Ch 6. The French Revolution and Napoleon...
									  




Go to 

													The French Revolution and Napoleon Bonaparte (1780-1815)
												







				
					Ch 7. Industrialization (1700-1900)
				
			





The Agricultural Revolution: Timeline, Causes, Inventions & Effects


                                










6:18
                            



Causes of the First Industrial Revolution: Examples & Summary


                                










6:55
                            



Inventions of the Industrial Revolution: Examples & Summary


                                










5:34
                            



Urbanization & Other Effects of the Industrial Revolution: Social & Economic Impacts


                                










6:56
                            



The British Reform Movement: Social, Political & Economic Reforms


                                










6:32
                            



                            The Economists: Adam Smith, David Ricardo & Thomas Malthus
                        

                                










7:10
                            



Go to 

						 Industrialization (1700-1900)
					 







										  
											  Ch 8. Political Developments...
									  




Go to 

													Political Developments (1760-1848)
												







										  
											  Ch 9. The Age of Nationalism...
									  




Go to 

													The Age of Nationalism (1850-1914)
												







										  
											  Ch 10. European Life and Trends...
									  




Go to 

													European Life and Trends (1850-1914)
												







										  
											  Ch 11. Imperialism in the 19th and 20th...
									  




Go to 

													Imperialism in the 19th and 20th Centuries
												







										  
											  Ch 12. World War I (1914-1919)
										  
									  




Go to 

													World War I (1914-1919)
												







										  
											  Ch 13. Between the World Wars...
									  




Go to 

													Between the World Wars (1919-1939)
												







										  
											  Ch 14. World War II (1939-1945)
										  
									  




Go to 

													World War II (1939-1945)
												







										  
											  Ch 15. Western Civilization Since...
									  




Go to 

													Western Civilization Since 1945
												







										  
											  Ch 16. Studying for History 102
										  
									  




Go to 

													Studying for History 102
												









The Economists: Adam Smith, David Ricardo & Thomas Malthus Related Study Materials

Related
Recently Updated

Popular






Browse by Courses
History Courses
History of Western Civilization Courses
Transferable Credit Courses
Certificates Courses
Study Courses
CLEP Western Civilization I: Study Guide & Test Prep
High School World History: Help and Review
High School World History: Homework Help Resource
SAT Subject Test World History: Practice and Study Guide
History 106: The Civil War and Reconstruction
Praxis Social Studies: Practice and Study Guide
Western Civilization I: Help and Review
US History: Middle School
History 109: Western Europe Since 1945
NY Regents Exam - US History and Government: Test Prep & Practice
AP US History: Exam Prep
AP World History: Exam Prep
AP European History: Exam Prep






Browse by Lessons
Plymouth Rock: History & Overview
Spanish Moors in American History
The Lost Colony of Roanoke: Mystery, Theories & History
The Pilgrims: Definition, Plymouth & Overview
Virginia Dare: Facts & History
Quiz & Worksheet - Virtual Representation
Quiz & Worksheet - Period of Salutary Neglect
Quiz & Worksheet - Virginia Company
Quiz & Worksheet - Anne Hutchinson's Trial
Quiz & Worksheet - Stamp Act of 1765
Jacksonian Democracy (1825 -- 1850): Homework Help
Life in Antebellum America (1807-1861): Homework Help
Manifest Destiny (1806-1855): Homework Help
Sectional Crisis (1850-1861): Homework Help
American Civil War (1861-1865): Homework Help









Latest Courses
Pharmacology & Pain Treatment
Pharmacology & Mental Health
Pharmacology & Cardiovascular Health
PLACE Special Education Generalist: Practice & Study Guide
MTTC Physical & Other Health Impairments: Practice & Study Guide
Effects of Impairments on Development & Learning
IEP Teams & Meetings
Basics of the Individualized Instruction Plan (IEP)
Medications for Colds & Coughs
Alternative Medicine for Pain Treatment
Teacher Retirement System of Texas Withdrawal
New York State Science Standards
Third Grade New York State Science Standards
Wisconsin State Teaching Standards
New York State Science Standards for Grade 4
Arizona English Language Proficiency Standards
Arizona English Language Proficiency Standards & Levels






Latest Lessons
How Call Center Technology Increases Customer Satisfaction
Measuring Emotional Intelligence: Tools & Benefits
Customer Lifetime Value (CLV): Definition, Calculation & Uses
How to Delight Customers: Principle & Examples
Short Stories about Heaven for Kids
Secure, Safe & Orderly Schools: Definition & Characteristics
The Armadillo from Amarillo Lesson Plan
Bromothymol Blue: Preparation & Safety
Quiz & Worksheet - Emotional Intelligence & Business Success
Quiz & Worksheet - Real Estate Specialization
Quiz & Worksheet - Transferring Knowledge at Work
Quiz & Worksheet - Legal & Ethical Concerns in Decision Making
Quiz & Worksheet - Pitfalls of Employee Recognition Programs
Hypothesis Testing in Statistics Flashcards
Summarizing Data Flashcards









Popular Courses
Holt McDougal Biology: Online Textbook Help
NY Regents Exam - Global History and Geography: Help and Review
GRE Biology Study Guide & Test Prep
Holt McDougal Earth Science: Online Textbook Help
Algebra I Textbook
8th Grade Math: Introduction to Geometric Figures
MTEL Physics: Fluid Mechanics
Quiz & Worksheet - Safety Devices for Nurses
Quiz & Worksheet - Patient Education Functions
Quiz & Worksheet - Test-Day Preparation for Standardized Exams
Quiz & Worksheet - Process of Measuring of an Arc
Quiz & Worksheet - Flatulence






Popular Lessons
Techniques & Agents Used to Control Pain
Nursing Mnemonics
Science Writing Prompts
Compare and Contrast Lesson Plan
How to Prep for the NYS English Regents Exam
What is the STAR Reading Test?
What is On the MCAT?
TExES School Counselor Exam Dates
NYSTCE Exam Registration Information
High School Diploma Online Courses
NYS Regents Exam Schedule
How to Read TABE Test Scores












					Create an account to start this course today
				
Try it free for 5 days!


							Create An Account









Like this lesson



Share




Explore our library of over 55,000 lessons


Search










Browse

Browse by subject


College Courses

Business
English
Foreign Language
History
Humanities
Math
Science
Social Science
See All College Courses



High School Courses

AP
Common Core
GED

High School
See All High School Courses



Other Courses

College & Career Guidance Courses
College Placement Exams
Entrance Exams
General Test Prep
K-8 Courses
Skills Courses
Teacher Certification Exams
See All Other Courses















Upgrade to enroll
×


Upgrade to Premium to enroll in History 102: Western Civilization II
Enrolling in a course lets you earn progress by passing quizzes and exams.




Track course progress




Take quizzes and exams




Earn certificates of completion



			You will also be able to:
			
Create a Study Trainer
Create custom courses
Get your questions answered




Upgrade to Premium to add all these features to your account!

			Upgrade Now
		
Upgrade to Premium to add all these features to your account!











×
Start your FREE trial. No obligation; cancel anytime.





What best describes you?

Choose one
Teacher
Parent
Student
Tutor



Wait! Who are you?


Continue






What's your main goal?

Choose a goal
Earn college credit
Study for class
Research colleges
Prepare for an exam
Improve my grades
Other


Choose a goal
Supplementing my in-classroom material
Flipping my classroom
Engaging my students
Explaining difficult topics in the classroom
Assigning Homework
Other


Choose a goal
Helping my child with a difficult subject
Personal review to better assist my child
Improving my child's grades
My child is studying for a credit granting exam
Just for fun
Other


Choose a goal
Learn something new
Keep my mind sharp
Prepare to go back to school
Get ahead at work
Other



Your goal is required


Continue

											back
										




Email



        Email is required
    

        You'll use this email to log in.
    

        Email is not a valid email
    

        Email already in use. Already a member?
        Log In instead.
    



											Continue
										

											back
										







Recommended
Teacher Edition


Assign Lessons to Students
Show Videos in Your Classroom
K-12 Subjects Common Core Aligned
Access to Instructors
Create Custom Courses



$59.99 / mo
Start Free Trial
													





See all other plans






Recommended
Basic Edition


Unlimited access to all video lessons
Lesson Transcripts
Tech support



$39.99 / mo
Start Free Trial
				






				{{showMostPopularOnPremium ? 'Most Popular' : 'Recommended'}}
				
			
Premium Edition

Everything in our Basic Edition plus…

Practice quizzes & tests
Tools for tracking progress
Personalized coaching
Access to instructors
Certificates of Completion
Create Custom Courses



$59.99 / mo
Start Free Trial
				





Recommended
College Accelerator

Everything in our Premium Edition plus…

Earn college credit
Take two exams per month
Finish official exams remotely
Learn more



$199.99 / mo
Start Free Trial
				







														See the Teacher's Edition.





															See all other plans






										back
									







Your selected plan:

{{cart.product.displayName}}

You are joining:

{{cart.product.institutionName}}




{{ cart.coupon.trialDays ? cart.coupon.trialDays : cart.product.defaultTrialDays }}-day free trial
$0.00
due today




							 
							 
								 Starting {{endTrialDate.format('MMM D, YYYY')}}

Original Price


						{{(cart.product.remspectPriceCents/100)|currency}}
					
/{{cart.product.billingIntervalType == 'YEAR' ? 'yr' : 'mo'}}


Discount
For
							{{cart.coupon.durationInMonths}} months
						


- {{ cart.coupon.percentOff }}%
- {{ (cart.coupon.amountOffCents / 100) | currency }}

/{{cart.product.billingIntervalType == 'YEAR' ? 'yr' : 'mo'}}




							 Price after trial 
Starting {{endTrialDate.format('MMM D, YYYY')}}

Price starting today

{{cart.coupon.discountPriceStringDollars}}
					
/{{cart.product.billingIntervalType == 'YEAR' ? 'yr' : 'mo'}}



Cancel before {{endTrialDate.format('MMM D, YYYY')}} and your credit
					card will not be charged.
				



Your Cart is Empty. Please Choose a Product.




Study.com video lessons have helped over 10 million students.


Students Love Study.com
"I learned more in 10 minutes than 1 month of chemistry classes"
- Ashlee P.


Earn College Credit
"I aced the CLEP exam and earned 3 college credits!"
- Clair S.




Study.com video lessons have helped over half a million teachers engage their students.


Teachers Love Study.com
The videos have changed the way I teach! The videos on Study.com accomplish in
								 5 minutes what would take me an entire class."
- Chris F.


Did you know...
Students in online learning conditions performed better than those receiving face-to-face
								 instruction. 
U.S. Department of Education



















        Support
    



 






David Smith's profile on Product Hunt




























Product HuntThe best new products, every dayAsk●|Log InSign up David Smith#944296@david_smith7290Following140FollowersFollow4 UpvotesInkCase i7 PlusDual screen For iPhone 7 Plus E Ink smart casePhone Cases+ 1 save 125 6InkCase for iPhone 7Add a second screen to the back of your iPhoneArtificial Intell...+ 4 save 292 21LearnToProgram MagazineThe Digital Magazine for New Web, Mobile and Game DevelopersiPhone+ 6 save 49 0Reolink Argus100% Wire Free Weatherproof 1080p HD Security CameraHome+ 3 save 59 0Share this profile










Wholesale Pharmacy Products and Supplies | H. D. Smith
























Cancel
Search







Member Portal
search

About Us
News & Events
Careers
Contact Us
















Menu
search


















close
Search











HomeFor InstitutionsProducts








Products

Healthcare presents a rapidly changing environment, presenting daily opportunities and challenges. H. D. Smith proactively researches, anticipates and adjusts for new trends in the industry, ensuring you are well positioned to meet the needs of your patients. 

Prescription Products
Specialty 
Home Healthcare
Consumer Products 
Pharmacy Supplies



Prescription Products
Access competitively priced generic injectable products through H. D. Smith’s institutional reserve contract, PharmaRxeach. 
When supply issues exist with your GPO’s primary product, PharmaRxeach may have an alternate product available, thereby helping you care for your patient’s needs.

With a consistent product stream, we can help you effectively serve patients without ordering excessive inventory.

First-to-market and anticipated brand and generic launches
Generic exclusivity expirations
Market disruption alerts
Manufacturer recalls and backorders



Specialty 
H. D. Smith supplies the specialty medications needed to care for chronic and acute illnesses.
Keeping you on the cutting edge of market developments, H. D. Smith supplies the specialty medications needed to care for chronic and acute illnesses. Specialty pharmacy is a rapidly growing opportunity, for which your local H. D. Smith distribution center and our subsidiary, Smith Medical Partners, are well-equipped. We are capable of supplying complex treatment regimens to cover a full range of disease states.

Specialty solutions to help you care for your community:
Customized delivery and shipping
Product warehousing and logistics
Customer screening and registry
Cold chain distribution

Specialty Services
Exceptional customer service extends beyond delivering accurate and timely orders. Our historical presence in plasma derivatives, biologics, oncology, vaccines and other specialty products has enabled us to develop account teams that are true experts in their market segments. We understand industry trends and work proactively with you to address new product introductions, backorders and other supply developments.

Balancing vaccine supply and demand in a fluctuating market consumes valuable time and resources. We proudly carry a wide range of vaccines at competitive prices, allowing you to provide these vital services conveniently and cost effectively.
Specific to the women’s health market, we offer a wide range of family planning products, including competitive pricing on oral and injectable generic antibiotics and contraceptives, fertility treatments, pediatric and adult Hepatitis A, Hepatitis B and HPV vaccines.
We distribute a complete line of blood and plasma-derived products, including coagulation factors and immunoglobulins. Maintaining accurate inventory levels of these products is challenging and expensive. Leverage our next day shipping capabilities to reduce on-hand inventory expenses.
H. D. Smith provides a comprehensive solution to your oncology needs. Regardless of facility size, H. D. Smith’s full line of products supports oncology needs with a personalized approach and competitive pricing.
Let us help you improve access to affordable medications through our 340B-eligible product line. Products include contraceptives, vaccines, nicotine replacement therapy, diabetic products, antibiotics and injectables.

Inventory
Our resource network has inventory readily available to help you fill prescriptions for the following specialties:



Dermatology
Ophthalmology
Rheumatology


Gastroenterology
Orthopedics
Urology


Neurology
Primary Care & Internal Medicine
And more!


OB-GYN
Surgery
 



 
Smith Medical Partners 
 
 With a relentless passion for quality patient care, Smith Medical Partners provides lifesaving pharmaceuticals and industry experience. A subsidiary of H. D. Smith, focused on specialty pharmaceutical distribution and services, Smith Medical Partners is equipped to supply a full range of practices with both broad and limited specialty products.
 
Visit smpspecialty.com or call 800.292.9653 to learn more.


Home Healthcare
With one of the largest wholesale home healthcare teams in the industry, H. D. Smith’s sales and customer service associates are committed to offering resources that benefit your business.
Home healthcare is a fast-growing segment of the healthcare industry. H. D. Smith continually monitors the industry to find ways to set its customers apart. Through our online ordering system, competitive pricing and dedicated customer service department, H. D. Smith strives to simplify your ordering process.

Extensive product availability
Dedicated service and support
User-friendly ordering system
Competitive pricing and monthly specials
Merchandising and business resources

Monthly Home Healthcare Flier
Stock up each month on new, fast-moving durable medical equipment and home healthcare products at significant savings. Through partnerships with leading home healthcare manufacturers, H. D. Smith offers fast-moving products at a substantial discount and communicates these deals monthly, through an online and print specials flier.
Diabetic Solutions
About 40 percent of Americans are currently suffering from diabetes, making it a critical niche in the healthcare market. Partnering with H. D. Smith gives your patients access to special discounts and a comprehensive diabetes-related product listing.
Nutritional Needs
H. D. Smith provides one of the industry’s strongest offerings of vitamin and nutritional supplies. Through partnerships with Abbott Nutrition and Nestlé, H. D. Smith can provide a full line of quality nutritional products.
Incontinence Partners
Gain access to leading manufacturer-allocated contracts including Covidien, Kimberly-Clark, First Quality and Surgical Care Associates through H. D. Smith. These contracts are competitively priced for national and regional programs.


Consumer Products 
H. D. Smith offers a complete line of consumer products at competitive prices, enabling institutions to access practical products for both in-facility use and retail sales.

New item alerts
Affordable “generic” OTC product line
Frequent sales on fast moving items
Retail tools: pricing, planograms and merchandising

Generic OTC Product Line
H. D. Smith's controlled label product line, GoodSense, encompasses over 500 top-selling over the counter products in over 15 categories. GoodSense provides a low-cost solution for supplies for in-facility use. The product line is also effective in retail settings, as the average retail price is an average of 30% less than the national brand equivalents, meeting the needs of an increasingly cost conscious market.
Monthly and Seasonal Specials
Above and beyond our everyday low prices, H. D. Smith also provides special purchase opportunities on fast moving and seasonal-appropriate products.  Featured products are included in a monthly flier, which is distributed via print and is available to view on our Member Portal homepage. 


Pharmacy Supplies
Save time and money by ordering essential pharmacy supplies from H. D. Smith.
We offer a complete line of products and materials to support a hospital’s pharmacy. Ordering is easy and convenient, as these products can be combined with your regular orders. We stock both value-priced, as well as premium lines of prescription containers for every budget and need.

Prescription containers and accessories
Pharmacy bags
Punch-card packaging
Prescription labels
Tape, accessories and more












Products
Distribution Services
Technology
GPO Partnerships







Meet Our Leadership
Our leaders' values and experience are part of what set us apart. Meet our leadership team. 






Local Service. National Reach.
We're strategically positioned to help you care for your community. Learn about our locations. 












Become a Customer
Get Started





















David Charles Smith - New Market, VA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found David Charles Smith in New Market, VA


David Charles Smith

                                                                           Intelius found that David Charles Smith  is  a male between 60 and 70 years old from New Market, VA.  We have connected them to
                10 addresses,
                5 phones,
                and 7 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

David D Smith


Get Report Now

Age

David Charles Smith is in his 60s

David Has Lived In

New Market, VA
South Lancaster, MA
Keene, TX

David's Relatives

Margaret Smith
Christy Smith
Jeanette Iverson
Charles Smith







David Charles Smith



Zodiac SignGemini



GenderMale



Professional Status
Owner at David Smith



Get Report Now










Want to know more about David? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about David, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on David Charles Smith
Get a Criminal Check on David Charles Smith
Get a Public Record Report on David Charles Smith
Get a People Search Report on David Charles Smith


David Charles Smith's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where David Charles Smith has lived as well as David Charles Smith's phone numbers and email addresses.




David Charles Smith Has Lived in 4 States
Virginia Address for David Charles Smith


9416 S********* D* 

New Market, VA


Has Lived In

New Market, VA
South Lancaster, MA


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with David Charles Smith

(540) ***-**** - New Market, VA 
(301) ***-**** - Hyattsville, MD 
(540) ***-**** - New Market, VA 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with David Charles Smith

d*****h@***.net


Get Email Report




David Charles Smith's Professional Information
Information regarding David Charles Smith's professional history.  Find out previous places David Charles Smith has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


David Charles Smith Has Worked at 1 Place
Company: David Smith
               Title: Owner
David Charles Smith's Experience
Title: Owner
               Company: David Smith
Job Details
               Company Size: Less than $1 mil - Employee Range: Less than 25
Additional Professional Information on David Charles Smith

 See David Charles Smith's LinkedIn Profile



David Charles Smith's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for David Charles Smith


David Charles Smith's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of David Charles Smith's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
David Smith
Username Matches

                  DavidSmith
                  SmithDavid
                  David.Smith
                  Smith.David
                  David_Smith
                  Smith_David
                  David-Smith
                  Smith-David
                  DSmith
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
D Smith







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.













Global Environment Ch 5 Flashcards | Quizlet






         









 

SearchCreateLog inSign upLog inSign up
AdvertisementUpgrade to remove ads136 termshayden_kleiGlobal Environment Ch 5STUDYPLAYMercantilism, as advocated in the 16th and 17th centuries, believed that countries should simultaneously encourage both imports and exports.FALSELargely discredited and primitive, mercantilism still influences the trade policies of many countries.TRUEFree trade refers to a situation where a government, through quotas or duties, attempts to influence what its citizens can buy from another country, or what they can produce and sell to another country.FALSEDavid Ricardo's theory of comparative advantage was the first to explain why unrestricted free trade is beneficial to a countryFALSE ADAM SMITH ABSOLUTE ADVANTAGEAccording to Adam Smith, market mechanism, rather than government policy, should determine a country's imports and exportsTRUEThe theories of Smith, Ricardo, and Heckscher-Ohlin failed to identify the specific benefits of international tradeFALSESmith, Ricardo, and Heckscher-Ohlin suggest that a country's economy would gain only if its citizens buy products that are made in that countryFALSELimits on imports are often in the interests of domestic consumers, but not domestic producers.FALSEDuring the 1980s, economists such as Paul Krugman developed what has come to be known as the new trade theoryTRUEThe first theory of international trade that emerged in England asserted that gold and silver were the mainstays of national wealth and essential to vigorous commerce.TRUEThe main tenet of mercantilism was that it was in a country's best interests to maintain a trade surplusTRUEZero-sum game refers to a situation in which an economic gain by one country results in an economic loss by anotherTRUEIf a country is more efficient than any other country in the production of a product, it has what is known as relative advantage in the production of that productFALSE (ABSOLUTE ADVANTAGE)In his book, "The Wealth of Nations," Adam Smith supported the mercantilist assumption that trade is a zero-sum game.FALSEAccording to Adam Smith, countries should specialize in the production of goods for which they have an absolute advantage and then trade these for goods produced by other countries.TRUERicardo's theory of comparative advantage says that it is logical for a country to specialize in the production of goods that it produces most efficiently and to export goods that it produces less efficientlyFALSEThe basic message of the theory of comparative advantage is that potential world production is greater with unrestricted free trade than it is with restricted trade.TRUEAdvocates of free trade rely on Ricardo's theory of comparative advantage as a major intellectual weaponTRUEPaul Samuelson argued that contrary to the standard interpretation, in certain circumstances, the theory of comparative advantage predicts that a rich country might actually be worse off by switching to a free trade regime with a poor countryTRUEEmbracing a free trade regime for an advanced economy often implies that the country will produce less of some labor-intensive goods and more of some knowledge-intensive goodsTRUEThe simplistic model of the comparative advantage theory used in the text assumes that trade changes a country's stock of resources and the efficiency with which it utilizes those resourcesFALSERicardo's theory leads us to expect that despite the short-term adjustment costs associated with adopting a free trade regime, trade would seem to produce a greater economic growth and higher living standards in the long run.TRUEFactor endowments refer to the extent to which free trade impacts the national wealth of a countryFALSEWhen the impact of differences of technology on productivity is controlled for, Heckscher-Ohlin theory gains predictive powerTRUEMost economists prefer Ricardo's theory to the Heckscher-Ohlin theory because it makes fewer simplifying assumptionsFALSERaymond Vernon's theory of the product life-cycle was based on the observation that for most of the 20th century, a very large proportion of the world's new products were developed by foreign nations and sold first in the U.S. marketFALSEAccording to the product life cycle theory, as demand for a product starts to grow in other advanced countries, potential for exports from the U.S. will gradually be limitedTRUEViewed from an Asian or European perspective, Vernon's argument that most new products are developed and introduced in the United States seems ethnocentricTRUEThe new trade theory began to emerge in the 1970s when a number of economists pointed out that the ability of firms to attain economies of scale might have important implications for international tradeTRUEThe new trade theory suggests that a country may predominate in the export of a good simply because it was lucky enough to have one or more pioneering firms to produce that good.TRUEPorter argues that an absence of domestic rivalry is vital to the creation and persistence of international competitive advantage in an industryFALSEAccording to Porter, both advanced factors and basic factors are equally significant for competitive advantageFALSEAccording to Michael Porter, factor endowments can be affected by subsidies, policies toward capital markets, and policies toward educationTRUEThe individual firm should invest substantial financial resources in trying to build a first-mover advantage, even if that means several years of losses before a new venture becomes profitable.TRUEAccording to Porter's theory of national competitive advantage, a firm should invest in upgrading advanced factors of production because it is in the best interest of business for a firm to do soTRUEWhich of the following is best identified as the absence of government-imposed barriers to the free flow of goods and services between countries? A. Free tradeB. MercantilismC. SocialismD. Absolute advantageADavid Ricardo advanced the: A. new trade theory.B. product life-cycle theory.C. comparative advantage theory.D. absolute advantage theory.CDavid Ricardo's theory of comparative advantage attempts to rationalize why some countries export automobiles, consumer electronics, and machine tools, while other countries export chemicals, watches, and jewelry. This rationalization is best explained in terms of: A. absolute advantage with reference to natural resources.B. international differences in labor productivity.C. the proportions in which the factors of production are available.D. the cultural histories of the exporting nations.BClimate and natural resource endowments explain all of the following happening, EXCEPT: A. Brazil exporting coffee.B. Switzerland exporting watches.C. China exporting crawfish.D. Saudi Arabia exporting oil.BThe argument for _____ is that both import controls and export incentives are self-defeating and result in wasted resources. A. protectionismB. subsidiesC. mercantilismD. unrestricted free tradeDPropagated in the 16th and 17th centuries, _____ advocated that countries should simultaneously encourage exports and discourage imports. A. ethnocentrismB. capitalismC. collectivismD. mercantilismDWhich of the following statements most accurately captures the main tenet of mercantilism? A. It is in a country's best interests to not export products to less developed countries.B. It is in a country's best interests to import products even if they are most efficiently produced at home.C. It is in a country's best interests to import less specialized goods than to attempt to make them at home.D. It is in a country's best interests to maintain a trade surplus.DConsidered to be the first theory of international trade, the principal assertion of _____ was that gold and silver were the mainstays of national wealth and essential to vigorous commerce. A. collectivismB. mercantilismC. capitalismD. open market systemBWhich of the following is NOT consistent with the central beliefs of mercantilism? A. Government should intervene to achieve a surplus in the balance of trade.B. Policies should be put in place to minimize exports and maximize imports.C. Imports should be limited by tariffs and quotas.D. Exports should be subsidized.BMercantilists saw no virtue in _____. A. a large volume of tradeB. protectionismC. tariffs and quotasD. subsidizing exportsAAn inconsistency in the mercantilist doctrine, as pointed out by David Hume, is that: A. it indirectly helped increase volume of a country's imports.B. it presented a crude case for exclusion of government in matters pertaining to exports and imports.C. no country could sustain a surplus on the balance of trade.D. it was not backed by either sound political principles or social ideologies.CThe flaw with mercantilism was that it viewed trade as a: A. zero-sum game.B. mutually beneficial activity.C. positive-sum game.D. threat to a nation's sovereignty.AA situation in which gains by all parties can be achieved is called a: A. level playing field.B. zero-sum game.C. positive-sum game.D. trade surplus.CNeo-mercantilists equate _____ with economic power and economic power with _____. A. international trade; corruptionB. political power; balance-of-trade surplusC. imports; regional dominanceD. absolute advantage; trade monopolyBA country intentionally keeps its currency value low against the currency of another in order to sell more goods to the latter. This can be viewed as a(n) _____ policy. A. inflationistB. totalitarianC. neo-mercantilistD. capitalistCWhich of the following theories of international trade was advanced by Adam Smith? A. Theory of absolute advantageB. Theory of comparative advantageC. New trade theoryD. Product life-cycle theoryAA country is said to have a(n) _____ in the production of a product when it is more efficient than any other country in producing that product. A. comparative advantageB. relative advantageC. consumer advantageD. absolute advantageDAccording to Smith, countries should specialize in the production of goods for which they have an absolute advantage and then: A. retain these goods for strict domestic sales.B. trade these goods for goods produced by other countries.C. sell these goods to maintain a trade surplus.D. prohibit the import of these goods from other countries.BThe different combinations of goods that a country, say Ghana, could produce are represented by the line GG' in Figure 5.1. This is referred to as Ghana's _____. A. production possibility frontierB. hypothetical trade barrierC. import-export differentiatorD. resource conversion indicatorAAccording to Adam Smith's theory of absolute advantage, a country that has an absolute advantage in the production of all goods: A. enjoys the greatest benefits of international trade.B. might go on to become the dominant country in the production of those goods.C. will grow to be the biggest economic power.D. might derive no benefits from international trade.DIn his 1817 book entitled "Principles of Political Economy," _____ introduced the theory of comparative advantage. A. Adam SmithB. David RicardoC. Raymond VernonD. Max WeberBCountry "A" specializes in producing beef more efficiently than any other country. It buys wheat, which it produces less efficiently than beef, from country "B," even though it produces wheat more efficiently itself. This situation is referred to as: A. comprehensive advantage.B. first advantage.C. comparative advantage.D. absolute advantage.CTo an even greater degree than the theory of absolute advantage, _____ suggests that trade is a positive-sum game in which all participating countries fetch economic gains. A. the Heckscher-Ohlin theoryB. mercantilismC. the theory of comparative advantageD. Leontief's paradoxC_____ theory suggests that consumers in all nations can consume more if there are no restrictions on trade. A. Porter'sB. Vernon'sC. Samuelson'sD. Ricardo'sDWhich of the following is one of the unrealistic assumptions that the simple Ricardian model of comparative advantage used in the text is based on? A. There are many countries and many more goods in the world.B. Each country has a fixed stock of resources.C. Free trade changes the efficiency with which a country uses its resources.D. Differences in the prices of resources in different countries exist.BThe simple model of comparative advantage used in the text is based on assuming away: A. the effects of trade on income distribution within a country.B. constant returns to scale.C. that all resources can move freely from the production of one good to another.D. that free trade does not change the efficiency with which the countries use their resources.A_____ argued that contrary to the standard interpretation, in certain circumstances, the theory of comparative advantage predicts that a rich country might actually be worse off by switching to a free trade regime with a poor nation. A. Raymond VernonB. Andrew WarnerC. Paul SamuelsonD. Jeffery SachsCIn comparative advantage, the assumption is that resources can move freely from production of one good to another. Why is this assumption unrealistic? A. The process of shifting resources from one good to another eliminates human suffering.B. The benefit of free trade is much lesser compared to the cost of shifting resources.C. The process of moving resources causes friction and human suffering.D. There are regulations that prohibit such movement.CThe units of resources required to produce a good are assumed to remain unchanged no matter where one is on a country's production possibility frontier. This is known as: A. zero-sum game.B. positive-sum game.C. constant returns to specialization.D. diminishing returns to specialization.CDiminishing returns to specialization occurs when: A. natural resources begin to run out owing to pollution.B. more units of resources are required to produce each additional unit.C. the cost of producing goods reduces substantially with increase in number of goods produced.D. the quality of resources comes down as a result of producing more goods.BIt is more realistic to assume diminishing returns to specialization when evaluating the theory of comparative advantage. This is because: A. there exist differences in the prices of resources in different countries.B. resources can move freely from the production of one good to another within a country.C. not all resources are of the same quality.D. different goods use resources in the same proportions.CThe comparative advantage theory is considered to have ignored which of the following statements? A. Constant returns to specialization implies a concave Production Possibility Frontier.B. Constant returns to specialization suggests that the gains from specialization are likely to be exhausted before specialization is complete.C. It is feasible for a country to specialize to a point where the resulting gains from trade are outweighed by diminishing returns.D. Different goods use different resources in different proportions.DDynamic gains in both the stock of a country's resources and the efficiency with which resources are utilized will: A. cause the country's PPF to be in a bell-shaped curve.B. enable the country to produce more goods than it did before the introduction of free trade.C. cause a country's PPF to shift inward.D. enable the country to achieve constant returns to specializationBWhat was Samuelson's criticism of free trade? A. He argued that dynamic gains lead to a universally beneficial outcome for all countries.B. He argued that offshoring service jobs that were traditionally mobile will increase the market clearing wage rate.C. He argued that free trade has historically been beneficial only to third world countries.D. A rich country importing cheap goods from a poor country may not make up for the wage losses in the rich country.DAccording to Samuelson, the ability to offshore service jobs that traditionally were not internationally mobile, coupled with rapid advances in communications technology and the productivity of foreign labor due to better education have an effect on middle-class wages in the United States that can be similar to: A. mass inward migration into the United States.B. improvement in the standard of living in the United States.C. better employability of United States labor.D. a substantial hike in the market clearing wage rateAOne of the rebuttals of Samuelson's critique of the free trade model is that: A. the United States' ability to achieve constant returns to specialization is unparalleled.B. the strict immigration policies of the United States help insulate the economy from inward migration.C. introducing trade barriers may in fact be beneficial for the United States to some extent.D. developing nations are unlikely to upgrade the skill level of their workforce rapidly enough.D_____ and _____ created a measure of how "open" to international trade an economy was and then looked at the relationship between "openness" and economic growth for a sample of more than 100 countries from 1970 to 1990. A. Ricardo; SmithB. Warner; SachsC. Porter; VernonD. Samuelson; OhlinBIn general, economic studies on the relationship between trade and economic growth suggest that: A. countries open to international trade display higher growth rates than those that close their economies to trade.B. comparative advantage theory does not hold much relevance in the modern world of international trade and open economies.C. modern economic trends tend to be influenced more by the absolute advantage theory than the comparative advantage theory.D. with the onset of free trade, rich countries are showing better dynamic gains in the efficiency with which resources are used.AAccording to the Heckscher-Ohlin theory, the pattern of international trade is determined by differences in: A. labor productivity.B. efficiency.C. factor endowments.D. management practices.CThe United States has an abundance of arable land, but faces a shortage of low-cost labor. In contrast, China excels in the production of labor-intensive goods, such as footwear and textiles. According to the Heckscher-Ohlin theory: A. United States will import textiles and footwear from China and export agricultural goods.B. China will invest more than United States in the production of agricultural goods to exploit its population advantage.C. United States and China will import agricultural goods and textiles respectively to exploit the comparative advantage.D. the migration of Chinese laborers to United States will increase exponentially to bridge the shortage in cheap labor.ANations have varying factor endowments, and different factor endowments explain differences in _____. A. labor productivityB. efficiency of processesC. factor mobilityD. factor costsDThe difference between Ricardo's theory and the Heckscher-Ohlin theory is that they attributed the rise of comparative advantage to differences in _____ and _____, respectively. A. abundance of resources; educationB. economic systems; political ideologiesC. availability of labor; efficiency of productionD. productivity; factor endowmentsDWhich theory predicts that countries will export those goods that make intensive use of factors that are locally abundant, while importing goods that make intensive use of factors that are locally scarce? A. Warner-SachsB. Wacziarg-WelchC. Heckscher-OhlinD. Frankel-RomerCAccording to the text, most economists prefer the Heckscher-Ohlin theory to Ricardo's theory because: A. it makes fewer simplifying assumptions.B. it predicts real-world international trade patterns with greater accuracy.C. Ricardo's theory is less accurate due to the Leontief paradox.D. Ricardo's theory is too complicated to be applied to real-world scenariosAU.S. exports were less capital-intensive than U.S. imports, despite the relative abundance of capital in the country. This phenomenon runs contrary to what the Heckscher-Ohlin theory would predict and is termed the _____ paradox. A. ZenoB. LeontiefC. RussellD. SimpsonBWhat is a possible explanation for the Leontief paradox? A. U.S. imports goods that heavily use skilled labor and innovative entrepreneurship.B. U.S. has a special advantage in producing new products made with innovative technologies.C. U.S. exports heavy manufacturing products that use large amounts of capital.D. U.S. has a strong absolute advantage over all other foreign nations because of its advantageous factor endowments.BOne of the drawbacks of the Heckscher-Ohlin theory, even though it makes sound theoretical sense, is that: A. it does not explain the differences in national factor endowments.B. it argues that comparative advantage arises from differences in the countries' labor productivity.C. it lacks common sense appeal.D. it is a relatively poor predictor of real-world international trade patternsDOne of the key assumptions of the Heckscher-Ohlin theory is that: A. technologies are the same across countries.B. differences in the prices of resources in different countries do not exist.C. resources can move freely from the production of one good to another within a country.D. trade has no effect on income distribution in a country.aaymond Vernon proposed the product life cycle in the mid-1960s. Vernon argued that two factors gave U.S. firms a strong incentive to develop new consumer products. These two factors were _____ and _____. A. innovation; number of industriesB. size of the U.S. market; lack of competitionC. wealth; size of the U.S. marketD. entrepreneurial spirit; low-cost U.S. laborCVernon's product life-cycle theory was based on the observation that for most of the 20th century, a very large proportion of the world's new products had been developed by U.S. firms and sold first in the _____ market. A. AsianB. Western EuropeanC. U.S.D. globalCAccording to the product life-cycle theory, the high cost of U.S. labor gave U.S. firms an incentive to: A. lower costs of services to offset a fall in demand.B. develop cost-saving process innovations.C. invite foreign direct investment in domestic industries.D. embrace and promote open market capitalism.BVernon argues that pioneering firms kept production facilities closer to the market and centers of decision making because: A. of the uncertainty and risks inherent in introducing new products.B. they believed that foreign production facilities were inferior in technical skills.C. they believed that U.S. labor costs were much lower than those in foreign markets.D. earlier U.S. governments were critical of outsourcing production to other countries.AAccording to Vernon, which of the following factors obviates the need for pioneering U.S. firms to look for low-cost production sites in other countries? A. There is less uncertainty and risks inherent in introducing new products.B. The demand for most new products tends to be based mainly on price.C. U.S. labor costs were relatively low compared to global standards.D. Firms can charge relatively high prices for new products.DVernon argues that early in the life cycle of a typical new product, while demand is starting to grow rapidly in the United States, demand in other advanced countries: A. remains limited to high income groups.B. necessitates imports to the United States.C. necessitates outsourcing of production to low-cost locations.D. raises costs of production in the United States.AVernon predicts that as the demand for a new product starts to grow in other advanced countries: A. it becomes worthwhile for firms to invest in low-cost domestic labor in the United States.B. they deem it worthwhile to invest in production facilities in the United States.C. it is not worthwhile for firms in those countries to start producing the new product.D. the potential for exports from the U.S. begins to get limited.DVernon theorizes that as the market in the U.S. and other advanced nations matures, the product becomes more standardized and price becomes: A. governmentally regulated.B. higher.C. unimportant.D. the main competitive weapon.DHistorically, the product life-cycle theory seems to be an accurate explanation of: A. international trade patterns.B. the growth of innovation in U.S. firms.C. the Leontief paradox.D. the current labor advantages in the U.S.AThe relevance of the product life-cycle theory in the modern world seems more limited because: A. many countries have increasingly invested in the U.S. labor market over the past century.B. with the diminishing strength of the U.S. dollar, it loses the ability to generalize trade globally.C. it holds true only for the brief U.S. dominance of the global economy.D. historically, it has provided inaccurate explanations of international trade patterns.CCompared to the comparative advantage theory, the product life-cycle theory: A. fails to predict the possibility of globally dispersed production.B. is increasingly relevant to explaining trade patterns in the modern world.C. makes a lot of simplifying assumptions.D. explains the current labor advantages in the U.S.AThe _____ theory began to emerge in the 1970s when some economists pointed out that the ability of firms to attain economies of scale might have important implications for international trade. A. balanced tradeB. Heckscher-OhlinC. new tradeD. product life-cycleC_____ are unit cost reductions associated with a large scale of output. A. Comparative advantagesB. Factor endowmentsC. Economies of scaleD. Diminishing returnsCBecause of substantial economies of scale, the new trade theory argues that trade can: A. increase the variety of goods available to consumers.B. increase the average costs of goods.C. enable the global market to support a wide range of enterprises.D. inhibit first-mover advantages in all products.AThe _____ theory states that in those industries where the output required to attain economies of scale represents a significant proportion of total world demand, the global market may be able to support only a small number of enterprises. A. Heckscher-OhlinB. comparative advantageC. product life-cycleD. new tradeDThe ability to spread fixed costs over a large volume, and the ability of large-volume producers to utilize specialized employees and equipment that are more productive than less-specialized employees and equipment, are both sources of: A. first-mover disadvantages.B. economies of scale.C. conflict in international trade.D. rising production costs.BThe new trade theory points out that through its impact on economies of scale, trade can: A. reduce the volume of the goods produced.B. decrease the variety of goods available to consumers.C. decrease the average costs of goods.D. inhibit first-mover advantages in all industries.CAssuming a world without trade, in industries where economies of scale are important, both the variety of goods that a country can produce and the scale of production are limited by the _____. A. size of the marketB. monetary systemC. purchasing power parityD. strength of the currencyAIf a national market is small, there may not be enough demand to enable producers to realize _____ for certain products. A. adequate supplyB. economies of scaleC. cheap laborD. low volumesBAccording to new trade theory, which of the following could be a result of the economies of scale that may be achieved by individual firms as the size of the market expands due to trade? A. Each nation can produce a wider variety of goods, minimizing its imports.B. Each nation can simultaneously decrease the variety of goods available to its consumers and raise the costs of those goods.C. Each nation may specialize in producing a narrower range of products, importing goods that it does not make.D. Each nation can attain self-sufficiency in most products and eliminate exports.CAccording to the new trade theory, how does trade offer an opportunity for mutual gain even when countries do not differ in their resource endowments or technology? A. Trade results in a contraction of the size of the markets of individual firms.B. Trade allows for production of products at higher prices.C. Trade affords realization of scale economies.D. Trade allows countries to attain self-sufficiency in the production of all goods.COne of the themes in new trade theory is that the pattern of trade we observe in the world economy may be the result of _____ and _____. A. competitive advantage; technological advancementB. heterogeneous world market; globalizationC. economies of scale; first-mover advantagesD. liberal immigration policies; better standards of livingCThe economic and strategic advantages that accrue to early entrants in an industry are called: A. first-mover advantages.B. comparative advantages.C. pioneering advantages.D. early-bird advantages.AWhich of the following is an advantage that first-movers enjoy? A. Increasing returns to specializationB. A positive-sum game due to lack of competitionC. Capture scale economies ahead of later entrantsD. Absolute advantage and higher efficiencyCAccording to the new trade theory, countries whose firms establish a(n) _____ advantage with regard to the production of a particular new product may subsequently dominate global trade in that product. A. comparativeB. absoluteC. first-moverD. constant returnCOne of the implications of the new trade theory is that: A. it predicts the U.S. dominating the world market for consumer goods.B. nations may benefit from trade irrespective of resource endowments or technology.C. U.S. switches from being an importer of products to an exporter owing to lowering of labor costs.D. it accurately predicts the evolution of globally dispersed production.B) According to the new trade theory, the dominance of America and Europe in the trade of mid-sized and large aircraft is largely a product of: A. the nascent world market for private jets owned by individuals.B. lack of technological advancement elsewhere to compete with the leaders.C. the unpredictability of supply and demand patterns endemic to the aviation industry.D. first-mover advantages afforded by the industry.DThe new trade theory is at variance with the _____ theory, which suggests that a country will predominate in the export of a product when it is particularly well endowed with those factors used intensively in its manufacture. A. Heckscher-OhlinB. product life-cycleC. comparative advantageD. Ricardo-SraffaAWith regard to first-mover advantages and international trade, a study by Harvard business historian Alfred Chandler suggests the existence of first-mover advantages is an important factor in explaining: A. the dominance of firms from certain nations in specific industries.B. the economic hardships faced by former colonies of the West.C. the superiority enjoyed by developing countries like India and China in producing goods that require highly-skilled labor.D. the decline of United States' share in world output.AThe most contentious implication of the new trade theory is perhaps the argument that it generates for _____ and _____. A. free trade; laissez faireB. entrepreneurship; innovationC. luck; entrepreneurshipD. government intervention; strategic trade policyDThe new trade theory diverts from its advocacy of free trade by: A. suggesting that first-mover advantages influence domination of certain countries in specific industries.B. suggesting that nations benefit even in absence of resource endowments and technology.C. indirectly suggesting an economic rationale for a proactive trade policy.D. stressing the role of luck, entrepreneurship, and innovation in giving a firm first-mover advantages.CWhich of the following theorists published the results of an intensive research effort that attempted to determine why some nations succeed and others fail in international competition, in addition to, proposing an explanation in the form of a "diamond" of four national attributes? A. Alfred ChandlerB. Raymond VernonC. Andrew WarnerD. Michael PorterDWhich of the following best describes the essential task of Porter's 1990 study of national competitive advantage? A. How do nations leverage their resources efficiently to gain absolute advantage?B. Why does a nation achieve international success in a particular industry?C. How do countries gain first-mover advantages?D. What are the international trade patterns in evidence in the modern world?BPorter suggested four attributes making up the "diamond" consist of factor endowments, relating and supporting industries, firm strategy, structure, and rivalry, and: A. nature of competition.B. first-mover advantages.C. constant returns to specialization.D. demand conditions.DAccording to Porter's diamond, a nation's position in elements of production such as skilled labor or the infrastructure necessary to compete in a given industry is best referred to as: A. capitalization.B. demand conditions.C. factor endowments.D. optimization.CPorter's thesis was that four broad attributes of a nation shape the environment in which local firms compete, and that these attributes promote or impede the creation of competitive advantage. All of the following are attributes EXCEPT: A. factor endowments.B. first-mover advantages.C. firm strategy, structure, and rivalry.D. relating and supporting industries.BPorter maintains that two additional variables can influence the "diamond" of attributes in important ways. These two variables are _____ and ______. A. entrepreneurship; strategic trade policiesB. innovation; entrepreneurshipC. absolute advantage; PPFD. chance; governmentDWhich of the following factor endowments would be classified as a basic factor by Michael Porter? A. CommunicationB. Research facilitiesC. Natural resourcesD. Skilled laborCWhich of the following factor endowments would be classified as an advanced factor by Michael Porter? A. DemographicsB. Climate and locationC. Natural resourcesD. Skilled laborDPorter argued that in terms of factor endowments, _____ factors are the most significant for competitive advantage. A. constantB. basicC. advancedD. complementaryCJapan is a country that is at a disadvantage in terms of natural resources but it has achieved economic success by investing in education, thereby building a vital pool of skilled labor and technological know-how. This reflects Porter's argument that: A. competitive advantage is largely a product of basic factors.B. basic factors can be upgraded by nations, while advanced factors are endowed by nature.C. an initial advantage in basic factors is vital to competitive advantage.D. advanced factors are the most significant for competitive advantage.DAccording to Porter, the characteristics of _____ are particularly important in shaping the attributes of domestically made products and in creating pressures for innovation and quality. A. international customersB. the U.S. marketC. foreign investmentD. home demandDPorter argues that a nation's firms gain competitive advantage if their domestic consumers are: A. sophisticated and demanding.B. price insensitive and trusting.C. accommodating and flexible.D. nationalist and protective of their domestic industries.ASophisticated and demanding local customers in Scandinavia helped push Nokia of Finland and Ericsson of Sweden to invest in cellular phone technology long before demand for cellular phones took off in other developed nations. This underscores Porter's point about how: A. home demand plays an important role in upgrading competitive advantage.B. upgrading basic factors can help countries gain competitive advantage.C. basic factors are the most significant for competitive advantage.D. international trade can help firms gain competitive advantage.ATechnological leadership in the U.S. semiconductor industry provided the basis for U.S. success in personal computers and several other technically advanced electronic products. Similarly, Switzerland's success in pharmaceuticals is closely related to its previous international success in the technologically related dye industry. These instances illustrate the attribute of national competitive advantage identified by Porter as: A. national investment in basic factors of production.B. the presence of sophisticated and knowledgeable local customers.C. the presence of suppliers or related industries that are internationally competitive.D. the international demand for a locally produced product.C_____ occurs when employees move between firms within a region and when national industry associations bring employees from different companies together for regular conferences or workshops. A. Domestic competitionB. Organizational restructuringC. Management frictionD. Knowledge flowDPorter noted the predominance of engineers in top management at German and Japanese firms and a predominance of people with finance backgrounds leading many U.S. firms. He argued that the dominance of finance in U.S. firms led to a relative loss of U.S. competitiveness in some engineering-based industries. Thus, Porter illustrates how different nations _____, which are instrumental in their building national competitive advantage. A. upgrade their basic factorsB. have different trade policiesC. are characterized by different management ideologiesD. have varying levels of government interferenceCPorter, in his model of competitive advantage, suggested that there is a strong association between _____ and the creation and persistence of competitive advantage in an industry. A. investmentB. vigorous domestic rivalryC. eliminating competitionD. the availability of a captive marketBWho argued that successful industries within a country tend to be grouped into "clusters" of related industries? A. Michael PorterB. Raymond VernonC. David RicardoD. Eli HeckscherAPorter argues that the presence of _____ component(s) is usually required for "Porter's diamond" to boost national competitive advantage. A. at least twoB. all fourC. at least threeD. at least oneBDoes Porter's model of competitive advantage predict the pattern of international trade that we observe in the real world? A. Yes, Porter's model has been supported by detailed empirical testing.B. We do not know because Porter's theory has not been subjected to detailed empirical testing.C. No, Porter's model has failed to stand the test of time and is dated.D. Yes, Porter's model stands out as the one single theory that best predicts international trade.BIf a company were to draw from the ideas proposed in the various theories of international trade, from a profit perspective, how would it go about selecting locations for its businesses? A. It would concentrate its productive activities mostly in developing countries.B. It would concentrate its productive activities in its home country.C. It would disperse its productive activities to those countries where they can be performed most efficiently.D. It would disperse its productive activities across all countries that serve as its market.CPreempting the available demand, gaining cost advantages related to volume, building an enduring brand ahead of later competitors, and, consequently, establishing a long-term sustainable competitive advantage, are all examples of: A. monopolistic practices.B. comparative advantages.C. absolute advantages.D. first-mover advantages.DAdvertisementUpgrade to remove ads






Home - Smiths Brand Website











































































 













Brands

Smith’s
Ruggles
Artisa
Ajoyo
YoMazing!








Facility

SmithFoods Inc.







Our Brands and Facility






































 






Delicious Products with the Highest Quality












No one knows what made John and Peter Schmid borrow $300 from a neighbor to buy a dairy that first day of 1909. Whatever the reason, the two sons of a Swiss immigrant took the money and purchased two horses, two wagons, an assortment of milk bottles, cans, dippers, and a hand-crank ice cream freezer. Thus, Smith Dairy was born.








Since 1909, quality has been the discerning trademark of “The Dairy in the Country”. Every aspect of business was performed with personal pride and close attention to each detail. From the first day, the Schmid brothers had to exercise this care in their daily chores. A monotonous task like handwashing the milk bottles could have easily been neglected or hurried. The Schmids took the time each day to ensure cleanliness. This practice is the foundation upon which the quality tradition at Smith Dairy was born.
The company joined the Quality Chekd organization in 1947. This prestigious dairy association is committed to ensuring high quality and exacting standards in dairy production. We have earned numerous awards since joining Quality Chekd, each one demonstrating our long-standing commitment to excellence.
QUALITY CHEKD HAS JUST RECENTLY NAMED SMITH DAIRY PRODUCTS CO. PLANT AS A FINALIST FOR THE PRODUCTION EXCELLENCE AWARD IN THE MILK CATEGORY.
READ MORE







Smith Dairy Products





MILK AND EGGNOG



PREMIUM ICE CREAM



FEATURE FLAVOR ICE CREAM



JUICES AND DRINKS









WHITE OAK™ WATER



COTTAGE CHEESE



SOUR CREAM AND DIPS



WHALE-OF-A-PAIL®











Smiths on Facebook
Smith Dairy - Smith's 1 month ago Dad deserves the very best on Father’s Day. So, be sure to treat him to this tasty Filet Mignon Appetizer with Creamy Horseradish Sauce (bit.ly/2kHiggP). What makes it so appetizing? Smith’s Old Fashioned Sour Cream. This is one snack that’s sure to satisfy Dad’s savory cravings on his big day. Get the recipe today! ... See MoreSee LessPhotoView on Facebook·ShareSmith Dairy - Smith's 2 months ago Looking for the perfect dip for snacking while LeBron, Kyrie, Kevin and the rest of the Cavs play in the NBA Finals? Big Game Blue Cheese Dip for Veggies is it (bit.ly/2kHoJs5)! Smith’s Cottage Cheese and Smith’s Milk help make this delectable, savory dip the perfect assist for your veggies and more. Be sure to get the recipe before tip-off for a sure slam dunk! ... See MoreSee LessPhotoView on Facebook·ShareSmith Dairy - Smith's 2 months ago Treat Mom to breakfast in bed on Mother’s Day morning with these delightful Pecan Sour Cream Waffles (bit.ly/2kQerbB). Smith’s Sour Cream provides the perfect rich, creamy flavor boost for this morning treat. Get the recipe today to brighten Mom’s big day. ... See MoreSee LessPhotoView on Facebook·ShareSmith Dairy - Smith's 3 months ago Add some spice to your Cinco de Mayo celebration with Smith’s Chili Con Queso Dip. It’s perfecto for tortilla chips, pretzels, crackers or any crunchy, savory snack. Smith’s Chili Con Queso Dip will have your family and friends high-fiving all around! Get your coupon for $1 off any two cartons of Smith’s Dips today! (bit.ly/2pFVyf2) ... See MoreSee LessPhotoView on Facebook·ShareSmith Dairy - Smith's 3 months ago Smith’s knows the perfect complement for your Easter ham — Confetti Scalloped Potatoes. Smith’s Milk provides the creamy base for these cheesy, savory potatoes. Get your coupon for 75 cents off any one gallon of Smith’s Milk (bit.ly/2oaJpLt) to help make Easter dinner even more special, and get the recipe today (bit.ly/2lkPFNU). ... See MoreSee LessPhotoView on Facebook·ShareView on Facebook






You’ll find delicious recipes for everything.
FIND A RECIPE








 















 




Products- Mixed Fruit Jams - E.D.Smith


















 












Voir en Français

Products
Recipes
Uses
Our Story
Frequently Asked Questions
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
California Supply Chain Transparency Law
E.D.SMITH® AODA Compliance
Sitemap
 
Visit edsmith.com












   








 


E.D.SMITH Triple Fruits® 
Fruit & Concentrated Fruit Juice Spreads
Satisfy the foodie in you with these delicious fruit blends.  Our Triple Fruits Spreads are prepared in Canada and feature three unique fruit combinations – like the enticing new blend of Peach, Mango, Orange – making them simply irresistible.  With a fresh new look, three exciting new flavor blends available and still just 25 calories per tablespoon you can enjoy all you like!   
View More  



View More  






Satisfy the foodie in you with these delicious fruit blends.  Our Triple Fruits Spreads are prepared in Canada and feature three unique fruit combinations – like the enticing new blend of Peach, Mango, Orange – making them simply irresistible.  With a fresh new look, three exciting new flavor blends available and still just 25 calories per tablespoon you can enjoy all you like!  








Apricot Peach Passion Fruit











Field Berry 











Peach Mango Orange











Raspberry Strawberry & Blackberry











Strawberry Raspberry & Plum











Apricot Peach Passion Fruit
 No Sugar Added











Field Berry 
 No Sugar Added











Raspberry Strawberry Blackberry
 No Sugar Added











Strawberry Raspberry Plum
 No Sugar Added









 


E.D.SMITH® More Fruit 
Fruit Spreads
If you like fruit then you’re going to love our More Fruit® spreads! They’re overflowing with luscious fruit taste; in fact, they contain 85% more fruit and 50% less calories than a regular jam with pectin.  With five intriguing fruit flavours like Blueberry Cherry and Field Berry blends, whatever tasty meal you decide to create will be sure to make your taste buds dance. 
View More  



View More  






If you like fruit then you’re going to love our More Fruit® spreads! They’re overflowing with luscious fruit taste; in fact, they contain 85% more fruit and 50% less calories than a regular jam with pectin.  With five intriguing fruit flavours like Blueberry Cherry and Field Berry blends, whatever tasty meal you decide to create will be sure to make your taste buds dance.








Blueberry Cherry











Field Berry 











Raspberry











Seedless Strawberry Raspberry











Strawberry









 


E.D.SMITH® 1L Spreads 

E.D.SMITH® More Fruit and E.D.SMITH® Organic spreads are made with only the finest quality fruit, picked at their peak to give the freshest tasting product.  Featuring unique flavour combinations, these spreads allow you the versatility to go beyond the bread and be creative with your cooking!    

Available at most Costco’s throughout the US and Canada, on a rotational basis.  
View More  



View More  






E.D.SMITH® More Fruit and E.D.SMITH® Organic spreads are made with only the finest quality fruit, picked at their peak to give the freshest tasting product.  Featuring unique flavour combinations, these spreads allow you the versatility to go beyond the bread and be creative with your cooking!    

Available at most Costco’s throughout the US and Canada, on a rotational basis. 








More Fruit Black Cherry Raspberry Blood Orange











More Fruit Peach Mango Orange 











Organic Mango Orange Passionfruit











Organic Raspberry Cherry Rhubarb









 


E.D.SMITH® Pure Jams 

For over 130 years, E. D.SMITH® Pure Jams have been the perfect way to enjoy fresh fruit taste – vine-ripened berries and fruits picked when they’re brimming with natural goodness and taste, then packed with no preservatives or artificial colour. Our Pure Jams are a wholesome, fresh-tasting way to start your day… and they make a delicious treat for mid-day snacks. Check our recipe section for more ways to enjoy Pure Jam’s natural fresh fruit taste. 
View More  



View More  






For over 130 years, E. D.SMITH® Pure Jams have been the perfect way to enjoy fresh fruit taste – vine-ripened berries and fruits picked when they’re brimming with natural goodness and taste, then packed with no preservatives or artificial colour. Our Pure Jams are a wholesome, fresh-tasting way to start your day… and they make a delicious treat for mid-day snacks. Check our recipe section for more ways to enjoy Pure Jam’s natural fresh fruit taste.








Black Currant











Raspberry











Seedless Raspberry











Seedless Strawberry











Strawberry









 


E.D.SMITH® No Sugar Added 
Fruit & Concentrated Fruit Juice Spreads
Our No Sugar Added Spreads are made from naturally ripened fruit picked at the height of its wholesome sweetness, so we didn’t need to add more sugar. Try one of the five mouth-watering flavours and see if you don’t make our No Sugar Added Spreads a regular part of your healthy living plan. * Sweetened with sucralose 
View More  



View More  






Our No Sugar Added Spreads are made from naturally ripened fruit picked at the height of its wholesome sweetness, so we didn’t need to add more sugar. Try one of the five mouth-watering flavours and see if you don’t make our No Sugar Added Spreads a regular part of your healthy living plan. * Sweetened with sucralose








Apricot Peach Passion Fruit
 No Sugar Added











Orange Lemon Lime
 No Sugar Added











Raspberry
 No Sugar Added











Seedless Strawberry-Raspberry
 No Sugar Added











Strawberry
 No Sugar Added









 


E.D.SMITH Spa Fruits® No Sugar Added 
Fruit & Concentrated Fruit Juice Spreads
Healthy eating doesn’t mean sacrificing great taste. You can go ahead and indulge in these delicious strawberry and raspberry spreads – they’re full of fruity goodness with no added sugar and just 10 calories and 2 g of carbohydrates per serving. * Sweetened with sucralose 
View More  



View More  






Healthy eating doesn’t mean sacrificing great taste. You can go ahead and indulge in these delicious strawberry and raspberry spreads – they’re full of fruity goodness with no added sugar and just 10 calories and 2 g of carbohydrates per serving. * Sweetened with sucralose








Raspberry
 No Sugar Added











Strawberry
 No Sugar Added









 


E.D.SMITH® Specialty Items 

Velvety smooth Lemon Spread and our classic Mint Jelly. 
View More  



View More  






Velvety smooth Lemon Spread and our classic Mint Jelly.








Lemon Spread











Mint Jelly









 


Habitant 
Jams with Pectin & Light Spreads
Habitant is a brand known for delivering traditional homestyle Jams with Pectin and Light Spreads.  Habitant light spreads have 30% more fruit and 50% less calories than a regular jam with pectin.  Ideal for health conscious consumers looking for less sugar and calories without sacrificing taste!  
View More  



View More  






Habitant is a brand known for delivering traditional homestyle Jams with Pectin and Light Spreads.  Habitant light spreads have 30% more fruit and 50% less calories than a regular jam with pectin.  Ideal for health conscious consumers looking for less sugar and calories without sacrificing taste! 








3 Fruit Marmalade











Orange Marmalade











Raspberry Jam with Pectin











Strawberry  Jam with Pectin











Strawberry Blackberry Jam with Pectin











Apricot Light Spread











Blueberry Light Spread











Garden Fruits Light Spread











Peach Mango Orange Light Spread











Raspberry Light Spread











Strawberry Apple with Maple Light Spread











Strawberry Light Spread









 


Golden Valley™ 
All Fruit Spreads
Made with 100% fruit ingredients 
View More  



View More  






Made with 100% fruit ingredients








3 Berry 100% Fruit Spread











Apricot 100% Fruit Spread











Blueberry 100% Fruit Spread











Raspberry 100% Fruit Spread











Strawberry 100% Fruit Spread









 


E.D.SMITH® Pie Fillings 

Nothing else says ‘welcome home’ like the aroma of hot-from-the-oven baking. Whether your fresh-made pies are part of your family’s tradition or a special treat, you can count on E.D.SMITH for fillings that make a perfect dessert. From family favourites like apple pie to elegant endings baked with our spicy mincemeat, you can count on E.D.SMITH® Pie Fillings to make every occasion special. 
View More  



View More  






Nothing else says ‘welcome home’ like the aroma of hot-from-the-oven baking. Whether your fresh-made pies are part of your family’s tradition or a special treat, you can count on E.D.SMITH for fillings that make a perfect dessert. From family favourites like apple pie to elegant endings baked with our spicy mincemeat, you can count on E.D.SMITH® Pie Fillings to make every occasion special.








Apple











Blueberry











Cherry











Cherry Cranberry











Field Berry











Lemon











Light & Fruity Cherry 











Mincemeat











Mincemeat with Pure Rum & Brandy











Peach Passion Fruit 











Pumpkin











Pure Pumpkin











Raisin











Raspberry











Rhubarb Strawberry











Strawberry









 


E.D.SMITH® No Sugar Added Syrups 

Pour on that distinctively delicious maple flavour with E.D.SMITH® No Sugar Added Syrups. Perfect for pancakes, French Toast or stir some in your morning oatmeal. And now you can say YES to both Butter and Syrup with our No Sugar Added Butter-Flavoured Syrup.  
View More  



View More  






Pour on that distinctively delicious maple flavour with E.D.SMITH® No Sugar Added Syrups. Perfect for pancakes, French Toast or stir some in your morning oatmeal. And now you can say YES to both Butter and Syrup with our No Sugar Added Butter-Flavoured Syrup. 








Butter Flavoured Syrup
 No Sugar Added











Syrup
 No Sugar Added









 


Habitant Syrups 

Habitant Syrup brings homestyle flavour right to your table. Deliciously smooth and sweet, it is perfect on your traditional pancakes and waffles but also adds great flavour to your hot oatmeal. 
View More  



View More  






Habitant Syrup brings homestyle flavour right to your table. Deliciously smooth and sweet, it is perfect on your traditional pancakes and waffles but also adds great flavour to your hot oatmeal.








Light Syrup











Original Syrup






















