


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.




 


Barry M. Smith, MBA PMP PE USNR
 | LinkedIn
 


























 









LinkedIn



















































Main content starts below.




Barry M. Smith, MBA PMP PE USNRVice President at Barry M. Smith, P.E., Inc.LocationOrlando, FloridaIndustryUtilitiesCurrentBarry M. Smith, P.E., Inc.PreviousMitsubishi Hitachi Power Systems, Barry M. Smith, P.E., Inc., Siemens Energy (Siemens Westinghouse)EducationUniversity of LouisvilleRecommendations5 people have recommended Barry M. Smith,136 connectionsView Barry M. Smith,’s full profile. It's free!Your colleagues, classmates, and 500 million other professionals are on LinkedIn.View Barry M. Smith,’s Full ProfilePublished by Barry M. Smith,See moreLeadership and NegotiationJuly 17, 2017What I learned (this fall) in schoolNovember 16, 20163 legged stool of power policy?August 11, 2016Summary“Inspiring, fearless, and knowledgeable, I thoroughly enjoyed working with Barry.” – Anthony Plank, Vice President of Global Supply Chain - Express Integrated Technologies“Barry is one of the brightest and most articulate professionals. He addresses issues straight up and offers solutions others can readily work with.” – Ronald Cartrette, President – Jaygee, Inc.“His success on projects is automatic, and he can be trusted to direct visibility to the areas most critical to corporate interests.” – George Mulligan, Director of Projects, Mitsubishi Power Systems Americas•	30 years’ experience in heavy industries•	MBA, Finance (Summa Cum Laude)•	Honorably Discharged U.S. Navy Officer •	U. S. Merchant Marine Academy graduate, Engineer •	Three time PowerGen award winner (Gas, Renewables & Coal) •	Project Management Professional (PMP)•	Professional Mechanical Engineer (PE)As a free resource in Mitsubishi, I championed business improvement projects; marketing new products, developing new suppliers, commercializing an emerging technology and even implementing SAP giving me a strong, broad business base to better lead Project Directors and Managers.“Ethical, Moral Commitment to Success”Barry M. Smith, MBA PE PMP USNRBSmithPE@reagan.com407-340-2450 cellExperienceVice President Project ManagementBarry M. Smith, P.E., Inc.July 2013  –  Present (4 years 1 month)As the Power industry collapsed in 2002, I concluded my contracts at Siemens and chose to work in a site trailer which led to the creation of an S-Corp. It has served me well between direct employment positions. Whereas in 2006, MHI expanded their office from gas turbines only to all power generation, in 2013 MHI merged with Hitachi, so I returned to my S-Corp and the Golden Handcuffs have expired.Authoring the ISO procedures was a snap after creating and implementing the Project Management and Project Controls policies, practices and procedures for an international OEM and EPCM. Then integrating Project Management with the Procurement, Engineering, Sales and Finance groups. Mentoring the Project Managers in developing a self-regulating team was also the right thing to do.Deputy to SVP OperationsMitsubishi Hitachi Power SystemsOctober 2006  –  June 2013 (6 years 9 months)MPS afforded opportunities to start initiatives where MHI was yet unwilling to commit indigenous resources. I seized these to market supercritical pressure boilers, commercialize new gasification technology, change the procurement culture to competitive bid saving millions of US$, select, sell and deliver a new supplier’s HRSG to a new client in a new country, and apply the business model to SAP. Then, when the bottom line was imperiled by failed Project Managers, I returned in damage control mode. Client bankruptcy in two countries, force majeure with the Fukushima earthquake and tsunami, test and completion disputes worth US$20M, factory defect field repair outages and past due collections. Remarkably, two of these troubled projects earned Power Engineering Magazine 2012 awards.Vice President Project ManagementBarry M. Smith, P.E., Inc.July 2002  –  September 2006 (4 years 3 months)Having an EPA deadline and an OEM-Constructor impasse, an electric utility hired me to resolve conflicts, restore trust of each in the other, and expedite commissioning and licensing on a 700MW brownfield project. Coaching PMI techniques to the Project Management team was my pleasure.Developing a new technology and attempting to commercialize it by managing IGCC with CCS project feasibility studies for Mitsubishi Hitachi Power Systems. One project with a total project cost of US$2B, was scheduled to go into commercial operation in 2013. Unfortunately, with the price of LNG, the client’s pro forma business model was insufficient to justify advancing the project to FEED. Senior Project ManagerSiemens Energy (Siemens Westinghouse)October 1999  –  June 2002 (2 years 9 months)Being the only project involving two parties engaged elsewhere in arbitration, the client’s manager having a vested interest in Siemens' failure, and entailing six subordinate Project Managers (two of which in supplier corporations) each in the US$20-100M range, leading the Magic Valley project would have been difficult enough. Add that it contained many new and unproven technologies including Siemens' new, larger G class gas turbines, HRSGs similarly enlarged and an innovative dual side exhaust "saddle" configured condenser, it had already consumed two previous managers. Still, I was determined to and successfully did complete the contract to warranty, all while Siemens was absorbing Westinghouse.Director of Project ManagementLG&E Energy (Enertech)December 1997  –  October 1999 (1 year 11 months)Louisville, Kentucky AreaHaving enough success to be forced to either deliver on their won contracts or prospect for more, this start-up subsidiary for power distribution services to government and industrial consumers hired me to develop the project management department. This involved contract execution, accounting procedure development for GAAP and company expansion through acquisition. Senior Project EngineerBabcock Power (Henry Vogt Machine Co.)February 1991  –  August 1997 (6 years 7 months)Louisville, Kentucky AreaLeading the product development team that caused a shift from “economy of scale” to “mass production” saving the company from bankruptcy, developing the precedent for international client satisfaction in a historically domestic corporation, leading a purpose built international Joint Venture to maintain a market presence from a licensee bankruptcy and earning a Summa Cum Laude MBA while traveling internationally are all achievements during my transition from technical to commercial leadership.Mechanical EngineerEnertecFebruary 1989  –  January 1991 (2 years)Houston, Texas AreaThe transition from shipbuilding Quality Assurance to OEM design in the Oil & Gas market involved a steep learning curve. Marine Engineering is Operations & Maintenance whereas Mechanical Engineering is computational design, two entirely different skill sets, but the insight I had made me a better designer and field investigator. The failure of the RRF while volunteering for Operation Desert Shield impressed upon me the importance of proper long term planning.Technical SpecialistTRW Defense SystemsAugust 1986  –  January 1989 (2 years 6 months)Defense contracting for the Navy while being a Reservist was both frustrating and exciting. Drafting the NAVSEA casualty reporting procedures for the then new LCAC hovercraft and advising plant operations during the builder’s sea trials on LHD-1 are fond memories. My only regret is not being able to convince the brass of the value of drones.Volunteer Experience & CausesDistrict CaptainConvention of States ProjectApril 2013  –  October 2015 (2 years 7 months)PoliticsJoin me:  http://www.conventionofstates.com/?recruiter_id=25487The Solution:  “The Congress, …on the application of the legislatures of two thirds of the several states, shall call a convention for proposing amendments, which, in either case, shall be valid to all intents and purposes, as part of this Constitution, when ratified by the legislatures of three fourths of the several states, ...”The Problem:  We see four major abuses perpetrated by the federal government.1. The Spending and Debt Crisis…Under standard accounting practices, the federal government owes around $100 trillion more in vested Social Security benefits and other programs. 2. The Regulatory Crisis…Research from the American Enterprise Institute shows that since 1949, federal regulations have lowered the real GDP growth by 2% and made America 72% poorer.3. Congressional Attacks on State Sovereignty…Combining these grants with federal mandates (which are rarely fully funded), Congress has turned state legislatures into their regional agencies rather than respecting them as truly independent republican governments.4. Federal Takeover of the Decision-Making Process…Not only were there to be checks and balances between the branches of the federal government, power was to be shared between the states and federal government, with the latter only exercising those powers specifically granted in the Constitution.What Does this Mean?...This is not a partisan issue. Washington, D.C., will never voluntarily relinquish meaningful power—no matter who is elected. The problem is big, but we have a solution...Article V, U.S. Constitution: Neighborhood Association Board Chairman & President, and Member, Neighborhoods CouncilWaterford Lakes Community AssociationJuly 2016  –  March 2017 (9 months)Social ServicesCleansing a not for profit corporation of 30 years of dysfunctional management, returning it to financial solvency and restoring it to the founding principles while updating the governing documents to legal compliance.Causes Barry M. Smith, cares about:Economic EmpowermentPoliticsHonors & AwardsWinner - 2012 PowerGen Project of the Year - RenewablesPower Engineering magazineDecember 2012Southern Company's Biomass plant in Sacul, TX won this award. The Nacogdoches Generating Facility is the largest wood biomass power plant in the United States. It began commercial operation in June 2012 as a 100MW biomass-fueled base-load facility providing enough power to supply 60,000 homes with electricity. Mitsubishi Hitachi Power Systems supplied the Steam Turbine - Generator set. I managed the project through final settlement.Runner Up - 2012 PowerGen Project of the Year - CoalPower Engineering magazineDecember 2012Basin Electric's Dry Fork 1 plant in Gillette, WY won this award. This Powder River Basin mine-mouth facility included multiple industry first technologies. Dry Fork Station was commissioned November 2011 and is a leading edge coal-based power plant that meets the energy demands of 134 member co-ops in nine states. Mitsubishi Hitachi Power Systems supplied the Steam Turbine - Generator set. I managed the project through final settlement.Winner - 2007 PowerGen Project of the Year - GasPower Engineering magazineDecember 2007Portland General Electric's Port Westward Generating Plant won this award. This is the first use of MHI’s G1 advanced gas turbine in a combined-cycle configuration in the U.S. The 400-MW plant began commercial operation in June 2007. Mitsubishi Hitachi Power Systems supplied the power island equipment: M501G1 gas turbine, MHI steam turbine, generators, and 3-pressure HRSG equipped with a SCR. I managed the HRSG portion of the project.OrganizationsBeta Gamma Sigma Business Honor SocietyMemberStarting August 1997American Society of Mechnical EngineersMemberStarting February 1991Project Management InstituteProject Management ProfessionalJuly 2002  –  December 2006#52062 - Passed the test in the tenth decile.National Society of Professional EngineersMechanical EngineerMarch 1994  –  December 2012#18097 - Passed the test in the tenth decile.United States Coast GuardThird Assistant Marine EngineerJune 1986  –  June 1996#687993 - Passed the test in the tenth decile.United States NavyCommissioned OfficerJune 1986  –  October 1994SkillsEnergyPower PlantsGas TurbinesCross-functional Team LeadershipEngineering ManagementProject ManagementBoilersSteam TurbinesCommissioningEPCSteamTurbinesElectric PowerContract ManagementPower GenerationSee 12+EngineeringFactoryProject EngineeringLeadershipProject PlanningContract NegotiationRenewable EnergyProcurementManagementProcess ImprovementStrategic PlanningBusiness Process ImprovementSee lessHow's this translation?Great•Has errorsThanks for your help!EducationUniversity of LouisvilleMaster of Business Administration (M.B.A.), Finance, 3.92Master of Business Administration (M.B.A.), Finance, 3.921993  –  1997Electives taken: Commercial and Contract Law, International FinanceActivities and Societies: "with Distinction" - Beta Gamma Sigma Honor SocietyUnited States Merchant Marine AcademyBachelor of Science, Marine EngineeringBachelor of Science, Marine Engineering1982  –  1986United States Merchant Marine Academy is a federal military service academy that educates and graduates licensed Merchant Marine officers of exemplary character who serve America’s marine transportation and defense needs in peace and war. These leaders are vital to the effective operation of our merchant fleet for both commercial and military transport during war and peace. Academy graduates abide by the motto “Acta Non Verba" - deeds not words, and are leaders that exemplify the concept of service above self.Known for its rigorous academic program, USMMA requires more credit hours for a baccalaureate degree than any other Federal service academy. This challenging coursework is augmented by the Academy’s Sea year experience, which affords midshipmen the opportunity to acquire hands-on, real-world experiences aboard working commercial vessels sailing to ports around the world.Electives taken: Industrial Diesel Design, Combustion Turbine DesignActivities and Societies: Four year letter man (Pistol Marksmanship), Pan Am Games qualified (1987) - Handling firearms developed a "Safety First" discipline.ProjectsENMAX Shephard Green Energy Centre NGCCApril 2008  –  June 2013(HRSGs) - Calgary, Alberta, CanadaNew customer, new supplier, new product, new market, new constructor and no plant design upon purchase of the equipment. What could possibly go wrong? Relax, it eventually got done.Team members: Barry M. Smith, MBA PMP PE USNRNova Scotia Power BiomassNovember 2011  –  January 2013(Steam Turbine-Generator) – Port Hawkesbury, Nova Scotia, CanadaThe developer goes bankrupt in two countries, force majeure is invoked and the client claims EPC errors and omissions, yet we were whole. Why would my relief PM think the sky was falling?Team members: Barry M. Smith, MBA PMP PE USNRSouthern Power Nacogdoches BiomassFebruary 2012  –  December 2012(Steam Turbine-Generator) – Sacul, TexasThe fair-haired PM they just had to hire never met the client, turned a profit to a loss and thought he would invoice $1M+ for extra services without a change order. Explains why he's now in Sales. Team members: Barry M. Smith, MBA PMP PE USNRBasin Electric Dry Fork Unit 1June 2009  –  October 2011PRB Mine Mouth Coal (Steam Turbine-Generator) - Gillette, WyomingI do everything but personally inventory $3M+ of international spare parts shipments and still I nearly have to withdraw my workforce for client refusal to pay for field service invoices.Team members: Barry M. Smith, MBA PMP PE USNRXcel Energy Comanche Unit 3June 2009  –  October 2009Critical Pressure (Steam Turbine-Generator) – Pueblo, ColoradoTelling my own service department that a warranty does not force a client to use us for maintenance eventually contributed to my separation even though we sold the work anyway.Team members: Barry M. Smith, MBA PMP PE USNRUS SteelJune 2009  –  September 2009Mill Waste Heat Power (Steam Turbine-Generator) – Granite City, IllinoisHow was I to know that turning a customer over to my Collections department meant it would expedite me to collect! Thanks for the friendly fire fellas.Team members: Barry M. Smith, MBA PMP PE USNREdison Mission Energy Wallula IGCCOctober 2006  –  September 2007Feasibility study (Gasification & Power blocks) – Wallula, OregonLet's spend $1M to prove what's already known: a Power utility and a Chemical plant fear coexistence. We also learned that a $2.3B business model with only power revenues is not feasible.Team members: Barry M. Smith, MBA PMP PE USNRNRG Huntley IGCCOctober 2006  –  September 2007Feasibility study (Gasification & Power blocks) – North Tonawanda, New YorkToo bad the major power consumer (General Motors) filed bankruptcy instead of building the nearby light duty diesel engine factory. The two would have revitalized this tired, upstate city.Team members: Barry M. Smith, MBA PMP PE USNRPG&E Port Westward NGCCJanuary 2005  –  September 2006(HRSG) – Clatskanie, OregonWe had to tread lightly at this Native American site on the Lewis & Clark trail. I was brought in as the office lacked any boiler guys for this first of a kind plant. Then the supplier went bankrupt.Team members: Barry M. Smith, MBA PMP PE USNRDominion Power Possum Point 6 NGCCAugust 2002  –  June 2003(HRSGs) – Dumfries, VirginiaThe HRSG OEM rep and construction superintendent were dismissed. Progress had ceased. Somebody with gravitas had to restore a working relationship and salvage the critical path.Team members: Barry M. Smith, MBA PMP PE USNRCalpine Lone Oak NGCCMarch 2001  –  June 2002(Combustion Turbine-Generators) – Tupelo, MississippiPop! goes the bubble when Enron added risk to an over-committed industry. My team was the first to arrange storage in lieu of construction upon delivery. The inventory took years to clear.Team members: Barry M. Smith, MBA PMP PE USNRCalpine Magic Valley NGCCOctober 1999  –  March 2002(Expanded Power Island) – Edinburg, TexasMy Director need not aggravate my client to create conflict when the project involved an EPC with which my employer was involved in arbitration. Failing to distribute a bonus was the last straw.Team members: Barry M. Smith, MBA PMP PE USNRCoursesBarry M. Smith, P.E., Inc.21 Laws of Leadership (John C. Maxwell)21 Laws of Leadership (John C. Maxwell)CertificationsProject Management ProfessionalProject Management Institute, License 52062July 2002  –  December 2006Professional EngineerKENTUCKY SOCIETY OF PROFESSIONAL ENGINEERS, License 18097June 1994  –  December 2011Third Assistant Engineer, Steam & Diesel, Unlimited HorsepowerU.S. Coast Guard, License 687993June 1986  –  June 1996Commissioned OfficerUS NavyJune 1986  –  October 1994RecommendationsA preview of what LinkedIn members have to say about Barry M. Smith,:Barry Smith is a seasoned professional with significant experience in managing capital equipment projects. I have know Barry for 5 years and would recommend him to anyone looking for a self-motivated professional to supplement their permanent workforce.See moreSee lessBarry was brought in to serve as an interim leader for the project management team as EIT transitioned from private ownership. During this period of transition and uncertainty, Barry was an inspiring, empowering leader. He made bold moves to reorganize the structure of the company, and often challenged the status quo and the "this is how it's always been" mentality. Barry is a solid executive who pays close attention to the need of his clients. His engineering skill and managerial style combine to provide excellent project performance. Inspiring, fearless, and knowledgeable, I thoroughly enjoyed working with Barry.See moreSee lessSign up to see who recommended Barry M. Smith,GroupsUofL MBA Alumni Council (official group)Allen Austin Power & CleantechUofL Alumni AssociationView Barry M. Smith,’s full profile to...See who you know in commonGet introducedContact Barry M. Smith, directlyView Barry M. Smith,’s Full ProfileView this profile in another languageEnglishChinese (Simplified)GermanPeople Also ViewedGeorge A. Van der WerkPlanning/Scheduling Projects and TAs International (Georgevanderwerk@live.nl) (+31629223780)Stanton YoungA research laboratory facilities & operations manager seeking new opportunities.William Barry SmithCEO/Radiologist at Barry Smith,M.D.,P.C.Erika LukasevicieneProgramme Cost Manager at Gatwick AirportEric MartinP3MO Specialist & Consultant at everis /European External Action ServiceDonald LunguConstruction ManagerKeith BarnardSenior Planner at Mott MacDonaldVladimir SvalinaOwner / CEO at ProPlan d.o.o.Daniel Balev / Даниел Балев / डैनियल बलेवMegacities and sustainable transport solutionsPublic profile badgeInclude this LinkedIn profile on other websitesView profile badgesSearch by nameOver 500 million professionals are already on LinkedIn. Find who you know.First NameLast NameExample:  Jeff WeinerLinkedIn member directory:abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyzmoreBrowse members by country






















BARRY M. SMITH, P.E., INC. Credit report, products, contacts













 Florida






Search









    BARRY M. SMITH, P.E., INC.











Company number P05000163395
        

Status Active
        

FEI number 204006027
        

Company Type Domestic for Profit
        

Home State FL
        

Last activity date not available
        

Date Of Incorporation 12/14/2005
        

Principal Address
            561 LAKEHAVEN CIRCLE, ORLANDO, FL, 32828
            


Mailing Address 561 LAKEHAVEN CIRCLE, ORLANDO, FL, 32828
        
BARRY M. SMITH, P.E., INC. Principals

Vice President, President
                Smith Barry M
                 


Address
                561 LAKEHAVEN CIRCLE, ORLANDO, FL, 32828
                 







Last Annual Reports

2016 3/28/2016
            

2016 3/28/2016
            

2015 4/13/2015
            
Registered Agent

Agent Name SMITH               BARRY         M (p)
        

Agent Address
                561 LAKEHAVEN CIRCLE, ORLANDO, FL, 32828
                

Description
BARRY M. SMITH, P.E., INC. has been set up 12/14/2005 in state FL.  
The current status of the business is Active. The BARRY M. SMITH, P.E., INC. principal adress is 561 LAKEHAVEN CIRCLE, ORLANDO, FL, 32828. 
Meanwhile you can send your letters to 561 LAKEHAVEN CIRCLE, ORLANDO, FL, 32828. 
The company`s registered agent is SMITH               BARRY         M 561 LAKEHAVEN CIRCLE, ORLANDO, FL, 32828.  
The company`s management are Vice President, President - Smith Barry M. The company annual reports filed on Annual reports – 3/28/2016.






Comprehensive Report about this company
        





(view sample)








Similar Companies
BARRY M. SOLO, P.A.
BARRY M. STEAGALL, P.A.
BARRY M. TORINE, D.V.M., P.A.
BARRY M. TUVEL, D.P.M., P.A.
BARRY MUFFLEY INSURANCE, INC.
BARRY MUKAMAL, CPA, LLC













	CARENATION.COM Trademark of Smith, Barry M.. Serial Number: 75930308 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Computer & Software Products & Electr...
CARENATION.COM










 
Get FREE email alerts













CARENATION.COM  Trademark Information
 Smith, Barry M.
Software for healthcare, application service provider, internet based products, services and consulting, transaction management service and software




Perfect for these industries

Computer & Software Products & Electrical & Scientific Products





Words that describe this mark
software   healthcare      application   service   provider      internet   based   products      services   consulting      transaction   management   service   software    
                                    




This is a brand page for the CARENATION.COM trademark by Smith, Barry M. 
                                in Paradise Valley, , 85253.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this CARENATION.COM trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Smith, Barry M. of the CARENATION.COM trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the CARENATION.COM trademark.
                           






On Sunday, February 13, 2000,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        CARENATION.COM by 
                        Smith, Barry M., Paradise Valley 85253.
                        The USPTO has given the CARENATION.COM 
                        trademark serial  number of  75930308.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is ABANDONED - FAILURE TO RESPOND OR LATE RESPONSE.
                        The correspondent listed for CARENATION.COM is 
                        
                        
                                            Barry M. Smith of 
                                            5801 East Berneil Lane,  Paradise Valley AZ 85253,  
                                .
                            The CARENATION.COM trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Computer & Software Products & Electrical & Scientific Products
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for CARENATION.COM 
                            is Software for healthcare, application service provider, internet based products, services and consulting, transaction management service and software. 
                            





Word mark:
 CARENATION.COM


  Status/Status Date:  


ABANDONED - FAILURE TO RESPOND OR LATE RESPONSE

3/30/2001






  Serial Number:  
75930308


  Filing Date:  
2/13/2000


 Registration Number:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Registration Date:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Goods and Services: 
Software for healthcare, application service provider, internet based products, services and consulting, transaction management service and software


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
TradeMark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
N/A


Last Applicant/Owner:

Smith, Barry M.Paradise Valley 85253
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Drawing with Words in Stylized form


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


Barry M. Smith
5801 East Berneil Lane
Paradise Valley AZ 85253







 Intent to Use Trademark - Applicant has not submitted proof of use in commerce the the USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (009) - Scientific, nautical, surveying, photographic, cinematographic, optical, weighing, measuring, signalling, checking (supervision), life-saving and teaching apparatus and instruments; apparatus and instruments for conducting, switching, transforming, accumulating, regulating or controlling electricity; apparatus for recording, transmission or reproduction of sound or images; magnetic data carriers, recording discs; automatic vending machines and mechanisms for coin operated apparatus; cash registers, calculating machines, data processing equipment and computers; fire extinguishing apparatus.


First Use Anywhere: 
12/1/1999


First Use In Commerce: 
12/1/1999





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your CARENATION.COM trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

3/30/2001
ABANDONED - FAILURE TO RESPOND OR LATE RESPONSE


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



Barry M. Smith


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of CARENATION.COM trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search carenationcom on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for CARENATION.COM 




CARENATION.COM is providing Software for healthcare, application service provider, internet based products, services and consulting, transaction management service and software.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 






















Barry Smith - Agile Product Manager - AIM Consulting
















































 
















































































Search for:












 



Our Team









Who We Are | Our Team | Barry Smith 
 



 
Barry Smith
Consultant, Delivery Leadership 

Profile
Barry is a Lean/Agile evangelist and customer-centric product leader with over 25 years of software experience. He approaches technology engagements with a blend of deep product management expertise, intense focus on business value, and commitment to fostering empowered teams.
Background
Barry has been an AIM Consultant since 2015 and is currently a Senior Consultant in the Delivery Leadership practice. His Agile journey began in 2008, as product owner for a Scrum team creating a first-generation iPhone app. He’s since become an enthusiastic proponent and coach, and has guided Agile transitions for several firms. Barry is a Certified Scrum Master (Scrum Alliance) and Certified Product Manager/Product Marketing Manager (AIPMM). He holds a B.S. in Geology and an MBA, both from the University of Washington.
Interests
Barry can often be spotted on group bicycle rides around the Puget Sound region, and occasionally scuba diving in the Sound.   He’s an avid fan of jazz, and enjoys dabbling in photography.

Latest Articles from Barry Smith
Will Scrum Be The Death of Product Management? 




 










 

Smith, Barry M 561 Lakehaven Cir Orlando, FL Engineers - MapQuest







































































































    Smith, Barry M
  

561 Lakehaven Cir

Orlando
FL
32828




 Reviews



(407) 382-9285

        Menu & Reservations
      



            Make Reservations 




            Order Online
          

            Tickets
          




          Tickets
        


        See Availability
      





      Nearby
    


      Directions
    


    {{::location.tagLine.value.text}}
  



Sponsored Topics








































See a problem?
Let us know!






















Legal






Help























Smith, Barry M Agt 2550 Meridian Blvd Franklin, TN Real Estate Agents - MapQuest







































































































    Smith, Barry M Agt
  

2550 Meridian Blvd

Franklin
TN
37067




 Reviews



(615) 794-0833

        Menu & Reservations
      



            Make Reservations 




            Order Online
          

            Tickets
          




          Tickets
        


        See Availability
      





      Nearby
    


      Directions
    


    {{::location.tagLine.value.text}}
  



Sponsored Topics








































See a problem?
Let us know!






















Legal






Help
























ENSG Barry M. Smith Insider Trades for Ensign Group Inc.


































Bulletin






Investor Alert





















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Ensign Group Inc.

                  NASDAQ: ENSG
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Ensign Group Inc.



After Hours
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 21, 2017, 4:33 p.m.


ENSG

/quotes/zigman/106385/composite


$
22.70




Change

-0.0045
-0.02%

Volume
Volume 5,175
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/106385/composite
Today's close

$
			22.54
		


$
				22.70
			
Change

+0.16
+0.71%





Day low
Day high
$22.46
$22.74










52 week low
52 week high

            $16.51
        

            $23.18
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Barry M. Smith



Mr. Barry M. Smith is Chairman & Chief Executive Officer at Magellan Health, Inc., Chairman at iNation, Inc., Chairman at RG Capital, Chairman & Chief Executive Officer at B&J Associates, Inc., Chairman & Chief Executive Officer at B&J Investments LLC and Chairman & Chief Executive Officer at Bon Travay SA. He is on the Board of Directors at The Ensign Group, Inc. Mr. Smith was previously employed as Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer by VistaCare, Inc., Chairman & Chief Executive Officer by Value Rx, Inc., Lead Director by CenseoHealth LLC, Lead Director by Halcyon Healthcare LLC, Operating Partner by Health Evolution Management Co. LLC, Chairman by Keystone National Group LLC, Chairman by Optimal IMX, Inc., and Vice President-Operations by PCS Health Systems, Inc. He also served on the board at IPC The Hospitalist Co., Inc. and Inpatient Consultants, Inc. He received his undergraduate degree from the University of Utah.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





07/17/2017
1,500


 
Award at $21.53 per share.


32,295


04/17/2017
1,500


 
Award at $18.47 per share.


27,705


01/17/2017
1,500


 
Award at $20.68 per share.


31,020


10/17/2016
1,500


 
Award at $19.61 per share.


29,415


07/15/2016
1,500


 
Award at $21.67 per share.


32,505


04/15/2016
1,500


 
Award at $23.23 per share.


34,845


01/15/2016
1,500


 
Award at $21.26 per share.


31,890


10/15/2015
750


 
Award at $42 per share.


31,500


07/15/2015
750


 
Award at $53.1 per share.


39,825


04/15/2015
750


 
Award at $46 per share.


34,500


01/15/2015
750


 
Award at $42.59 per share.


31,942


10/15/2014
750


 
Award at $34.09 per share.


25,567


07/15/2014
750


 
Award at $30.75 per share.


23,062





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. Roy E. Christensen 
Chairman




Mr. Christopher R. Christensen 
President, Chief Executive Officer & Director




Ms. Suzanne D. Snapper 
CFO & Principal Accounting Officer




Mr. Chad A. Keetch 
Secretary & Executive Vice President




Ms. Beverly B. Wittekind 
Vice President & General Counsel




Dr. Antoinette T. Hubenette 
Independent Director




Mr. Lee A. Daniels 
Independent Director




Mr. Barry M. Smith 
Independent Director




Dr. John G. Nackel 
Independent Director




Mr. Daren J. Shaw 
Independent Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


X




Powered by














Log In




11:08 PM EDT
July 21, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
8:34pCharges dropped after ‘London Whale’ accused Jamie Dimon of making him a fall guy
7:41pGoodbye, Sean Spicer: Memorable Moments From the Podium  
7:18pHow to Fix Wall Street, and Bankers' Pay
6:59pAmazon, Whole Foods look to head off lengthy deal review
6:45pHawaii adopts emergency plan for North Korea missile attack
6:24p California Wildfire Destroys Homes Near Yosemite
6:20pSpicer Quits as Scaramucci Accepts White House Job
6:20pWhy you shouldn’t order ice on a flight, and other ‘dirty little secrets’ 
6:09pIf you’re reading this, you have a 19.3% chance of being rich
6:07p5 unfortunate reasons why millennials can’t have nice things (or save any money)
6:06pThis is the deadliest time of your life to put on weight
6:06pIf, like Sean Spicer, you suddenly walk out — what should you do next?
5:37pA History of Sears: Through Highs and Lows
5:13pAre you a money bully?
5:10pHow real-estate TV shows determine what home buyers look for and what to do if you decide to quit your job like Sean Spicer
5:07pBREAKINGWall Street's 'fear gauge'--the VIX--just logged its second-lowest close in history
5:06pWhy it might be time to invest in the companies Amazon is destroying
5:06pThis is what should really worry you about stocks
5:04pBeware of the curse of the number 7 in the stock market 
5:00pS&P 500, Nasdaq post weekly gains as stock market finishes session lower
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,580.07

-31.71
-0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,387.75

-2.25
-0.04%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.54

-0.91
-0.04%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15


























































Smith Barry M in Portage, PA 15946 - ChamberofCommerce.com




   =     


        









Sign Up
Sign In
Contact Us


 














Search
 

near
 













Home
» Pennsylvania
» Portage
» Appliance Repair
» Smith Barry M













Smith Barry M


0 Reviews

0.0000 stars - based on 0 reviews
                            





624 Whiskey Springs Rd  Portage, Pennsylvania 15946


(814) 495-4783


 



 

Print |
                Save |
                Directions


About
Smith Barry M is located at the address 624 Whiskey Springs Rd in Portage, Pennsylvania 15946.  They can be contacted via phone at (814) 495-4783 for pricing, hours and directions.  Smith Barry M has an annual sales volume of 501K - 999,999.  .For more information contact Barry  Smith, OwnerFor maps and directions to Smith Barry M view the map to the right.  For reviews of Smith Barry M see below.










Information

CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (814) 495-4783
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Employee Size: 1 To 4
Exact Employee Count: 1
Exact Sales Volume: 53000
Location Type: Single Location
Sales Volume: 501K - 999,999
CATEGORIES:


Appliance Repair
Commercial & Industrial Equipment Repair
Tool & Die Manufacturing & Wholesale
Business, Industry & Agriculture
Repair & Maintenance
Manufacturing & Wholesale



Reviews

Add


You must Sign in to post reviews.





by  on 






Click here to be the first to review this business...



0 Reviews
 


Key Contacts




Barry  Smith
OWNER

 



 























 






Site Map
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
About
Partners
Chamber Partner Program
Chamber Member Benefits




Top Cities:
Atlanta
Bronx
Brooklyn
Chicago
Cleveland
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Phoenix
Saint Louis
San Antonio
San Diego
San Jose


© 2017 CHAMBEROFCOMMERCE.COM



















Barry M. Smith - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Barry M. Smith
Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board at Magellan Health, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Barry M. Smith? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Barry M. Smith's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Barry M. Smith's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Barry M. Smith's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Barry M. Smith through your network of contacts.
												








Barry M. Smith's Executive Work History


Current


Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board, 
Magellan Health, Inc.


Board Member, 
The Ensign Group, Inc.


Past
To view Barry M. Smith's complete executive work history, sign up now
Education


														 B.S., 
															University of Utah


Age
64

 
 


Barry M. Smith's Biography



Barry M. Smith has served as a member of our Board of Directors since 2014. He currently serves on the Board's compensation committee, nominating and corporate governance committee and the quality assurance and compliance committee. Mr. Smith has served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Magellan Health, Inc., the nation's largest provider of behavioral health services and a leading national provider of radiology benefit management services, specialty pharmacy and prescription benefit management services, since 2013. He founded and served as chairman, president and Chief Executive Officer of VistaCare, Inc., a national provider of hos ...
(Read More)

			Barry M. Smith has served as a member of our Board of Directors since 2014. He currently serves on the Board's compensation committee, nominating and corporate governance committee and the quality assurance and compliance committee. Mr. Smith has served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Magellan Health, Inc., the nation's largest provider of behavioral health services and a leading national provider of radiology benefit management services, specialty pharmacy and prescription benefit management services, since 2013. He founded and served as chairman, president and Chief Executive Officer of VistaCare, Inc., a national provider of hospice services, from 1996 to 2002, and he served as chairman of VistaCare in 2003. From 1990 through 1995, Mr. Smith served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Value Rx, Inc., which was then one of the country's largest pharmacy benefit management companies and, prior to that, served as vice president of operations for PCS Health Systems, also a pharmacy benefit management firm. We believe Mr. Smith's extensive experience as a proven and experienced leader in many healthcare businesses that are closely related to our businesses as well as his valuable strategic and other management insights support the conclusion that he should serve as one of our directors.
		
Source: The Ensign Group, Inc. on 04/12/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Barry M. Smith's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Barry M. Smith. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Barry M. Smith's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Barry M. Smith's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Barry M. Smith through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Barry M. Smith


















Barry M. Smith's Connections (72)





Sign up now to view Barry M. Smith's 72 connections »









Ronald A. Matricaria
Former Chairman of the Board, St. Jude Medical, Inc.









Karen S. Lynch
President, Aetna









Christopher R. Christensen
Dir., President and Chief Executive Officer, The Ensign Group, Inc.









Wayne B. Lowell
Board Member, TriNet Group, Inc.









Mark J. Brooks
Former Board Member, Alimera Sciences, Inc.









David W. Faeder
Board Member, Federal Realty Investment Trust









Mark L. Hilson
Former Board Member, Magellan Health, Inc.









Raju L. Mantena
Former President, ICORE Healthcare, LLC, Magellan Health, Inc.









Chad A. Keetch
Executive Vice President and Secretary, The Ensign Group, Inc.









Jonathan N. Rubin
Chief Financial Officer, Magellan Health, Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Jan Koum
Board Member, Facebook, Inc.









Philip L. Milstein
Board Member, The Marcus Corporation












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993
















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft






















Loading Your Search Results - PeopleLooker.com























Updating Data On {{nameize fn}}{{#if mi}} {{nameize mi}}{{/if}} {{nameize ln}} {{#validLocation city}}in {{city}}{{#validLocation state}},{{/validLocation}} {{/validLocation}}{{#validLocation state}}{{#unless city}}in {{/unless}}{{uppercase state}}{{/validLocation}}
Important! PeopleLooker uses real public records. The information may be surprising.












Less than 30 seconds remaining


Continue to Results 







Now
We look up all people named {{nameize fn}} {{nameize ln}}.




Next
You pick which one you're looking for.




Then
We search our database for info on them.




Hooray!
You get your report!












Where does {{nameize fn}}{{#if mi}} {{uppercase mi}}{{/if}} {{nameize ln}}
live?
Please help us narrow down your search











All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





I'm not sure














Please enter a full name
Please help us narrow down your search







First Name:

Please Enter First Name


Last Name:

Please Enter Last Name












































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.
























About.com Search - Find it now!
















about.com logo






























About Network WEB RESULTS


More Amazing Coincidences - True Stories - ThoughtCo



paranormal.about.com
Aug 31, 2016 ... Consider the experience of Barry Smith, who was attending a fancy dress ball at 
the behest of a friend. Before the dance he went with his friend ...
More »






The Top 10 Deadpan Comedians - ThoughtCo



comedians.about.com
Mar 24, 2017 ... Todd Barry. Photo by David A. Smith/Getty Images. Comic's comic Todd Barry 
hardly ever raises his voice for laughs, whether he's delivering ...
More »






History of Women on the Supreme Court - ThoughtCo



womensissues.about.com
Mar 7, 2017 ... Attorney General William French Smith submitted the names of four ... Law 
School) and the endorsement of Arizona Senator Barry Goldwater.
More »






What Crowdfunding platform will you use? Rewards or Equity based?



foodbeverage.about.com
Aug 6, 2016 ... Barry said We are a hybrid based Rewards Based and Equity Based ... 
Consulting) (see linked in: Barry M. Barovick, Elizabeth Smith Kulik).
More »








RELATED SEARCHES



Barry Smith of Cambridge MD






Barry Smith End Time Prophecies






Barry Smith Ministries






                        Mark of the Beast Verichip






                        Revelation TV






                        Illuminati






                        New World Order






                        Illuminati Symbols






MORE About Network WEB RESULTS


Why Coffee Doesn't Taste as Good as It Smells - ThoughtCo



chemistry.about.com
Feb 13, 2016 ... Professor Barry Smith of the Centre for the Study of the Senses at the University 
of London explains the primary reason coffee doesn't taste like ...
More »






Top Ten Running Backs of All Time - ThoughtCo



football.about.com
Dec 16, 2014 ... Emmitt Smith #22 of the Dallas Cowboys evades a tackle attempt by safety .... 
Detroit running back Barry Sanders #20 leaps over a fellow Lion ...
More »






The Boys Next Door, a Play by Tom Griffin - ThoughtCo



plays.about.com
Barry, on the other hand, really doesn't belong here in the first place. ... Lucien P. 
Smith: The character with the severest case of mental disability among the four ...
More »










1


                        2




                        3




                        4




                        5




                        6




                        7




                        8




                        9




                        10




                        Next »










RELATED SEARCHES



Barry Smith of Cambridge MD






Barry Smith End Time Prophecies






Barry Smith Ministries






                        Mark of the Beast Verichip






                        Revelation TV



















Advertise on About.com

 | 

Our Story

 | 

News & Events

 | 

Careers

 | 

SiteMap

 | 

All Topics

 | 

Reprints

 | 

Help

 | 

Write for About

 | 

User Agreement

 | 

Ethics Policy

 | 

Patent Info.

 | 

Privacy Policy

 | 

Your Ad Choices

 | 

© 2017 About.com. All rights reserved.



















                   Barry M - ShopStyle                      us        us       uk       fr       au       de       ca       jp       cn      Int'l Ship   Currency         Login   or   Signup                      Women       Bags       Shoes       Beauty       Jewelry       Men       Kids       Home      Blog       Featured Looks                Barry M   146 Products           Save This Search          Brands                        Stores                        Colors                Red      Orange      Yellow      Green      Blue      Purple      Pink      Black      White      Gray      Beige      Brown      Gold      Silver             Price                     Sales & Deals           Sales       On Sale        20%        30%        40%        50%        60%        70%        New today        New this week                Condition                  New        Preowned               Sort                 Relevance       Lowest Price       Highest Price       Most Popular       Most Favorites       Newest                     ×                 All   /     Women             Clothing   96      Bags   0      Shoes   10      Beauty   40                             Barry M Cosmetics Matte Me Up Lip Crayon, Make a Statement              Matte Me Up Lip Crayons are a handbag essential for every fashionista. In 5 catwalk-inspired shades, their creamy, velvet-matte texture glides on smoothly to provide a colour-packed finish.      $9.20                       Get Sale Alert                               Barry M Gelly Hi Shine Lips Crayon (Electra)              Made from high quality durable materials, this official brand product has been tried and tested to ensure it's up to scratch. Ideal as a gift or to treat someone special in your life.      $6.06                       Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping $40+          Barry M In The Glow Tahitian Body Oil              Fake Tan by Barry M, For a gradual natural-looking tan, Soothes and hydrates the skin, Tahetian Gardenia fragrance, Long-lasting formula, Exfoliate before use, To maintain, re-apply a couple of times a week. British cosmetics brand Barry M has built up a reputation of being one of the most colorful cosmetic brands. Placing a fun twist on their fashion led products, the range now comprises of over 400 shades in a selection of glitter, matte and gloss finishes.      $13                       Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping $40+          Barry M Loose Ready Set Smooth Finishing Powder              Finishing powder by Barry M, Matte finish, Loose powder texture, Brightens skin tone, Includes a branded applicator, Built-in mirror compact. British cosmetics brand Barry M has built up a reputation of being one of the most colorful cosmetic brands. Placing a fun twist on their fashion led products, the range now comprises of over 400 shades in a selection of glitter, matte and gloss finishes.      $9.50                       Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping $40+          Barry M That's How I Roll Curling Mascara              Curling mascara by Barry M, Specially designed brush, Curls and lifts lashes, Black mascara, Long lasting formula. British cosmetics brand Barry M has built up a reputation of being one of the most colorful cosmetic brands. Placing a fun twist on their fashion led products, the range now comprises of over 400 shades in a selection of glitter, matte and gloss finishes.      $8                       Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping $40+          Barry M It's A Brow Thing              Eyebrow powder by Barry M, Velvety smooth finish, Powdery texture, Fills in the gaps in your eyebrows, Brows will look fuller and more defined, Easy to apply and seamlessly blendable. British cosmetics brand Barry M has built up a reputation of being one of the most colorful cosmetic brands. Placing a fun twist on their fashion led products, the range now comprises of over 400 shades in a selection of glitter, matte and gloss finishes.      $8                       Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping $40+          Barry M Get Shapey Brow and Eyeshadow Tin              Brow and eyeshadow by Barry M, Matte finish, Powdery texture, Long-lasting color, Mirror included to ease application, Eight shades. British cosmetics brand Barry M has built up a reputation of being one of the most colorful cosmetic brands. Placing a fun twist on their fashion led products, the range now comprises of over 400 shades in a selection of glitter, matte and gloss finishes.      $10.50                       Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping $40+          Barry M Neptune Color Change Lip Paint              Lip paint by Barry M, Pigmented finish, Long-lasting color, Changes shade on contact with skin, Contrasting color packaging. British cosmetics brand Barry M has built up a reputation of being one of the most colorful cosmetic brands. Placing a fun twist on their fashion led products, the range now comprises of over 400 shades in a selection of glitter, matte and gloss finishes.      $8                       Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping $40+          Barry M Feeling Cheeky Sculpting Tin              Sculpting tin by Barry M, Matte finish, Powdery texture, Long-lasting color, Three shades, Includes mirror to ease application. British cosmetics brand Barry M has built up a reputation of being one of the most colorful cosmetic brands. Placing a fun twist on their fashion led products, the range now comprises of over 400 shades in a selection of glitter, matte and gloss finishes.      $10.50                       Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping $40+          Barry M Feautre Length Mascara              Mascara by Barry M, Designed to lengthen and define the lashes, Spiked wand. British cosmetics brand Barry M has built up a reputation of being one of the most colorful cosmetic brands. Placing a fun twist on their fashion led products, the range now comprises of over 400 shades in a selection of glitter, matte and gloss finishes.      $8                       Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping $40+          Barry M Chisel Cheeks Contour Cream Sticks              Contour cream set by Barry M, Cream stick finish, Two colors, Use the light shade to highlight the face, Use the dark shade to add shadows, Designed to create sculpted cheeks. British cosmetics brand Barry M has built up a reputation of being one of the most colorful cosmetic brands. Placing a fun twist on their fashion led products, the range now comprises of over 400 shades in a selection of glitter, matte and gloss finishes.      $13                       Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping $40+          Barry M Satin Super Slick Lip Paints              Lipstick by Barry M, Pigmented finish, Rich texture, Long-lasting color, Available in five colors, Apply all over the lips. British cosmetics brand Barry M has built up a reputation of being one of the most colorful cosmetic brands. Placing a fun twist on their fashion led products, the range now comprises of over 400 shades in a selection of glitter, matte and gloss finishes.      $9.50                       Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping $40+          Barry M Radiant Rod Highlighter Strobing Crayon              Radiant Rod Highlighter by Barry M, Smooth dewy finish, For a golden, radiant look, Use on clean skin or blend over makeup, Apply to the cheekbones for a glowing complexion. British cosmetics brand Barry M has built up a reputation of being one of the most colorful cosmetic brands. Placing a fun twist on their fashion led products, the range now comprises of over 400 shades in a selection of glitter, matte and gloss finishes.      $8                       Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping $40+          Barry M Liquid Eyeliner              Liquid eyeliner by Barry M, Highly pigmented formula, Super fine brush for easy application, Long-lasting waterproof finish, Create fine lines or thick flicks. British cosmetics brand Barry M has built up a reputation of being one of the most colorful cosmetic brands. Placing a fun twist on their fashion led products, the range now comprises of over 400 shades in a selection of glitter, matte and gloss finishes.      $8                       Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping $40+          Barry M After Glow Bronzer              After Glow Bronzer by Barry M, Lightweight powder texture, Instant color to lift the complexion, Dust on for a subtle glow, Layer for a deeper color, Apply to the areas where the sun would naturally hit. British cosmetics brand Barry M has built up a reputation of being one of the most colorful cosmetic brands. Placing a fun twist on their fashion led products, the range now comprises of over 400 shades in a selection of glitter, matte and gloss finishes.      $9.50                       Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping $40+          Barry M Glowmance Soft Focus Cream              Glowmance Soft Focus Cream by Barry M, A moisturizing complex and lightweight formula, Illuminates and brightens the skin to prime or refresh makeup, Can be used as a primer or highlighter. British cosmetics brand Barry M has built up a reputation of being one of the most colorful cosmetic brands. Placing a fun twist on their fashion led products, the range now comprises of over 400 shades in a selection of glitter, matte and gloss finishes.      $9.50                       Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping $40+          Barry M Satin Super Slick Lip Paint              Super Slick Lip Paint by Barry M, Formulated using Shea Butter Vitamin E, Creates a dewy finish, Intense color, Available in four shades. British cosmetics brand Barry M has built up a reputation of being one of the most colorful cosmetic brands. Placing a fun twist on their fashion led products, the range now comprises of over 400 shades in a selection of glitter, matte and gloss finishes.      $8.50        $8                 Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping $40+          Barry M Contour Cream Kit              Contour Cream Kit by Barry M, Provides the perfect tools to shape and define your natural bone structure, Smooth cream texture, The travel-sized palette includes a light tone to highlight, a bronzer to warm, and a darker tone to sculpt for a perfectly enhanced appearance, Compact case with mirror. British cosmetics brand Barry M has built up a reputation of being one of the most colorful cosmetic brands. Placing a fun twist on their fashion led products, the range now comprises of over 400 shades in a selection of glitter, matte and gloss finishes.      $13                       Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping $40+          Barry M Matte M Up Liquid Lip Paints              Matte Me Up Liquid Lip Paint by Barry M, Matte finish, Rich texture, Long-lasting color, Built-in applicator, Available in four shades. British cosmetics brand Barry M has built up a reputation of being one of the most colorful cosmetic brands. Placing a fun twist on their fashion led products, the range now comprises of over 400 shades in a selection of glitter, matte and gloss finishes.      $8                       Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping $40+          Barry M Matte Lip Paint - Black              Lipstick by Barry M, Moisturising lip paint, Matte finish, Rich pigmented and non-drying formula, Long-lasting color. British cosmetics brand Barry M has built up a reputation of being one of the most colorful cosmetic brands. Placing a fun twist on their fashion led products, the range now comprises of over 400 shades in a selection of glitter, matte and gloss finishes.      $8                       Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping $40+          Barry M Color Correcting Kit              Color Correcting Kit by Barry M, Corrects skin tones prone to redness, Sits gently on the skin to, Four tones, Compact mirror case. British cosmetics brand Barry M has built up a reputation of being one of the most colorful cosmetic brands. Placing a fun twist on their fashion led products, the range now comprises of over 400 shades in a selection of glitter, matte and gloss finishes.      $9.50                       Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping $40+          Barry M That's How I Roll Waterproof Mascara              Mascara by Barry M, Specially designed curved brush, Gently captures, lifts and rolls lashes upwards and outwards for ultimate volume, Waterproof, Shade black, Repeat the rolling action to build up the non-clumping formula for a defined look. British cosmetics brand Barry M has built up a reputation of being one of the most colorful cosmetic brands. Placing a fun twist on their fashion led products, the range now comprises of over 400 shades in a selection of glitter, matte and gloss finishes.      $8                       Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping $40+          Barry M Moisturising Lip Paints              Lip paint by Barry M, Silky, pigmented finish, Moisturising texture, Long-lasting color, Enriched with hydrating and nourishing Cocoa Butter, For a soft and saturated finish. British cosmetics brand Barry M has built up a reputation of being one of the most colorful cosmetic brands. Placing a fun twist on their fashion led products, the range now comprises of over 400 shades in a selection of glitter, matte and gloss finishes.      $8.50        $8                 Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping $40+          Barry M Matte Lip Paints              Lipstick by Barry M, Rich pigmented formula, Smooth texture, Vibrant color, Long-lasting color, Available in 17 shades. British cosmetics brand Barry M has built up a reputation of being one of the most colorful cosmetic brands. Placing a fun twist on their fashion led products, the range now comprises of over 400 shades in a selection of glitter, matte and gloss finishes.      $8                       Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping $40+          Barry M Brow Kit              Shape and Define brow kit by Barry M, Three b lendable powder shades, For a customised brow color, Mini tweezers with a slanted tip, Double-ended brow brush and mirror compact. British cosmetics brand Barry M has built up a reputation of being one of the most colorful cosmetic brands. Placing a fun twist on their fashion led products, the range now comprises of over 400 shades in a selection of glitter, matte and gloss finishes.      $10        $9.50                 Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping $40+          Barry M On Point Precision Eyeliner              This Blink liquid eyeliner is made by Barry M. The details include: a quick-dry, smudge-proof formula with a feathered felt tip for precision application. British cosmetics brand Barry M has built up a reputation of being one of the most colorful cosmetic brands. Placing a fun twist on their fashion led products, the range now comprises of over 400 shades in a selection of glitter, matte and gloss finishes.      $8                       Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping $40+          Barry M Brow Wow Eyebrow Pencil              Brow Wow eyebrow pen by Barry M, Shapes, fills and defines your brows, Double-ended design with brush, Chunky nib for full coverage, Apply light, feathery strokes for a natural finish, Available in two shades: Light/Medium and Medium/Dark. British cosmetics brand Barry M has built up a reputation of being one of the most colorful cosmetic brands. Placing a fun twist on their fashion led products, the range now comprises of over 400 shades in a selection of glitter, matte and gloss finishes.      $6.50                       Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping $40+          Barry M Smokin' Hot Shadow & Blush Palette              Eyeshadow and blush palette by Barry M, 6 eyeshadow colors, For a smokey eye, Matte and glitter shades, Coral shimmer blush, Twin satin-feel applicator brushes. British cosmetics brand Barry M has built up a reputation of being one of the most colorful cosmetic brands. Placing a fun twist on their fashion led products, the range now comprises of over 400 shades in a selection of glitter, matte and gloss finishes.      $10.50                       Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping $40+          Barry M Matte Oil Free Foundation 30g              Flawless Matte Finish oil free foundation by Barry M, Oil-free formula, Hydrating, moisturising finish, Easily blendable, Contains skin healing properties. British cosmetics brand Barry M has built up a reputation of being one of the most colorful cosmetic brands. Placing a fun twist on their fashion led products, the range now comprises of over 400 shades in a selection of glitter, matte and gloss finishes.      $9.50                       Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping $40+          Barry M Natural Glow Shadow & Blush Palette              Natural Glow eyeshadow and blush palette by Barry M, 6 eyeshadow colors, For a neautral look, Blendable matte and glitter shades, Matte blush, Twin satin-feel applicator brushes. British cosmetics brand Barry M has built up a reputation of being one of the most colorful cosmetic brands. Placing a fun twist on their fashion led products, the range now comprises of over 400 shades in a selection of glitter, matte and gloss finishes.      $10.50                       Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping $40+          Barry M Make Mist & Fix Dewy Finish Make Up Setting Spray 50ml              Setting spray by Barry M, Ultra-light setting spray with a dewy finish, Hydrates and conditions your skin while gently fixing your makeup for polished, long-lasting wear, Active ingredients protect your skin from dirt and pollution, After applying makeup, hold the bottle approximately 10 inches from your face and close your eyes, Spray face in a T shape to cover your forehead, nose and chin, Finally spray in an X shape, Size: 50ml. British cosmetics brand Barry M has built up a reputation of being one of the most colorful cosmetic brands. Placing a fun twist on their fashion led products, the range now comprises of over 400 shades in a selection of glitter, matte and gloss finishes.      $8                       Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping $40+          Barry M Contour Kit              Contour kit by Barry M, Sculpt and highlight trio, Soft texture, Easy to blend formula, Two darker shades to enhance definition, Lighter shade for highlights. British cosmetics brand Barry M has built up a reputation of being one of the most colorful cosmetic brands. Placing a fun twist on their fashion led products, the range now comprises of over 400 shades in a selection of glitter, matte and gloss finishes.      $11.50                       Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping $40+          Barry M Metallic Liquid Lip Kit              Liquid lip kit by Barry M, Liquid lip paint with matching lip liner, Long-lasting metallic color, Matte finish, Non-drying formula, Available in three shades. British cosmetics brand Barry M has built up a reputation of being one of the most colorful cosmetic brands. Placing a fun twist on their fashion led products, the range now comprises of over 400 shades in a selection of glitter, matte and gloss finishes.      $11.50                       Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping $40+          Barry M Color Correcting Wand              Color correcting wand by Barry M, Matte finish, Moisturising texture, Three varieties:, Yellow Removes dark circles, Green- Neutralises redness, Purple Brightens skin, Shaped applicator for easy application. British cosmetics brand Barry M has built up a reputation of being one of the most colorful cosmetic brands. Placing a fun twist on their fashion led products, the range now comprises of over 400 shades in a selection of glitter, matte and gloss finishes.      $7.50                       Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping $40+          Barry M Liquid Eyeliner              Liquid eyeliner by Barry M, Super-fine brush for easy and precise application, Quick-drying and smudge-proof formula, Perfect for creating flicks and fine lines, Comes in five shades. British cosmetics brand Barry M has built up a reputation of being one of the most colorful cosmetic brands. Placing a fun twist on their fashion led products, the range now comprises of over 400 shades in a selection of glitter, matte and gloss finishes.      $8                       Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping $40+          Barry M Lip Oil              Lip oil by Barry M, Sheer finish, Moisturising texture, Long-lasting color, Wand applicator for easy use, Two shades available. British cosmetics brand Barry M has built up a reputation of being one of the most colorful cosmetic brands. Placing a fun twist on their fashion led products, the range now comprises of over 400 shades in a selection of glitter, matte and gloss finishes.      $8                       Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping $40+          Barry M Strobe Cream              Illuminator by Barry M, Sheer finish, Cream texture, Long-lasting, Designed to illuminate the face and add a glow, Apply as a base or to your cheekbones, cupids bow and forehead, Four shades available. British cosmetics brand Barry M has built up a reputation of being one of the most colorful cosmetic brands. Placing a fun twist on their fashion led products, the range now comprises of over 400 shades in a selection of glitter, matte and gloss finishes.      $7.50                       Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping $40+          Barry M Cor Balmy Tinted Lip Balm              Cor Balmy lip balm by Barry M, Tinted, r ich moisturising formula, Revitalises the lips, Enriched with Vitamin E, jojoba oil and shea butter, SPF15 protection. British cosmetics brand Barry M has built up a reputation of being one of the most colorful cosmetic brands. Placing a fun twist on their fashion led products, the range now comprises of over 400 shades in a selection of glitter, matte and gloss finishes.      $6.50        $6                 Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping $40+          Barry M Matte Me Up Liquid Lip Kit              Liquid Lip Kit by Barry M, Matte Me Up Liquid Lip Paint, Matte finish, Long-lasting color, Non-drying formula, Comes with a matching lip liner for ultimate precision, Available in two shades: Go To and Runway. British cosmetics brand Barry M has built up a reputation of being one of the most colorful cosmetic brands. Placing a fun twist on their fashion led products, the range now comprises of over 400 shades in a selection of glitter, matte and gloss finishes.      $11.50                       Get Sale Alert                      Free Shipping $40+          Barry M Matte Lip Paints              Matte Lip Paint by Barry M, Matte finish, A richly vivid color finish in a range of bold and nude tones, Rich texture, Long-lasting color, Available in a range of six shades. British cosmetics brand Barry M has built up a reputation of being one of the most colorful cosmetic brands. Placing a fun twist on their fashion led products, the range now comprises of over 400 shades in a selection of glitter, matte and gloss finishes.      $8                       Get Sale Alert                                      Information   About  Advertising  Careers  Contact  FAQ    Partner   Affiliate Program  Partner With Us  Blog  Ebates    Shopping Guide   Brands  Terms (Updated 4/3/2017)  Privacy     Connect                    ©2017 ShopStyle Inc.  Popsugar Style • ShopStyle           