










 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version













Smith Affiliated Capital : Top Money Managers  



Smith Affiliated Capital Corp.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 4:20 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Smith Affiliated Capital Corp.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Smith Affiliated Capital Corp. is an employee owned investment manager. The firm also provides financial services. It provides its services to individuals, high net worth individuals, families, institutional investors, pension and profit sharing plans, endowments, healthcare institutions, charitable organizations, corporations, state or municipal government entities, taft-hartley clients, wrap accounts, and insurance companies. The firm manages separate client-focused equity and fixed income portfolios. It invests in public equity and fixed income markets across the globe. For its fixed income portfolios, the firm invests for short term and intermediate term durations and invests in securiti...
Smith Affiliated Capital Corp. is an employee owned investment manager. The firm also provides financial services. It provides its services to individuals, high net worth individuals, families, institutional investors, pension and profit sharing plans, endowments, healthcare institutions, charitable organizations, corporations, state or municipal government entities, taft-hartley clients, wrap accounts, and insurance companies. The firm manages separate client-focused equity and fixed income portfolios. It invests in public equity and fixed income markets across the globe. For its fixed income portfolios, the firm invests for short term and intermediate term durations and invests in securities issued by US government and municipal entities. It employs fundamental and quantitative analysis with a top-down and bottom-up approach to make its investments. The firm benchmarks the performance of its equity portfolios against the BC GCI and S&P 500 Index and the performance of its fixed income portfolios against the 90-Day US Treasury Bill and various Barclays Capital indices. It conducts in-house research to make its investments. Smith Affiliated Capital Corp. was founded in 1982 and is based in New York City.
Detailed Description


Wall Street Plaza88 Pine Street 5th FloorNew York, NY 10005United StatesFounded in 1982



Phone: 212-644-9440

Fax: 212-644-1979

www.smithcapital.com







Key Executives for Smith Affiliated Capital Corp.




Ms. Maria Elizabeth Smith-Breslin


      	Chief Executive Officer, Managing Director, and Member of the Board of Directors
      


Age: 59
        







Mr. Matthew Jenney Smith


      	President, Co-Chief Investment Officer and Portfolio Manager of Enhanced Fixed Investments
      


Age: 47
        







Dr. Robert G. Smith Ph.D., CFA


      	Founder and Chairman
      


Age: 85
        







Mr. John K. Smith


      	Chief Operating Officer, Chief Compliance Officer, and Director of Information Technology
      


Age: 63
        







Mr. Jiang Peng CFA


      	VP, Co-Chief Investment Officer and Portfolio Manager of Performance Analytics and Credit Research
      


Age: 45
        




Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Smith Affiliated Capital Corp., please visit www.smithcapital.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close







































Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.




Smith Affiliated Capital Corp.                                                                                           - New York                                          , NY         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



NY



New York



Investment Advice



Investment Advisory Service



                            Smith Affiliated Capital Corp.
                                    



 





















S 


Smith Affiliated Capital Corp.                                                                                          
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



88 PINE ST STE 500 NEW YORK, NY 10005
Get Directions



(212) 644-9440
www.smithcapital.com                                                                                    





Business Info



 Founded 1982
 Incorporated NY
 Annual Revenue $3,959,639.00
 Employee Count 16
 Industries Investment Advisory Service
 Contacts Robert G Smith                                                                                                          







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Smith Affiliated Capital Corp.                                                                                           was founded in 1982. The company is located in New York and incorporated in New York. Smith Affiliated Capital Corp.                                                                                           specializes in Investment Advisory Service. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







S

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















Jul 28, 2017 - Smith Affiliated Capital Corp. Buys Public Storage, SCE Trust V, PNC Financial Services Group Inc - GuruFocus.com 


















Jul 28, 2017 - Smith Affiliated Capital Corp. Buys Public Storage, SCE Trust V, PNC Financial Services Group Inc - GuruFocus.com Jul 28, 2017










Home




 Homepage


 Membership Levels


 Membership Data Coverage


 Complete Stock List


 Founder's Message


 The Book


 FREE Trial






Screeners


Value Screens 


 All-In-One Screener


 Industry Overview


 Ben Graham Net-Net


 Undervalued Predictable


 Buffett-Munger Screener


 Magic Formula (Greenblatt)


 Historical Low P/S List


 Historical Low P/B List


 Peter Lynch Screen


 High Short Interest


 52-Week/3Y/5Y Lows


 52-Week/3Y/5Y Highs


 Predictable Companies


 S&P 500 Grid


 Dividend Stocks


 Spin Off List




Downloads | Tools


  Excel Add-In GURUF


 Manual of Stocks™


 Download Financial Data


 Download Guru Portfolios


 Download Stock PDFs


 Download Insider Data


  API


 Mobile App




Strategies


 Performances


 Buffett-Munger


 Undervalued Predictable


 Low P/S


 Low P/B


 Broadest Owned


 Most Weighted






Gurus




 Latest Guru Picks


 Real Time Picks


 List of Gurus (Personalize)


 Gurus Portfolios


 Scoreboard


 Top 10 Holdings View


 Sector Picks


 International Picks


 Aggregated Portfolio


 Consensus Picks


 Guru Bargains


 Hot Picks


 Industry Trends


 Geographic Trend


 ETFs


 Options


 European Shorting






Insiders




 All Insiders


 CEO Buys/Sales


 CFO Buys/Sales


 Insider Cluster


 Guru+Insider Double Buys


 Triple Buys/Sales


 Insider Trends


 Canadian Insider


 Dutch Insider






Market


Market Valuation


 Economic Data


 Industry Overview


 Market-Cap/GDP Valuation


 Global Market Valuation


 Shiller P/E


 Shiller P/E By Sectors


 Buffett Assets Allocation




By Country


 USA


 Australia


 Canada


 China


 Germany


 India


 Japan


 UK


 More...






Articles


Articles


 Editor's Picks


 GuruFocus Research


 Value Ideas


 Interviews with Gurus


 Top Ranked


 Value Idea Contest


 Videos


 Following Authors




Submit Articles


 Writers Wanted


 Value Contest Winners


 Submit Articles Online


 My Articles






Conference




 Value Conference


 Speakers


 Location/Venue


 Register


 After Conference Gathering (Free Drinks)






Tutorials




 Tutorials & Webinars


 FAQ


 Contact Us






Log In




 Free Sign-up


 Log In


 7-Day Free Trial 






Subscribe




 Free Trial ($399/Year)


 Refer a Friend & Earn $50














Search
Compare

Search ▾










Get 7-Day Free Trial



My Portfolios▾
                        
Portfolios Overview
Create New Portfolio
Portfolio Contest


My Gurus▾
                        
Quick Browse
Personalize

My Gurus

Premium Gurus 
Premium Plus Investors 


























 How  to  use  GuruFocus  -  Tutorials
 What  Is  in  the  GuruFocus  Premium  Membership?
A DIY Guide on How to Invest Using Guru Strategies

 insiderArticles 
Bookmark

Print


Tweet















Bookmark Name:









			This page was added to your Bookmark.
		



Members Only. Please Sign Up or Log In first.




			Bookmark of this page has been deleted.
		



Smith Affiliated Capital Corp. Buys Public Storage, SCE Trust V, PNC Financial Services Group IncJuly 28, 2017 |  About: 
MUX  +0%
PSAPRV  +0%
SCEPRK  +0%
PNCPRQ  +0%
SCHWPRC  +0%
VZA  +0%
NLYPRE  +0% 



Investment company Smith Affiliated Capital Corp. buys Public Storage, SCE Trust V, PNC Financial Services Group Inc, Charles Schwab Corp, Verizon Communications Inc, Annaly Capital Management Inc, US Bancorp, Wheaton Precious Metals Corp, McEwen Mining Inc, Navios Maritime Partners LP during the 3-months ended 2017-06-30, according to the most recent filings of the investment company, Smith Affiliated Capital Corp.. As of 2017-06-30, Smith Affiliated Capital Corp. owns 101 stocks with a total value of $71 million.  These are the details of the buys and sells.New Purchases: PSAPRV, SCEPRK, PNCPRQ, SCHWPRC, VZA, NLYPRE, USBPRM, WPM, NMM, Added Positions: PHYS, IWB, MUX, GOLD, NEM, Warning! GuruFocus has detected 2 Warning Signs with MUX. Click here to check it out. 
MUX 30-Year Financial DataThe intrinsic value of MUXPeter Lynch Chart of MUXFor the details of Smith Affiliated Capital Corp.'s stock buys and sells, go to http://www.gurufocus.com/StockBuy.php?GuruName=Smith+Affiliated+Capital+Corp.These are the top 5 holdings of Smith Affiliated Capital Corp.Central Fund of Canada Ltd (CEF) - 4,584,054 shares, 79.18% of the total portfolio.  Shares added by 0.08%Sprott Physical Gold Trust ETV (PHYS) - 355,310 shares, 5.04% of the total portfolio.  Shares added by 1.85%iShares Russell 1000 (IWB) - 10,219 shares, 1.94% of the total portfolio.  Shares added by 4.25%Public Storage (PSAPRV) - 41,600 shares, 1.47% of the total portfolio.  New PositionSCE Trust V (SCEPRK) - 22,300 shares, 0.9% of the total portfolio.  New PositionNew Purchase: Public Storage (PSAPRV)Smith Affiliated Capital Corp. initiated holdings in  Public Storage.  The purchase prices were between $24.61 and $25.4, with an estimated average price of $25.1.   The stock is now traded at around $25.35. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 1.47%. The holdings were 41,600 shares as of 2017-06-30. New Purchase: SCE Trust V (SCEPRK)Smith Affiliated Capital Corp. initiated holdings in  SCE Trust V.  The purchase prices were between $27.08 and $29.31, with an estimated average price of $28.55.   The stock is now traded at around $29.28. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.9%. The holdings were 22,300 shares as of 2017-06-30. New Purchase: PNC Financial Services Group Inc (PNCPRQ)Smith Affiliated Capital Corp. initiated holdings in  PNC Financial Services Group Inc.  The purchase prices were between $24.93 and $25.61, with an estimated average price of $25.27.   The stock is now traded at around $25.71. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.61%. The holdings were 17,000 shares as of 2017-06-30. New Purchase: Charles Schwab Corp (SCHWPRC)Smith Affiliated Capital Corp. initiated holdings in  Charles Schwab Corp.  The purchase prices were between $26.68 and $27.79, with an estimated average price of $27.36.   The stock is now traded at around $27.54. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.35%. The holdings were 9,200 shares as of 2017-06-30. New Purchase: Verizon Communications Inc (VZA)Smith Affiliated Capital Corp. initiated holdings in  Verizon Communications Inc.  The purchase prices were between $26.4 and $26.98, with an estimated average price of $26.74.   The stock is now traded at around $26.71. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.27%. The holdings were 7,200 shares as of 2017-06-30. New Purchase: Annaly Capital Management Inc (NLYPRE)Smith Affiliated Capital Corp. initiated holdings in  Annaly Capital Management Inc.  The purchase prices were between $25.15 and $25.8, with an estimated average price of $25.48.   The stock is now traded at around $25.44. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.18%. The holdings were 5,000 shares as of 2017-06-30. Added: McEwen Mining Inc (MUX)Smith Affiliated Capital Corp. added to the holdings in  McEwen Mining Inc by 29.93%.  The purchase prices were between $2.52 and $3.29, with an estimated average price of $2.85.   The stock is now traded at around $2.63. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.04%. The holdings were 51,971 shares as of 2017-06-30. Here is the complete portfolio of Smith Affiliated Capital Corp.. Also check out:
1. Smith Affiliated Capital Corp.'s Undervalued Stocks
2. Smith Affiliated Capital Corp.'s Top Growth Companies, and
3. Smith Affiliated Capital Corp.'s High Yield stocks
4. Stocks that Smith Affiliated Capital Corp. keeps buying







  Currently 0.00/512345  Rating:  0.0/5 (0 votes)  


Subscribe
            via Email
Subscribe RSS





Comments


Please leave your comment:






More GuruFocus Links



Latest Guru Picks
Value Strategies


Warren Buffett Portfolio
Ben Graham Net-Net


Real Time Picks
Buffett-Munger Screener


Aggregated Portfolio
Undervalued Predictable


ETFs, Options
Low P/S Companies


Insider Trends
10-Year Financials


52-Week Lows
Interactive Charts


Model Portfolios
DCF Calculator


RSS Feed 
Monthly Newsletters


The  All-In-One Screener
Portfolio Tracking Tool










                        GuruFocus has detected 2 Warning Signs with McEwen Mining Inc $MUX.                    

                        More than 500,000 people have already joined GuruFocus to track the stocks they follow and exchange investment ideas.
                    





















→Performances of the stocks mentioned by  insider




→User
            Generated Screeners

rharmelinkDividend Champions with WeeklyzebulonminStandardsrael22226pbarker46Big dividend stockshsaabJulyrael222212rael222211liuzishuknown guru 12DBrizangordongwth 28Jul2017liuzishuconc&low turn guru

→MUX Price Chart





$2.63 (1y: -38%)







 













Select portfolio(s):








                        Create a new portfolio



Why you are interested?



            Your selection and notes will be stored in your portfolio.
        


Login to add portfolio















Get WordPress Plugins for easy affiliate links on Stock Tickers and Guru Names
                    | Earn affiliate commissions by embedding GuruFocus Charts

                                                GuruFocus Affiliate Program: Earn up to $400 per referral.  ( Learn More) 













Home  About   Jobs    Advertise    Site Map    Term of Use    Privacy Policy     RSS    Mobile App     Email Alerts    Referral Program    Affiliate Program    FAQ    Contact Us
                               

                © 2004-2017                GuruFocus.com, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
            


                    Disclaimers: GuruFocus.com is not operated by a broker, a dealer, or a registered investment adviser. Under no circumstances does any information posted on GuruFocus.com represent a recommendation to buy or sell a security. The information on this site, and in its related newsletters, is not intended to be, nor does it constitute, investment advice or recommendations. The gurus may buy and sell securities before and after any particular article and report and information herein is published, with respect to the securities discussed in any article and report posted herein. In no event shall GuruFocus.com be liable to any member, guest or third party for any damages of any kind arising out of the use of any content or other material published or available on GuruFocus.com, or relating to the use of, or inability to use, GuruFocus.com or any content, including, without limitation, any investment losses, lost profits, lost opportunity, special, incidental, indirect, consequential or punitive damages. Past performance is a poor indicator of future performance. The information on this site, and in its related newsletters, is not intended to be, nor does it constitute, investment advice or recommendations. The information on this site is in no way guaranteed for completeness, accuracy or in any other way. The gurus listed in this website are not affiliated with GuruFocus.com, LLC.



                    Stock quotes provided by InterActive Data. Fundamental company data provided by Morningstar, updated daily.

















GF Chat {{numOfNotice}}




























×
Manage BookMarks





Close








FEEDBACK


















Smith Affiliated Capital Corp. | Wealthminder











































Smith Affiliated Capital Corp.


Smith Affiliated Capital Corp.
(CRD# 107675) is a financial advisory firm headquartered in
New York, NY.
They
manage $2,484,717,960 in 163 accounts and
serve the financial needs of clients across 6 states (or territories).




Current Firm Details



Smith Affiliated Capital Corp.




88 Pine Street, 5th Floor,
New York,
NY
10005
212-644-9440
http://www.smithcapital.com




http://www.smithcapital.com







By the Numbers






Total Assets Under Management

2,485
MILLION



Total Number of Accounts

163
ACCOUNTS



Average Account Value

$15,243,668







Compensation Options




Fixed fees (other than subscription fees)






Advisory Services Offered




Portfolio management for individuals and/or small businesses
Portfolio management for businesses (other than small businesses) or institutional clients








Types of Clients










Registered States






Registered Investment Advisor


Advisors affiliated with a RIA are permitted to work with up to five clients in nearly-all states* without explicit registration. The map below shows states where this firm has explicit registration only.




CA, CT, FL, LA, NY, TX






Financial Advisors at Smith Affiliated Capital Corp.




Showing 1 - 1 of 1 top financial advisors.





1















Thomas J. Winters



CRD#:
2148901



88 Pine Street, 5th Floor,
New York,
NY
10005




93

Wealthminder
score








Thomas Winters (CRD# 2148901) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Smith Affiliated Capital Corp. in New York, NY and has 
over 26 years
of experience in the finance industry.













Our primary data source is public filings of Form ADV as published by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and made available in accordance with the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). Supplementary information may be provided by listed advisors or their representatives.
Because many firms provide a variety of products or services, an individual may or may not be registered to operate under all services provided by the firm.Do not rely solely on the information on this page. The information may be inaccurate, incomplete or outdated. For the most accurate and up-to-date information, please search for the firm or individual on the SEC site at
http://www.adviserinfo.sec.gov/IAPD/Content/Search/iapd_Search.aspx







Ready to hire a financial advisor?

Get competitive proposals from multiple advisors.

















Request Proposals























Timeout!



You have been idle and will be logged out in

seconds.


Stay Logged In
Log Out Now



















SMITH AFFILIATED CAPITAL CORP, New York, New York, NY 10022-7601














Join
or
Sign In





Toggle





All Contractors
By Category
By State


Government Contractors > SMITH AFFILIATED CAPITAL CORP



SMITH AFFILIATED CAPITAL CORPNew York, New York



(212) 644-9440
800 3rd Ave 12th Floor
New York, NY 10022-7601
Fax:212-644-1979Company Website


Products & Services
fixed income, advisory, taxable, tax-exempt,active, municipal, pension funds, public funds, foundations, endowments, quality bonds
Keywords


Active.
Advisory
Endowments
Fixed Income
Foundations


Municipal
Pension Funds
Quality
Tax-exempt
Taxable


NAICS Code(s)


523920Portfolio Management





Expand Map


Website Links: SMITH AFFILIATED CAPITAL CORP


Smith Affiliated Capital Corp
The Washington Post
Market Watch
Merrill Lynch 1-3 Year...
Cnnmoney.com
Reuters
"the Leverage Destroyer"
Cashplus
Forbes.com Streettalk
Disclosure Statements.
Www.adviserinfo.sec.gov
91-day T-bill Index




Found any discrepancies in your company profile?
Request to update/remove the information







Company Information


Company Name:
SMITH AFFILIATED CAPITAL CORP
Address:800 3rd Ave 12th FloorCity:New YorkState:New YorkZip Code:10022-7601Phone:212-644-9440Fax:212-644-1979Contact Person:ROBERT G. SMITHContact Title:Vice President for Business DevelopmentLegal Structure:CorporationYear Established:1982Business Type:
Service (100 %)Certification Type:Small Disadvantaged Business, Ownership:
Hispanic American Veteran



See Also

WHITESTONE CAPITAL GROUP INC  New York,  Ny
Whitestone is a Self Certified Small Disadvantaged Business and is a Minority Owned investment banking firm.Whitestone?? core competencies include PFA 


LANDAIR, INC.  New York,  Ny
Full real estate & project management,  consulting,  transaction & portfolio analysis for over $2B & 15 years of managed projects 


PALADIN ADVISORS, LLC  New York,  Ny
Asset management,  advisory & valuation services,  structured finance portfolios,  asset valuation metrics,  disposition & liquidation strategies,  mortgage back securities,  verification 


AQUA INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT, LLC  New York,  Ny
Provides a full range of commercial mortgage debt and securities services,  including deal sourcing,  commercial mortgage loan & securities underwriting,  


ASG MORTGAGE SERVICES INC  New York,  Ny
Mortgage and consumer loan advisory,  due diligence,  operational support.










Home
About USAOPPS
USAOPPS BID
Pricing
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Local Sites



© 2015 USAOPPS.com. All rights reserved.








Smith Affiliated Capital - Home




















 

 






  






 

 



















  >  Fixed Income Approach: Taxable Strategies







CashPlus 

Low Duration Fixed Income 

Intermediate Fixed Income 

Intermediate Government


Core Fixed Income 

Core Government 



  


 CashPlus Objectives

										 - The strategy seeks to outperform the 90-Day US Treasury Bill by up to 50 basis points 										    on a net-of-fee basis over a 5-year market cycle
										 - Provides a high degree of liquidity with an asset allocation heavily weighted in short-term,
										    investment-grade fixed income securities
									 - Asset allocation is driven by a two-tier approach: a "top-down" view of global markets 

										    followed by SAC's qualitative and quantitative "bottom-up" approach
more >

 Low Duration Fixed Income Objectives

										 
- The strategy seeks to provide a stable income stream, principal protection, and to out-perform
 
										  
  market-weighted inflation on a risk-adjusted total return basis vs. the relevant benchmark.

										 
- Provides a high degree of liquidity with an asset allocation heavily weighted in high quality 

										  
  fixed income securities.

										 
- Asset allocation is driven by a two-tier approach: a "top-down" view of global markets 
 


  followed by SAC's qualitative and quantitative "bottom-up" approach.

more >

 Intermediate Fixed Income Objectives

										 - The strategy seeks to provide a stable income stream, principal protection, and to out-perform  
										    market-weighted inflation on a risk-adjusted total return basis vs. the relevant benchmark

										 - Provides a high degree of liquidity with an asset allocation heavily weighted in high quality fixed
										    income securities

										 - Asset allocation is driven by a two-tier approach: a "top-down" view of global markets  followed
										    by SAC's qualitative and quantitative "bottom-up" approach

more >  

 Intermediate Government Objectives

										 - The strategy seeks to provide a stable income stream, principal protection, and to out-perform  
										    market-weighted inflation on a risk-adjusted total return basis vs. the relevant benchmark

	
 - The strategy is designed for clients whose policies limit them to US Government securities
										  									 - Provides a high degree of liquidity with an asset allocation heavily weighted in high quality fixed
										    income securities

										 - Asset allocation is driven by a two-tier approach: a "top-down" view of global markets  followed
										    by SAC's qualitative and quantitative "bottom-up" approach

more >  

 Core Fixed Income Objectives

										 - The strategy seeks to provide a stable income stream, principal protection, and to out-perform  
										    market-weighted inflation on a risk-adjusted total return basis vs. the relevant benchmark

										 - Provides a high degree of liquidity with an asset allocation heavily weighted in high quality fixed
										    income securities

										 - Asset allocation is driven by a two-tier approach: a "top-down" view of global markets  followed
										    by SAC's qualitative and quantitative "bottom-up" approach

more >  

 Core Government Objectives

										 - The strategy seeks to provide a stable income stream, principal protection, and to out-perform  
										    market-weighted inflation on a risk-adjusted total return basis vs. the relevant benchmark

	
 - The strategy is designed for clients whose policies limit them to US Government securities
										  									 - Provides a high degree of liquidity with an asset allocation heavily weighted in high quality fixed
										    income securities

										 - Asset allocation is driven by a two-tier approach: a "top-down" view of global markets  followed
										    by SAC's qualitative and quantitative "bottom-up" approach

more >   







   >  Fixed Income Approach: Tax-Exempt Strategies







Short Municipal


Limited Duration Municipal


Core Municipal



  


 Short Municipal Objectives

																 - The strategy seeks to provide a stable income stream, principal protection, and to out-perform 
										    market-weighted inflation on a risk-adjusted total return basis vs. the relevant benchmark.

										 - Provides a high degree of liquidity with an asset allocation heavily weighted in high quality 
										    fixed income securities.
 

										 - Asset allocation is driven by a two-tier approach: a "top-down" view of global markets 
								    followed by SAC's qualitative and quantitative "bottom-up" approach.

more >  

 Limited Duration Municipal Objectives

																 - The strategy provides after-tax stable income and principal protection on a risk-adjusted 
										    total return basis vs. the relevant composite benchmark.
										 - Provides a high degree of liquidity with an asset allocation weighted in short-term 
										    investment-grade fixed income  securities.
  
										 - Asset allocation is driven by a two-tier approach: a "top-down" view of global markets 
								    followed by SAC's qualitative and quantitative "bottom-up" approach.

more >  

 Core Municipal Objectives

																 - The strategy provides after-tax stable income and principal protection. 

																			 - Provides a high degree of liquidity with an asset allocation weighted in high quality securities.

										  									 - Asset allocation is driven by a two-tier approach: a "top-down" view of global markets 
								    followed by SAC's qualitative and quantitative "bottom-up" approach.

more >  








   >  Equity Approach







Enhanced Fixed Income 


  


 Enhanced Fixed Income Objectives

																 - Seeks to provide principal protection and an opportunity for long-term capital 
										    appreciation
										 - Allows investors to diversify their portfolios into high-quality fixed income, international 
										    equities, commodities, and forex of investment opportunities all over the world
 
										 - By opening up the equity universe of stocks globally, clients may diversify their portfolios
								    by gaining exposure to companies and industries not represented in the US markets
 - Provides a high degree of liquidity with an asset allocation heavily weighted in 

								    investment-grade fixed income securities
more >  









 










SECOND QUARTER 2017 INVESTMENT COMMENTARY - Weak "Hard" Economic Data Will Puncture The Reflation Trade and Restrain Bond Yields..."
> 100 Days of Strife
> Yawning Gap Between Hard and Soft Drivers
> The Economy is Bereft of Growth Drivers
> More Subpar Growth and Volatile Geopolitical Backdrop Will Restrain Bond Yields
< Read Full Version >








"SAC Observations on Trump's Opening Tax Cut Proposal" -  The White House unveiled a tax cut proposal yesterday in advance of Trumps 100-day anniversary on April 29th. The document was only 250 words long and largely devoid of details. It was a one page proposal of bullet points encompassing all of his campaign promises. In addition, none of the comments mentioned any scoring by Office of Management and Budgets or the Congressional Budget Office.
 With that said, it is impossible to analyze the plan which covers both corporate and individuals in any detail at this time.  However, for individual municipal bond investors, the plan as proposed appears to be most favorable for tax-free bonds.  Our observations relate only to that aspect at this point, with no estimate of the final outcome or its impact on economic activity over the longer term.
The top marginal tax rate of 39.6% is being cut to 35% and the Obama medical device tax of 3.8% is being eliminated. While rates have dropped, so have the eliminated deductions offsetting the rate drops. It will double the standard deduction while eliminating most tax breaks including interest expense, and state and local taxes but excluding mortgage interest and charitable deductions. The alternative minimum tax bond restriction will be removed and the tax-free income of municipal bonds was not mentioned.
For residents of high tax states, the plan as proposed would make the hurdle for the out-of-state breakeven higher, as the state tax on out of state bonds would no longer be deductible, thus raising the state effective tax rate to the nominal rate.
We will continue to monitor the tax plan as it unfolds and provide an assessment on how the fiscal policy changes may affect your investments in the future. Please dont hesitate to contact us should you have any questions going forward.







 Municipal Market Update - California Utilities 
           The California water utility universe is diverse both in size 
           and  scope,  ranging  from  state  agencies  which  provide 
           statewide infrastructure to facilitate delivery and storage, 
           to  both  regional  and  local  entities  which  deliver  it  to 
           intermediate  or  final  customers.  Many  of  these  credits 
           also  operate  electric  utilities  and  issue  bonds  backed  by 
           both  or  either  revenue  stream.  In  addition,  wastewater 
           treatment  facilities  are  sometimes  funded  by  bonds 
           backed  solely  by  sewer  fee  revenue.  Utility  credits,  in 
           general,  have  traditionally  been  considered  very  safe  by 
           the  nature of  their  near monopoly  status,  essentiality  of 
           service,  and  ability  to  raise  rates.  In  this  context,  water 
           has  been  considered  the  marginally  better  credit  as  it  is 
           more  essential,  is  less  subject  to  competition,  and  has 
           fewer  impediments to  raising  rates.  Bonds  issued  by  the 
           same agency backed solely by the electric revenue stream
           are usually rated one to two levels lower as a result.<Read Commentary>







  







 
Smith Affiliated Capital 2016 ADV

- March 31, 2017






 


"SIgns and Symptoms"
- April, 2017

"March: A Microcosm of 2017"
- March, 2017

 "Trump and Fed Speak Dominate Media"
  - February, 2017









