    Steve Smits: Business Profiles | ZoomInfo.com

 Steve Smits hired as Senior VP of Sales and Marketing for Zebco Brands : The Outdoor Wire 









SUBSCRIPTION    
						SUBMIT RELEASES    
						ADVERTISE    
						ARCHIVES    
						CONTACT    

						      
						      
						     
						     
						     

						








Thursday, September 19, 2013

						Steve Smits hired as Senior VP of Sales and Marketing for Zebco Brands   TULSA, Okla., - Steve Smits was helping guide a billion dollar business in the coffee industry; yes, billion with a B. The world was, and still is, consuming a boatload of K-Cups. His career was in a highly admirable place. But there was one problem - it wasn't the fishing industry.

His heart knew that, and so did his wife Mary and teenage children Tyler and Jordan. So, when a career recruiter called Smits about a leadership position at Zebco - he answered. "I was absolutely grateful for the goodness of my career, but coffee wasn't a passion business for me. Fishing is," explains Smits, who was recently named Senior Vice President of Sales and Marketing for The Zebco Brands.

"I have a wonderful wife and two great teenage children, and they knew how much I loved the fishing industry," says Smits. "So when the opportunity came to fruition at Zebco, they were truly excited because they knew that while a fast expanding coffee industry has a cool factor about it - fishing is what made me happiest," added the University of Iowa grad.

He speaks in past tense, because this is by no means his first experience managing rod, reel and line brands. For more than seven years, the Iowa native worked in high-ranking positions at Pure Fishing.

Smits also spent time working for Procter & Gamble, and credits those years as the basis for his knowledge of successful business.  "I learned to be respectful to others, disciplined, to have a clear vision - and above all, the importance of listening to consumers needs. Build products to meet their needs, and you'll be successful."

Looking forward, Smits says he's most excited about the strength of the Zebco family of brands. "We have great brands - really great brands! Plus, we have people here that have years of collective wisdom, and a commitment to delivering great products to support our brands, customers and anglers."

Few, if any, fishing brands are more iconic than the push-button family of Zebco spincast reels. Smits sees a responsibility to better utilize the legendary "33", and other easy-to-use models, to drive increased participation in fishing.

"My family and I are outdoors people. We love to hike, ski, go whitewater rafting, and fish - and it's deeply rewarding to be serving a company that's in a position to attract others to fishing," concluded Smits, as a book titled "The Learning of Love - A Journey toward Servant Leadership" written by former W.C. Bradley CEO, Bill Turner rested on the left side of his desk.

And to the right side of his desk, you guessed it, a travel mug full of coffee.

###

Media Contact: John Kushnerick
John.Kushnerick@Zebco.com
 




THE OUTDOOR WIRE DIGITAL NETWORK > 
THE FISHING WIRE : 
						THE SHOOTING WIRE : 
						THE TACTICAL WIRE : 
						THE DEALER WIRE


						© Copyright 2017 The Outdoor Wire Digital Network. All Rights Reserved.
					










Steve Smits hired as Senior VP of Sales and Marketing for Zebco Brands - Fishing Tackle Retailer
 
























































































Written by FTR Staff 





Steve Smits hired as Senior VP of Sales and Marketing for Zebco Brands






 September 19, 2013|
 Industry News|

  
Views: 15 




TULSA, Okla., – Steve Smits was helping guide a billion dollar business in the coffee industry; yes, billion with a B. The world was, and still is, consuming a boatload of K-Cups. His career was in a highly admirable place. But there was one problem – it wasn’t the fishing industry.
His heart knew that, and so did his wife Mary and teenage children Tyler and Jordan. So, when a career recruiter called Smits about a leadership position at Zebco – he answered.  “I was absolutely grateful for the goodness of my career, but coffee wasn’t a passion business for me. Fishing is,” explains Smits, who was recently named Senior Vice President of Sales and Marketing for The Zebco Brands.
“I have a wonderful wife and two great teenage children, and they knew how much I loved the fishing industry,” says Smits. “So when the opportunity came to fruition at Zebco, they were truly excited because they knew that while a fast expanding coffee industry has a cool factor about it – fishing is what made me happiest,” added the University of Iowa grad.
He speaks in past tense, because this is by no means his first experience managing rod, reel and line brands. For more than seven years, the Iowa native worked in high-ranking positions at Pure Fishing.
Smits also spent time working for Procter & Gamble, and credits those years as the basis for his knowledge of successful business. “I learned to be respectful to others, disciplined, to have a clear vision – and above all, the importance of listening to consumers needs. Build products to meet their needs, and you’ll be successful.”
Looking forward, Smits says he’s most excited about the strength of the Zebco family of brands. “We have great brands – really great brands! Plus, we have people here that have years of collective wisdom, and a commitment to delivering great products to support our brands, customers and anglers.”
Few, if any, fishing brands are more iconic than the push-button family of Zebco spincast reels. Smits sees a responsibility to better utilize the legendary “33”, and other easy-to-use models, to drive increased participation in fishing.
“My family and I are outdoors people. We love to hike, ski, go whitewater rafting, and fish – and it’s deeply rewarding to be serving a company that’s in a position to attract others to fishing,” concluded Smits, as a book titled “The Learning of Love – A Journey toward Servant Leadership” written by former W.C. Bradley CEO, Bill Turner rested on the left side of his desk.
And to the right side of his desk, you guessed it, a travel mug full of coffee.



 
Hi there, did you know? Each week, we curate a list of the Top 5 stories in fishing and send them right to your inbox. Reading Tackle’s Top 5 is one of the best ways to become or remain an industry expert.

-Joe Sills, Digital Editor








Last modified: September 19, 2013
 



 












© Fishing Tackle Retailer 2017 























































Steve Smits hired as Senior VP of Sales and Marketing for Zebco Brands | Westernbass.com











































Steve Smits hired as Senior VP of Sales and Marketing for Zebco Brands




							9/23/2013
						








TULSA, Okla., - Steve Smits was helping
guide a billion dollar business in the coffee industry; yes, billion with a B.
The world was, and still is, consuming a boatload of K-Cups. His career was in
a highly admirable place. But there was one problem - it wasn't the fishing
industry.

His heart knew that, and so did his wife Mary and teenage children Tyler and
Jordan. So, when a career recruiter called Smits about a leadership position at
Zebco - he answered. "I was absolutely grateful for the goodness of my
career, but coffee wasn't a passion business for me. Fishing is," explains
Smits, who was recently named Senior Vice President of Sales and Marketing for
The Zebco Brands.

"I have a wonderful wife and two great teenage children, and they knew how
much I loved the fishing industry," says Smits. "So when the
opportunity came to fruition at Zebco, they were truly excited because they
knew that while a fast expanding coffee industry has a cool factor about it -
fishing is what made me happiest," added the University of Iowa grad.

He speaks in past tense, because this is by no means his first experience
managing rod, reel and line brands. For more than seven years, the Iowa native
worked in high-ranking positions at Pure Fishing.

Smits also spent time working for Procter & Gamble, and credits those years
as the basis for his knowledge of successful business. "I learned to be
respectful to others, disciplined, to have a clear vision - and above all, the
importance of listening to consumers needs. Build products to meet their needs,
and you'll be successful."

Looking forward, Smits says he's most excited about the strength of the Zebco
family of brands. "We have great brands - really great brands! Plus, we
have people here that have years of collective wisdom, and a commitment to
delivering great products to support our brands, customers and anglers."

Few, if any, fishing brands are more iconic than the push-button family of
Zebco spincast reels. Smits sees a responsibility to
better utilize the legendary "33", and other easy-to-use models, to
drive increased participation in fishing.

"My family and I are outdoors people. We love to hike, ski, go whitewater
rafting, and fish - and it's deeply rewarding to be serving a company that's in
a position to attract others to fishing," concluded Smits, as a book
titled "The Learning of Love - A Journey toward Servant Leadership"
written by former W.C. Bradley CEO, Bill Turner rested on the left side of his
desk.

And to the right side of his desk, you guessed it, a travel mug full of coffee










About Westernbass.com

Advertising
Sponsors
Privacy
Contact





Tags






WesternBass





						Copyright © 2013-2017 WesternBass.com ®






 
 




×
Notice




Close






Login



					Welcome 




Account

Logout
















 























Smits hired as Senior VP of Sales and Marketing for Zebco Brands | Bassmaster














































Skip to main content















 



    Bassmaster  























            Enter a keyword          







 


 




























Bassmaster Elite at Champlain presented by Dick Cepek Tires & Wheels
Live Now!

      Lake Champlain, Plattsburgh, NY    
July 27 ~ 30, 2017

LeaderboardBASSTrakk
Attend
Lake Map
Weigh-ins begin 3:15pm ET
LIVE - Sat. 7am-10am, 11:30am-2:30pm ET
BassCam
Photos
Blog
 




 
















 






Smits hired as Senior VP of Sales and Marketing for Zebco Brands








 







stevesmitts2.jpeg

 

TULSA, Okla. — Steve Smits was helping guide a billion dollar business in the coffee industry; yes, billion with a B. The world was, and still is, consuming a boatload of K-Cups. His career was in a highly admirable place. But there was one problem – it wasn’t the fishing industry.
His heart knew that, and so did his wife Mary and teenage children Tyler and Jordan. So, when a career recruiter called Smits about a leadership position at Zebco – he answered.
“I was absolutely grateful for the goodness of my career, but coffee wasn’t a passion business for me. Fishing is,” explains Smits, who was recently named Senior Vice President of Sales and Marketing for The Zebco Brands.
“I have a wonderful wife and two great teenage children, and they knew how much I loved the fishing industry,” says Smits. “So when the opportunity came to fruition at Zebco, they were truly excited because they knew that while a fast expanding coffee industry has a cool factor about it – fishing is what made me happiest,” added the University of Iowa grad.
He speaks in past tense, because this is by no means his first experience managing rod, reel and line brands. For more than seven years, the Iowa native worked in high-ranking positions at Pure Fishing.
Smits also spent time working for Procter & Gamble, and credits those years as the basis for his knowledge of successful business.  “I learned to be respectful to others, disciplined, to have a clear vision – and above all, the importance of listening to consumers needs. Build products to meet their needs, and you’ll be successful.”
Looking forward, Smits says he’s most excited about the strength of the Zebco family of brands. “We have great brands - really great brands! Plus, we have people here that have years of collective wisdom, and a commitment to delivering great products to support our brands, customers and anglers.”
Few, if any, fishing brands are more iconic than the push-button family of Zebco spincast reels. Smits sees a responsibility to better utilize the legendary “33”, and other easy-to-use models, to drive increased participation in fishing.
“My family and I are outdoors people. We love to hike, ski, go whitewater rafting, and fish – and it’s deeply rewarding to be serving a company that’s in a position to attract others to fishing,” concluded Smits, as a book titled The Learning of Love – A Journey toward Servant Leadership written by former W.C. Bradley CEO, Bill Turner rested on the left side of his desk.
And to the right side of his desk, you guessed it, a travel mug full of coffee.
 


















 



Trending





 100 Championship photos of KVD






 Bassmaster LIVE at St. Lawrence River






 Top lures of the St. Lawrence






 199 new products at ICAST 2017






 St. Lawrence River weigh-ins






 On par with Elites













 







 






Related Content











Live: Lake Champlain weigh-in


Live: Lake Champlain weigh-in
Watch the Elites weigh in after Day 1 of the Bassmaster Elite at Champlain presented by Dick Cepek Tires & Wheels. Watch Video
 



 












Elite on-the-water action


Elite on-the-water action
See Photos
 



 










Marshals: Day 1 Champlain 


Marshals: Day 1 Champlain 
 





Day 1 from the sky


Day 1 from the sky
 



 










 
























Join B.A.S.S.
Membership Includes 1 Year Bassmaster Magazine, Plus $50 in free gear. JOIN TODAY!











First Name 

Last Name 

Email 



























 













 













 






 






 






 






 






 






 






 






 






 





































