




Surgical devices and wound care products | Smith & Nephew - Corporate















Skip navigation





Global




























Global
About us
Sustainability
Media
Investors
Careers
Compliance
Supplier portal



Change location
Global






                                Log in
                            

Register







‡ In these countries please contact our distributor








Search

                        Search site:
                    










Menu






Home


Key Products


Advanced Wound Management


Orthopaedic Reconstruction


Robotics-assistance


Sports Medicine


Trauma & Extremities


Ear, Nose and Throat


Terms & Conditions and Warranties - Products




Education


Education and Evidence


Global biofilm webcast series


The Wound Institute


Global Wound Academy




Commercial Resources


GS1 Initiatives


InVentures Program


Patents


Research and Development


US Reimbursement


Contact us





Contact



I am a

Select occupation
Healthcare professional
Journalist
Private investor
Institutional investor
General enquiries














Home
 › Key Products







Advanced Wound Management


Orthopaedic Reconstruction


Robotics-assistance


Sports Medicine


Trauma & Extremities


ENT


Terms & Conditions and Warranties - Products


Clinical Evidence



 


                Key Products







Advanced Wound Management

Recognized global experts across the full spectrum of wound care


More about Advanced Wound Management






Orthopaedic Reconstruction

Joint replacement systems for knees, hips and shoulders


More about Orthopaedic Reconstruction









Robotics-assistance

Robotic-Assisted Surgery for Knee Replacement


More about Robotics-assistance






Sports Medicine

Minimally invasive surgery techniques, with a specific focus on joint repair.


More about Sports Medicine









Trauma & Extremities

Providing class leading trauma internal and external fixation products


More about Trauma & Extremities






Ear, Nose and Throat

Ear, Nose and Throat includes epistaxis, laryngeal and soft palate reduction, septoplasty, turbinate reduction, sinus surgery, and tonsils and adenoids removal.


More about Ear, Nose and Throat


















Print



Education and Evidence website

Watch expert videos on this topic - created with surgeons, for surgeons
Visit our surgeon education website




Global Wound Academy
Improve your knowledge of wound care by taking online learning modules across a broad range of wound care topics at the Global Wound Academy.
Study




Our Research and Development strategy



We invested $230 million in Research and Development in 2016.







 
               
            

◊ Trademark of Smith & Nephew. 
The information on this website is intended for health care professionals only

Facebook
@SmithNephewplc
Privacy & cookies
Terms of Use











































CV - StephenSmithMDE




 








StephenSmithMDESearch this site












A Place to StartCourse PortfolioFoundationsCritical Reflection on FoundationsSystemsAthabasca's RevolutionSystems Thinking in DEManagement - LeadershipSample Situation Analysis and PlanPreparing the DE Leader of TomorrowTechnologyPDAs for Medical EducationManagement - CostingCompetitive Vulnerability With Tech AdvancesAsynchronous CommunicationCritique of WebTychoInstructional DesignCritical Reflection (ISD)Web Based DEe-Learning TheoryTrainingHow Should Students of eLearning Prepare?Business of DECollege Quick StartMarket Analysis - IsraelStudent SupportVirtual Team Support Case StudyCapstone ProjectReflectionCVOpen QuestionsQuotesReferencesRecent site activity



 



CV





Stephen E Smith, BS, PA
 
Stephen Smith is a pioneer in online medical communications and education. He has a unique track record of creating new methods to engage physicians and health professionals in online learning. The products and programs he’s designed have consistently achieved levels of physician engagement that have redefined the marketplace. 
 
Steve is currently Chief Marketing Officer at So-Net M3 USA, and Executive Editor of MDLinx. In those roles he leads the creation of online services that attract and engage US physicians, and consults with pharmaceutical companies to advise them on how to “earn the right” to engage physicians in dialogue on disease management. Today, more than half of all US oncologists and rheumatologists use MDLinx and the company is moving to achieve similar levels of usage in other specialties and primary care.
 
Steve is cofounder and creator of Medscape, the world’s most-accessed professional medical education portal. At Medscape, from 1995 through 2000, Steve led the editorial, design, product management, and R&D teams from startup through IPO and eventual acquisition by WebMD.
 
After Medscape, Steve served as Chief Strategy Officer at Medsite, an industry leader in eCommunications to health professionals. At Medsite Steve developed his “Test & Teach” approach to eLearning, which was proven to effectively change what physicians know, and how they act on that knowledge in clinical practice. Integrating Test & Teach into Medsite’s online CME catapulted Medsite into the #2 online CME.
 
While most of Steve’s efforts have been in informing and educating health professionals, he has also successfully launched consumer health information products. He played a leadership role in bringing to life Medscape’s joint-effort with CBS News to create a consumer health portal (now part of WebMD Health). He designed Medsite’s novel rich-media consumer health education line of products.
 
Steve began his medical communications career as editor and manager of medical journals. In this role he successfully led several journals – most notably Infections in Medicine and The AIDS Reader – from launch to top-5 readership positions in a crowded marketplace.
 
Steve trained as a physician assistant and has 10 years of clinical experience in general medicine, emergency medicine, and vascular surgery. He has a BS in medicine from the University of Oklahoma and is preparing his thesis to earn a master’s degree in distance education with the University of Maryland. 
 
Awards
2004 Frost & Sullivan CME Product Innovation Award
2000-2001 Society for Technical Communications Distinguished Award
2000 eHealthcare World Gold Award – Best Healthcare Portal
1999 Codie Award. Best Healthcare/Medical Information Service
 
Presentations
Smith S (2008) ePharmaSummit “Internet Medicine Guru Panel”
Smith S (2005). Product development on a shoestring. Product Development and Management Association. New York Metro Chapter. Oct 6. Somerset, NJ.
Smith S (2005). Integrating Patient Education with Physician Education. CBI’s Forum on Disease Awareness. Sept. Philadelphia, PA. 
Smith S (2004). CME Best Practices Panel. MedEdForum. Sept. Philadelphia, PA.
Smith S, Bahn S (2004). Developing Physician Loyalty. Frost & Sullivan eBusiness Strategy Conference. Mar. San Diego, CA.
Keynote Address: Medicine on the Internet – the Shape of the Future. 5th Annual Conference of the Academy of Family Practice Physician Assistants. San Antonio. Oct 2001
Images and Multimedia in Medicine on the Web. American Medical Illustrators Annual Meeting. Aug, 1999.
Medscape as a Medical Reference for Physicians. Kaiser Permanente CME Seminar. Spring ’98.
Medscape as a Medical Reference. Medical Society of the State of New York. Oct. ‘98
Creating a Compelling Medical Information Site. Strategic Research International. June ‘98.
Publishing on the World Wide Web. HealthNet ’98.
Medicine on the Internet. American Medical Science Writers Annual Meeting. Summer ’98.
Medical Information on the Web. American Medical Informatics Association. October ’98.
Fox News. Medical Internet. Spring ’97.
Publications (papers)
Smith S (2008). Changing perceptions and behavior through e-interactions. Product Development Association Newsletter. Philadelphia Chapter.
Smith S (2005). A Truer Measure of CME. Pharmaceutical Executive. Feb.
Smith S. Information Today. Regular bimonthly columnist on the Internet and Medicine. Jan 1997 – Dec 1999.
Smith SE, Seligman M. Inhaled Long-Acting Beta2-Agonists in Asthma. Pharmacy PowerPak, 1993.
Felkey BG, Smith S. Reader Survey Shows How Pharmacists are Using Computers. Computer Medicine for the Hospital Pharmacist. Feb 1990, 1, 6-7.
Smith L. Bone and Joint Infections. In: Textbook of Medical Therapeutics. Burke Cuhna (Ed); 1988.
Smith S. MED-DATA: Cost Comparison Software for Antibiotic Regimens. Computer Medicine for the Hospital Pharmacist. 1(1):4-6, 1988.
Smith S. Evaluation and Management of Upper Extremity Fractures. PA-86 3(1):11-18, 1986.
Smith S. Pearls: Diagnosing Cardiac Murmers. PA-85 2(4):156, 1985.
Smith S. Pearls: Detecting and Documenting Child Abuse. PA-85 2(3):111-116, 1985.
Smith S. Looking at Child Abuse. (editorial) PA-85 2(3):107, 1985.
Smith S. Diagnosing Rib Fracture. PA-85 2(3):129, 1985
 
            (other publications)
Update on Asthma Therapy. National CME Lecture Program, 1995
New Developments in Bronchodilator Therapy for Asthma. National CME Lecture Program, 1994
Improving Antiobiotic Adherence Through Patient Counseling. Challenge in Pharmaceutical Care. CE Lecture Program, 1994
OBRA 90: Implications for the Managed Care Pharmacists. Challenges in Pharmaceutical Care. CE Lecture Program, 1994
Achieving Your Personal Best. Asthma Awareness Kit. Patient Education Lecture Series, 1994
Advances in Asthma Nursing Care. National CE Lecture Program, 1993
Advances in Asthma Care. National CME Lecture Program, 1993
 
Computer Programs
Article Tracking System. Management system for journal publishing. 1989
Computer Simulated Patient Encounters. Physician/Pharmacists education on antibiotic prescribing for hospital-acquired pneumonia. 1986
MED-DATA: Cost Comparison of Antibiotic Therapy. 1985



 



Comments
















Sign in|Recent Site Activity|Report Abuse|Print Page|Powered By Google Sites





















 







McMurry & Livingston, PLLC Sonny Smith - McMurry & Livingston, PLLC of Paducah, Kentucky



















































Home

OUR FIRM

ATTORNEYS

WHAT WE DO

REPORTED CASES

CONTACT US

LEARN MORE
















 


 














— Main Menu —
Home
OUR FIRM
ATTORNEYS
WHAT WE DO
REPORTED CASES
CONTACT US
LEARN MORE


 



Home

OUR FIRM

ATTORNEYS

WHAT WE DO

REPORTED CASES

CONTACT US

LEARN MORE


 

 
 

 

 









Stephen E. Smith, Jr.
//Member Attorney
 

 
 













THIS IS AN ADVERTISEMENT
                                                                 

Stephen E. “Sonny” Smith, Jr.
Sonny Smith is a native of Paducah, Kentucky and is a member of the Paducah law firm of McMurry
                                                                & Livingston, PLLC.  His practice for the last 31 years has focused on maritime
                                                                personal injury and property damage, employment law, product liability and general civil
                                                                litigation in state and federal courts.  Sonny earned his Bachelor of Science degree
                                                                Magna Cum Laude with a double major in history and political science from Murray
                                                                State University in 1978 and graduated from Northern Kentucky University, Salmon P. Chase
                                                                College of Law in 1981 where he was selected for membership in the Order of the Curia. 
                                                                He is a member of the McCracken County, Kentucky and American Bar Associations, Defense
                                                                Research Institute and Kentucky Defense Counsel.  Mr. Smith is a member of the Kiwanis
                                                                Club of Paducah (past president and chairman of the board), Propeller Club Port of Paducah
                                                                (past president and chairman of the board), River Heritage Museum Board of Directors, and
                                                                is a past president of the Murray State University Alumni Association.  He is currently
                                                                serving as President of the International Propeller Club of the United States.
Member Attorney
University:      Murray State University,
                                                                B.S., magna cum laude, 1978
Law School:    Salmon P. Chase College of Law, Northern Kentucky University,
                                                                J.D., 1981
Memberships:  American Bar Association;
                                                                Kentucky Bar Association

E-mail: sonny@ml-lawfirm.com

 






 








David C. Booth

Phillip L. Little

Milton M. Livingston, Jr.

Zachary D. McMillan

G. Kent Price

W. Fletcher McMurry Schrock

Kerry D. Smith

Stephen E. Smith, Jr.

Whitney Jones Denson

Hillary R. Chambers 






 


 

 












 
 HOURS OF BUSINESS: Monday-Friday: 9am - 5pm • Evening and Saturday Appointments: Available Upon Request 201 Broadway •
                                    P.O. Box 1700 • Paducah, Kentucky 42001 • 270-443-6511 • 866-529-7747

 








 
 
 
 

























Services | Smith Stephen E MD Naples, FL 34109 - YP.comStart your search by typing in the business name below.
What do you want to find?

Where?My current locationSearchHomePhysicians & Surgeons near Naples, FLSmith Stephen E MDServicesSmith Stephen E MD7955 Airport Pulling Rd N, Naples, FL 34109(239) 593-7747View Business DetailsServices"Fish and Chips" found in 1 dishPhysicians OphthalmologistsCataract SurgeryCataractsSend to PhoneSmith Stephen E MD7955 Airport Pulling Rd N, Naples, FL 34109(239) 593-7747Send this business listing as a text message to a mobile phone.I agree to the Terms and ConditionsCancelSendYour text message was sent.To opt out at anytime, send the word STOP to YP411.To get a help message, send the word HELP to YP411.There was an error sending your text.Please try again.E-MailSmith Stephen E MD7955 Airport Pulling Rd N, Naples, FL 34109(239) 593-7747Send this business details to yourself or up to 5 friends.Up to 5 email addresses, separate addresses with a commaSend Yourself a CopyCancelSend 
We just redesigned yp.com! Do you like it?×            LikeNot a Fan×            Thank You!Feedback










































"Refining Your Online Medical Searching" by Smith, Stephen E. - Information Today, Vol. 16, Issue 3, March 1999 | Online Research Library: Questia






















        Home 
    » 
    Browse »

            
                Magazines 
»            
                General Science and Technology Magazines 
»            
                Information Today 
»            Article details, "Refining Your Online Medical Searching"














                        Magazine article
                    
Information Today

Refining Your Online Medical Searching 
By Smith, Stephen E.

Read preview








                            Magazine article
                        
Information Today

Refining Your Online Medical Searching 
By Smith, Stephen E.

Read preview




Article excerpt

  Steve Smith is vice president and editorial director for Medscape (http://www.medscape.com), professional medical-information resource on the World Wide Web. His e-mail address is stephen_smith@mail.medscape.com.    Here's a user's guide to help you find your way around Medscape    On January 27th, Medscape (http://www.medscape.com) launched a new interface that reorganizes the resources on its site, improves the speed of information accessing, significantly expands the kinds of medical information available, and sets the stage for ongoing creation of in-depth, expert-authored, state-of-the-art treatment tools in a multitude of medical specialties. While the new format is as intuitive as the designers could make it, there's nothing like a guided tour to really let you know what is available and where to find it. So, with the approval of the IT editors, I'm going to devote this column to providing a quick "how to" for most efficiently finding your way around Medscape, the largest collection of medical information resources on the Web. What's Your Specialty?    Medscape has 18 "home" pages, each of which focuses on a particular medical specialty or related interest, and which, in the main, have similar structures pointing to similar kinds of resources.    The home pages currently available are:    * Cardiology    * Gastroenterology    * HIV/AIDS    * Infectious Diseases    * Internal Medicine    * Molecular Medicine    * Managed Care    * Oncology    * Orthopedics    * Pediatrics    * Pharmacotherapy    * Primary Care    * Psychiatry    * Respiratory Care    * Surgery    * Urology    * Women's Health    Several more specialties will arrive as the year progresses. Each specialty and interest page is constructed to reflect the way clinicians typically look for medical information: 1) browsing for current understanding and updates in the field, 2) searching for specific information and answers in disease treatment, 3) looking for Continuing Medical Education (CME) offerings, and 4) searching for information related to medical practice and the profession.    Browsing for Current Knowledge    To stay current on what's happening in the specialty, these three pages are where you should start: Editor's Choice, Treatment Updates, and Conference Summaries. The home page for the specialty begins with Editor's Choice, which highlights newly posted articles, features, updates, and events. Immediately below the Editor's Choice you'll find an extended list of the most recently posted journal articles, followed by a specialty news area. The news comes in two flavors. On the left you'll find professional news stories for the specialty. To the right is a "what your patients are reading" section. This section keeps practitioners in the know about what their patients are hearing in the consumer media, and to help them be prepared to answer their patients' questions and concerns.    For Treatment Updates and Conference Summaries, look to the left of the Editor's Choice. Here, on every Medscape home page, you'll find a uniform list of clinical and professional resources organized into folders. The Treatment Updates folder is near the top of the list. Treatment Updates houses two kinds of reviews to keep the reader current on how new drugs, devices, procedures, and discoveries are changing clinical practice. Treatment Updates modules are expert-authored summaries of satellite symposia from medical meetings. These are CME offerings, discussing the implications of some of the newest clinical research in the specialty. Further down on the Treatment Updates page is a series of Expert Columns. Expert Columns are discussions on current topics by leading experts. The Treatment Updates folder is available in HIV/AIDS and Oncology, and is under development in other specialties.    In the Conference Summaries folder you'll be able to virtually "attend" sessions from professional medical conferences. … 






SUBSCRIBE TODAY!
Subscribe to Questia and enjoy:

Full access to this article and over 10 million more from academic journals, magazines, and newspapers
Over 83,000 books
Access to powerful writing and research tools





Article details


Publication: Information Today


Volume/issue:
Vol. 16, No. 3


Publication date:

March 1999
                    

Contributors:

Smith, Stephen E.




Subjects:

Software Industry--Product Introduction
Online Searching
Software--Product Introduction
Internet Services
Dbms Software














SUBSCRIBE TODAY!
Subscribe to Questia and enjoy:

Full access to this article and over 10 million more from academic journals, magazines, and newspapers
Over 83,000 books
Access to powerful writing and research tools






Article details

Publication: Information Today


Volume/issue:
Vol. 16, No. 3


Publication date:

March 1999                        

Contributors:

Smith, Stephen E.




Subjects:

Software Industry--Product Introduction
Online Searching
Software--Product Introduction
Internet Services
Dbms Software















































Search our library...







{{searchItem.term}}
{{filterTypeLookup[searchItem.filterType]}}
{{searchTypeLookup[searchItem.searchType]}}






Search by...


Author





Search by ...

Keyword
Title
Author
Subject
Publisher



Results should have ...

All of these words
Any of these words
This exact phrase
None of these words




                            Keyword searches may also use the operators
                            AND, OR, NOT, “ ”, ( )
                        



Show...

All Results
Primary Sources
Peer-reviewed





Show ...

All Results
Primary Sources
Peer-reviewed







                        Search
                    










Log out
        


Upgrade your membership



Log in
        


Buy instant access












 














Oops!
An unknown error has occurred. Please click the button below to reload the page. If the problem persists, please try again in a little while.

 Reload


                
                We use cookies to deliver a better user experience and to show you ads based on your interests. By using our website, you agree to the use of cookies as described in our Privacy Policy











STEPHEN E SMITH - ROANOKE, VA - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



VA



ROANOKE



Nonclassifiable Establishments



Nonclassifiable Establishments



                            STEPHEN E SMITH
                                    



 





















S 


STEPHEN E SMITH
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



7988 MAYLAND RD ROANOKE, VA 24014
Get Directions



(540) 427-1730





Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue --
 Employee Count 0
 Industries Nonclassifiable Establishments
 Contacts STEPHEN E SMITH







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2010, Stephen E Smith has been providing Nonclassifiable Establishments from Roanoke. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







S

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.


























Smith Stephen E | Knoxville TN | Read Reviews + Get a Bid | BuildZoom


































































×





Want a quote from
Smith, Stephen E?


We recommend getting 3 quotes
for any construction project. 
Use our
free bidding system
to get a quote from Smith, Stephen E
+ 2 more of the best.



Tell us about your project









Is this your business? Claim now >






S







BZ Score:
90







License # 37374




Knoxville, TN









Smith, Stephen E




this is my business



Contact us






BZ Score:
90







WRITE A REVIEW















Summary

this is my business
request a quote















Home

 
/


Search

 
/


Knoxville

 
/


 best Electricians in Knoxville 

 



Updated: Jan 21, 2016





Overview

Smith, Stephen E in Knoxville, TN holds a Limited Licensed Electricians  license (37374) according to the Tennessee license board. Their BuildZoom score of 90 indicates that they are licensed or registered but we do not have additional information about them.BuildZoom has not verified this license since its expiration date. If you are thinking of hiring Smith, Stephen E, we recommend double-checking their license status with the license board and using our bidding system to get competitive quotes. 




Where Smith, Stephen E Works


Google





Project Types Offered



Electrical Work






Contact




Street Address: 5507 Lakeshore Dr, Knoxville, TN 37920 

Edit





Do you work for this business?
Unlock this free profile
to update company info and see who's viewing your profile.






Similar Contractors
See more









3132 Williams Bend Road, Knoxville, TN 37932


Herron's Electrical




License # 50906


Knoxville, TN







91

BZ Score


-
Avg Project 


-
Projects














1006 Powder Mill Road, Gatlinburg, TN 37738


Mwl Electrical




License # 1439


Gatlinburg, TN







90

BZ Score


-
Avg Project 


-
Projects














2058 Dandridge Street Apt 75, Knoxville, TN 37915


Alltenn Electrical




License # 67798


Knoxville, TN







100

BZ Score


-
Avg Project 


23
Projects













Smith, Stephen E Reviews



BuildZoom hasn't received any reviews for Smith, Stephen E. Click here to be alerted when reviews are posted about them.



Please write a review about Smith, Stephen E










1
Rate this electrician







Click stars to rate




2
Provide a detailed review of this electrician.






 














Recent Buildzoom Projects


View all








Custom Home Build










Restaurant Buildout










Swimming Pool Project










Kitchen Remodel










Bathroom Remodel








Request a Quote





Explore BuildZoom

If you are considering hiring Smith, Stephen E,
we recommend double-checking their license status with the license board
and using our
bidding system
to get competitive quotes.




Hiring a contractor?






Get bids from BuildZoom's best contractors within 5 mins during regular business hours by filling out this form




I need help with...





Zip Code





Request Quotes From





90


Smith, Stephen E








91


Herron's Electrical







90


Mwl Electrical







100


Alltenn Electrical






Request a Quote







License info














License Not Verified


License #37374StatusActiveStateTennesseeTypeLimited Licensed Electricians


When BuildZoom last verified this license, it had an expiration date of September, 2014. Check the current license status of Smith, Stephen E with the Tennessee Department of Commerce and Insurance












90




BuildZoom Score


How the BuildZoom Score works








Follow this contractor

















Before you Hire

Here are some rules, regulations, and laws governing general contractors
in Tennessee:













Does Smith, Stephen E carry a valid contracting license?



Contractors in Tennessee must acquire a home improvement contractor's license before bidding or offering a price for projects $3,000 and up. For projects with a total cost of $25,000 and up, a contractor must be licensed as a Prime Contractor, or Subcontractor. Masonry contractors must be licensed to do projects with a total of $100,000 and up. 
Smith, Stephen E currently holds license 37374 (Limited Licensed Electricians), which was Active when we last checked. 











How important is contractor licensing in Tennessee?



Contractors in Tennessee are required to pass a business and law exam, and must submit a letter of reference to prove work experience before they can be licensed. 











Your liability risk when hiring Smith, Stephen E



Contractors in Tennessee must carry both general liability and workers compensation insurance. Request a copy of current insurance certificates before any work begins.











Financial recourse when hiring Smith, Stephen E



Licensed contractors in Tennessee must obtain a surety bond before performing construction work on residential properties. A home owner may file a claim against this bond to recoup losses or damages incurred during the construction project.











What else should I know before hiring Smith, Stephen E



In order to become licensed in Tennessee, contractors must submit a reviewed or audited financial statement prepared by a licensed independent accounting firm. To obtain an unlimited license, the contractor must show $300,000 in working capital.











How is the BuildZoom score calculated?



The BuildZoom score is based on a number of factors including the contractor's license status, insurance status, verified work history, standing with local consumer interest groups, verified reviews from other BuildZoom users and self-reported feedback from the contractor.











Why you should hire through BuildZoom



When it comes to major construction work or even minor alterations to your home, hiring the wrong contractor could result in incomplete or defective work. You may even find yourself dealing with huge liability claims. BuildZoom does the homework for you and helps you hire the right contractor.











You should get several bids before hiring a contractor



Before hiring a contractor in Tennessee, be sure to get at least 3 detailed bids. Quality contractors will take the time to explain their budget proposal, and help guide you through the estimate process. Be wary of an abnormally low bid, they are not worth the risk. These underpriced projects often do not end well for the homeowner, choose a contractor you trust and can clearly communicate with. BuildZoom has made the bid collection process extremely simple (and free). Just click here to get started.









About BuildZoom






BuildZoom has one simple purpose: To help you find the perfect contractor
for any job, commercial or residential.


BuildZoom is a database of every licensed contractor in the United States.
We work hard to figure out who the great contractors are, and who the bad
contractors are.

more...





BuildZoom combines license information on 3.5 million contractors with
110 million building permits, and over 80,000
reviews from property owners.If you are looking for a specific
contractor and you can’t find them on BuildZoom, it’s likely that they do
not have a license - please
contact us
and we’ll try to help!



Finding a Contractor through BuildZoom



The best way to use BuildZoom is to let us recommend contractors for
your remodeling projects.


Homeowners who

hire through BuildZoom's free bidding system
 report high rates of satisfaction, and homeowners who research
contractors online are twice as likely to be happy at the end of their
project.


If you hire a contractor through BuildZoom, that contractor is
accountable to us. We can enforce standards of behavior, mediate
disputes, and guarantee satisfaction.



Read more about why hiring through BuildZoom is so effective.
 
less...









Press Coverage





BuildZoom’s database now contains every licensed contractor across the U.S. - over 2.5 million of them... Categorized contractor profiles are enriched using government data from state licensing boards, Better Business Bureau ratings, and more…


BuildZoom jumped into the fray by announcing that it raised $10.6 million in a round led by Formation 8. ...the Y combinator-backed startup said it will be focused on remodeling projects, where the median budget is around $19,000…


A new index compiled by BuildZoom — which identifies contractors for projects — found that renovations are
running 2.8 percent above their 2005 level…




















×
Contact Smith, Stephen E
We will attempt to deliver your message to Smith, Stephen E. We'll notify you when it is delivered.













Your Name

Your Email

Your Phone (optional)

Your Message

I'm interested in speaking with you about a project. Are you available to chat today?

 









‹
›
×




×












 
How the BuildZoom Score Works
Read more about the BuildZoom scoring algorithm here.


A Licensed Contractor Starts with 90 Points.


Their score will increase or decrease based on these variables.
























Positive Client Feedback





Verified License + Insurance





Project History





Community Participation





Profile Page Content


Employee Info
Years in Business
Contact Info
Project Photos









Suspended or Inactive License





Negative Client Feedback





Limited Work History
























Browse remodeling photos
If you are looking for remodeling ideas, you can browse hundreds of beautiful photos of work performed by our general contractors.






Browse building permits
You can use our building permit search to see the contractors who are active in your neighborhood and the projects currently taking place.






Get a cost estimate
Use our remodeling calculator to get a ballpark estimate for your project. If you're ready to hire, use our bidding system to get actual quotes from local contractors.





























































 






Stephen Smith, President & Chief Product Officer, Hobsons


























&timesJavascript is disabled
























Market Profiles



Login
Sign up



Login


Sign up








 







 Edit

Person













Stephen Smith



President & Chief Product Officer
at
Hobsons


Location: Washington D.C. Metro Area





Add to My Lists

Claim

Share


Copy the following code on your page/blog


Suggested widget size



Mobile



Desktop









Stephen Smith



President & Chief Product Officer
at
Hobsons


Location: Washington D.C. Metro Area




Add to My Lists

Claim

Share


Copy the following code on your page/blog


Suggested widget size



Mobile



Desktop




Stephen M. Smith oversees Hobsons’ global product strategy, marketing, policy, and R&D, supporting more than 12 million students and 10,000 schools, colleges, and universities in 100 countries. Steve joined Hobsons in 2007 through the acquisition of Naviance, where as co-founder and chief executive he led the company in creating the leading college and career readiness platform for schools and districts. Prior to co-founding Naviance, Steve was vice president of digital product development at Peterson’s, then a division of The Thomson Corporation (now Thomson Reuters), where he played a key role in transforming a traditional print publishing business into a leading on-line provider of education information. Prior to joining Peterson’s, Steve was a founding member of the Internet consulting practice at Thomson Technology Services Group. Steve has also served as a practitioner faculty member at The Johns Hopkins University, where he taught graduate courses in marketing and technology. Steve earned a bachelor’s degree in history, cum laude, and an MBA from Cornell University.



5

Companies in Career





N/A

Related Markets





4

Colleagues





N/A

Related Investments








Alias
N/A



Industry
N/A




Tags
Strategic Planning, Management, Process Improvement, Project Management, Team Building, Vendor Management, Training, E-Learning




Topics of Influence












N/A







N/A



























Careers








Achievements








Investments








Related People






 Edit
View all 



Stephen SmithCareer (7)






Oct-2016




Hobsons



President & Chief Product Officer







Oct-2014 to Sep-2016




Hobsons



President, Advising & Admissions Solutions







Jun-2012 to Sep-2014




Hobsons



President, K-12







Jan-2002 to May-2012




Naviance



Co-Founder and CEO







Sep-2000 to Dec-2007




Johns Hopkins University



Practitioner Faculty







Feb-1998 to Feb-2000




Peterson's, a division of Thomson Learning



VP Digital Product Development








Competencies










 Edit
View all 



Stephen SmithEducation (2)






1995



Cornell University


Marketing and Entrepreneurship






1991



Cornell University


History









 Edit



Stephen SmithAchievements and Recognitions





Add Milestone


No milestones has been recorded for Stephen Smith






 Edit



Stephen SmithLinks





Add Link


No links has been recorded for Stephen Smith









Stephen SmithInvestments/Acquisitions





No investments has been recorded for Stephen Smith









Stephen SmithInvestments Representing Others





No investment reps has been recorded for Stephen Smith








Stephen SmithRelated People








Colleagues at Hobsons







John Plunkett

Senior Vice President, Marketing and External Relations
Dec-2016









Kate Cassino

COO
2016









Kathy Ovens

Chief People Officer
Jul-2015









Mohan Rao

CTO
2014












View all 



Stephen SmithRecommended Market Profiles (8)








Telemedicine

10,000 or More employees
19 companies








Social Media Marketing (ChiefMartec.com)

5,000 - 10,000 employees
111 companies








Big Data Universe List of Lists

10,000 or More employees
533 companies








Aggregated Marketing Technology

10,000 or More employees
2650 companies








Shared Economy Landscape (Jeremiah Owyang)

10,000 or More employees
267 companies








Inside Sales Landscape

10,000 or More employees
650 companies






















































Stephen E. Smith | Gartner











Analyst Profile
Analysts / Find an Analyst / Analyst Profile








Stephen E. Smith
Research VP


                          15  years at Gartner
                , 
                          14 years industry experience
                 

                 CO USA

              

  
Roles and Responsibilities
Stephen E. Smith is a Vice President with Gartner Research based in the United States. Mr. Smith covers strategy, strategic planning, trade promotion management/optimization, retail execution and technology-driven innovation for consumer products' manufacturers.

Areas of Coverage


                    Manufacturing

                    Retail


 

Stephen E. Smith's Recent Gartner Activity
Latest Research


Hype Cycle for Consumer Goods, 2017

17-Jul-2017


Alternative Channels for Engaging Customers of the Future

07-Jun-2017


Cool Vendors in Consumer Goods Manufacturing, 2017

25-May-2017





 
Background

Previous Experience
Mr. Smith has more than 18 years of sales and marketing experience in the grocery retail, consumer products and advertising industries. Prior to joining Gartner, he was VP of marketing for The Stop & Shop Supermarket Co., a division of Ahold. Before that, he held senior marketing and sales management roles at The Quaker Oats Co., and was in advertising account management at William Esty Advertising.


Professional Background

                  Ahold USA, VP, Marketing - The Stop & Shop Supermarket Co., 3 years
                  The Quaker Oats Co., Director, Kids Ready-to-Eat Cereals, 12 years
                  William Esty Advertising, Account Executive, 2 years



Education

                  B.A., Writing, Saint Lawrence University
                  M.B.A., Marketing, J.L. Kellogg Graduate School of Management at Northwestern University



Languages

                English








Become a Client
Call us now at:
+1-800-213-4848 OrContact us Online



Free Research
Discover what 12,000 CIOs and Senior IT leaders already know.
Free Access
 





RESEARCH
MORE 





 
            11 July 2017
          
Capitalizing on Your Business Ecosystems Economy: A Gartner Trend Insight Report
Organizations are increasingly focusing outward on their business ecosystems to fuel innovation. To capitalize on these opportunities, CIOs must develop a proactive strategy for engaging in their business ecosystems, and select the right mix of business and technology to support this strategy.





 
            7 July 2017
          
Forecast Alert: IT Spending, Worldwide, 2Q17 Update
Gartner's forecast for 2017 worldwide dollar-valued IT spending growth has been revised up 1.0% to 2.4%, an increase from 0.3% in 2016. The constant-currency forecast is unchanged at 3.3% for 2017. Technology product management leaders should pay close attention to currency fluctuations in 2017.







WEBINARS
MORE 





 
            31 Jul 2017
          
The Top 10 IoT Technologies for Digital Business
EDT: 10:00 a.m. | PDT: 7:00 a.m. | GMT: 14:00 The twin themes of digital business and the Internet of Things (IoT) will be key drivers for business and technology leaders through 2019. They'll need to master a wide range of new technologies and architectures such as edge computing and IoT platforms, plus IoT-specific variants of established technologies such as machine intelligence. In this session we look at the top 10 IoT technologies from a digital business perspective, identifying their potential to deliver digital business advantage, and also discussing their maturity and challenges.





 
            02 Aug 2017
          
How to Measure the Customer Experience
EDT: 9:00 a.m. | PDT: 6:00 a.m. | GMT: 13:00 Almost every organization measures customer satisfaction, most measure retention and advocacy, some measure the quality of core products and services, and few measure employee satisfaction. We look at what gets measured, what gets reported to executives and how leading organizations are improving their approach to measurement of the customer experience.





















Sign In |
            

Register |
            


Select a Gartner site 


                    Select a Gartner site
                  


                      Gartner.com
                    



                      Gartner Japan
                    



                      Gartner Accessibility
                    
















Why Gartner


Analysts


Research


Events


Consulting


About



















