





   Debra Smithart-Oglesby | Denny | ZoomInfo.com








Denny’s Appoints Debra Smithart-Oglesby Interim CEO - TheStreet




























































 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 








































Denny’s Appoints Debra Smithart-Oglesby Interim CEO






Business Wire




Jun 8, 2010 10:52 PM EDT













 


















































  Denny’s Corporation (NASDAQ: DENN) announced today that Debra Smithart-Oglesby, Denny’s Board Chair, has been appointed Interim Chief Executive Officer (CEO), succeeding Nelson Marchioli. Ms. Smithart-Oglesby will serve as CEO until the Company completes the process of hiring a permanent CEO.  Ms. Smithart-Oglesby stated, “I am a passionate believer in the Denny’s brand and I welcome the opportunity to assume this interim role at an important juncture in the Company’s history. As the Company nears completion of its transition to a franchise-oriented business model, we have been planning for a transition in leadership. Today’s announcement will help accelerate that process and the Company’s ability to attract best-in-class candidates for the position of CEO. I want to thank Nelson for his dedicated service to the Company and the Denny’s brand; he has worked tirelessly on its behalf.”  Denny’s also announced the formation of a strategic team to provide organizational focus on the Company’s top priorities during this transition period, with particular emphasis on driving sales and guest counts and ensuring operational excellence across the system. This team will be led by Debra Smithart-Oglesby and will consist of Mark Wolfinger, Denny’s Chief Financial Officer and Chief Administrative Officer, Bill Cox, a large Denny’s franchisee of 16 years, with over 30 years of experience in the restaurant industry including senior operating roles at multiple restaurant concepts, and Bob Langford, a large Denny’s franchisee of 10 years, with over 30 years of experience in the restaurant industry including senior leadership roles at a number of concepts. Mr. Cox will provide support related to operations until the position of Chief Operating Officer is filled and Mr. Langford will continue to provide support related to marketing until the position of Chief Marketing Officer is filled. The search process for both positions is in an advanced stage.  Ms. Smithart-Oglesby concluded, “We are fortunate to have a deep and talented team of experienced restaurant professionals at the Company and within the Denny’s family. Our team is intensely focused on driving sustained improvement in our results in order to maximize stockholder value. We look forward to bringing a renewed sense of energy and passion to our work to achieve the full potential of this great brand.”  



 








 































































 











Trending


Trump Just Resurrected the Ugly Practice Known as Civil Forfeiture for No Reason


GM May Slash Six Car Models to Combat Slumping Sales, Avoid Plant Layoffs


3 Things Tesla Doesn't Want to Admit


Don't Sleep on General Electric's Cheap Stock Price


Starbucks Has an Alarming Problem That Even Its Fans Must Admit Has to Be Fixed -- and Soon!











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 











































Taco Bueno CEO Takes Same Post at Denny's - Restaurant News - QSR magazine
























Jump to navigation














Industry News 
|
January 11, 2011

Taco Bueno CEO Takes Same Post at Denny's



Bookmark/Search this post    Email this story
Printer-friendly version 

Read More About
Breakfast, Denny's, Executive Insights, Human Resources


Denny’s Corporation announced the appointment of John C. Miller to the position of president and CEO, effective February 1. Miller succeeds Debra Smithart-Oglesby, who has filled the position on an interim basis since June. Smithart-Oglesby will continue to serve as board chair for Denny’s.
“John is a proven leader in the restaurant industry who has the talent and experience to build upon our current momentum and accelerate the resurgence of the Denny’s business and brand,” says Louis P. Neeb, head of the board’s CEO search committee. “We conducted an extensive international search including dozens of highly-qualified candidates and believe that John has the right combination of skills and experience to further our growth and create additional value. He brings a passion for understanding and building brands, extensive operating skills at all levels of the business, a talent for leading management teams and working with franchisees, along with a proven ability to deliver growth and financial performance.
“Debra has done an outstanding job as interim CEO over the past six months in leading a turnaround at Denny’s and creating considerable forward momentum. The company is indebted to her and looks forward to her continued guidance and leadership as board chair.”
Miller joins Denny’s management team with more than 30 years of restaurant industry experience. Since 2005, he has served as CEO and president at Taco Bueno Restaurants Inc., an operator and franchisor of quick-service Mexican eateries with 190 units. Prior to Taco Bueno, Miller spent 17 years at Brinker International, where he held numerous management positions. From 1997 to 2004, he served as president at Romano’s Macaroni Grill, where he helped reverse three years of declining sales and growth, generating 15 consecutive quarters of sales and profit increases, and more than doubling the company’s size. Miller also served as president of Brinker’s Mexican Concepts, responsible for overseeing On the Border and Cozymel’s, two of the company’s high-growth concepts. Early in his career, Miller held various operations and restaurant management positions at Unigate Restaurant/Casa Bonita in Dallas.
“I know John well from my time at Brinker and he will be an outstanding leader for Denny’s,” Smithart-Oglesby says. “Together with Mark Wolfinger, our CAO and CFO, and Frances Allen and Robert Rodriguez, who recently joined as CMO and COO, respectively, we have built a first-class leadership team at Denny’s. I am very proud of the progress we have made during the second half of last year and I look forward to working closely with John, the rest of our executive team and my fellow board members to build upon this momentum and enhance value for our investors, franchisees, partners, and employees going forward.”










Search form

Search 


































Subscribe





Tell Us More…
 Thank you for signing up to receive QSR’s flagship e-newsletter, A.M. Jolt. To help us better serve the information needs of our audience, please complete the information below. 


First Name:


Last Name:


Company:


Industry Affiliation:

Select from below
Franchisor
Franchisee
Independent
Consultant
Allied to Industry


Job Function:

Select from below
CEO / Chief Executive
Buyer / Purchasing
F&B Operations
F&B R&D
Training / HR
Financial
Sales / Marketing
Restaurant Manager
IT / Systems
Franchising / Development
Brand Development
Operations
Other


In addition to A.M. Jolt, we also offer the following e-newsletters and communications. Please mark those you would like to receive. 



What's On - A unique guide to the best in foodservice video from QSR and around the industry.



QSR Promotions Updates and information about happenings at QSR and its publisher, Journalistic, Inc. 


QSR Partners Emails sent to you by QSR about products, services, and other offers from QSR partners. 

Submit
















OPERATOR RESOURCES


Smart Chain Reports

The Power of Proteins
The Dimensions of Digital
Satisfying Sauces
Finance and Lending
Drive-Thru Tech
POS Solutions and Payment Security
Specialty Beverages and Dispensers
Cooking Technology








Topic Portals
Blended Beverages
Breakfast
Finance
Flavor Focus
Food Safety
Grilling Solutions
HACCP Innovations
Healthier Desserts
LSR
Payment Processing
POS Solutions
 





OneSource
Find restaurant equipment and suppliers.
Click here to get started



Articles by Issue
July 2017
June 2017
May 2017
April 2017
March 2017
February 2017
January 2017
December 2016
November 2016
October 2016
September 2016
August 2016













Debra Smithark Oglesby - Suwanee, GA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Debra Smithark Oglesby in Suwanee, GA


Debra Smithark Oglesby

                                                                                       Intelius found that Debra Smithark Oglesby  is  a female between 60 and 70 years old from Suwanee, GA.  We have connected them to
                6 addresses,
                4 phones,
                and 4 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Debra Smithart Smithart-Oglesby


Get Report Now

Age

Debra Smithark Oglesby is in her 60s

Debra Has Lived In

Suwanee, GA
San Francisco, CA
Little Rock, AR

Debra's Relatives

Jennifer Oglesby
Charles Oglesby
Tammy Oglesby
Jon Oglesby







Debra Smithark Oglesby



Zodiac SignCancer



GenderFemale



Professional Status
President at O/S Partners



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Debra? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Debra, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Debra Smithark Oglesby
Get a Criminal Check on Debra Smithark Oglesby
Get a Public Record Report on Debra Smithark Oglesby
Get a People Search Report on Debra Smithark Oglesby


Debra Smithark Oglesby's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Debra Smithark Oglesby has lived as well as Debra Smithark Oglesby's phone numbers and email addresses.




Debra Smithark Oglesby Has Lived in 4 States
Georgia Address for Debra Smithark Oglesby


969 M***** F*** T** 

Suwanee, GA


Has Lived In

Suwanee, GA
San Francisco, CA


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Debra Smithark Oglesby

(770) ***-**** - Duluth, GA 
(770) ***-**** - Duluth, GA 
(706) ***-**** - Athens, GA 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Debra Smithark Oglesby



Get Email Report




Debra Smithark Oglesby's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about Debra Smithark Oglesby's academic history.  Find out which schools Debra Smithark Oglesby attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees Debra Smithark Oglesby received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Debra Smithark Oglesby Has Attended 2 Schools
Southern Methodist University 1991 – 1993               Debra Smithark Oglesby has a EMBA in Business               
The University of Texas at Arlington               1980 – 1983               Debra Smithark Oglesby has a Bba in Accounting               


Debra Smithark Oglesby's Professional Information
Information regarding Debra Smithark Oglesby's professional history.  Find out previous places Debra Smithark Oglesby has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Debra Smithark Oglesby Has Worked at 5 Places
Company: O/S Partners
               Title: President
Company: Noodles & Company
               Title: Board of Directors - Audit Committee Chair
Debra Smithark Oglesby's Experience
Title: President
               Company: O/S Partners
Job Details

Title: Board of Directors - Audit Committee Chair
               Company: Noodles & Company
Job Details

Additional Professional Information on Debra Smithark Oglesby

 See Debra Smithark Oglesby's LinkedIn Profile



Debra Smithark Oglesby's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Debra Smithark Oglesby


Debra Smithark Oglesby's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Debra Smithark Oglesby's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Debra Oglesby
Username Matches

                  DebraOglesby
                  OglesbyDebra
                  Debra.Oglesby
                  Oglesby.Debra
                  Debra_Oglesby
                  Oglesby_Debra
                  Debra-Oglesby
                  Oglesby-Debra
                  DOglesby
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
D Oglesby







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.














DENN Debra Smithart-Oglesby Insider Trades for Denny's Corp.


































Bulletin






Investor Alert





















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Denny's Corp.

                  NASDAQ: DENN
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Denny's Corp.



After Hours
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 21, 2017, 4:33 p.m.


DENN

/quotes/zigman/88492/composite


$
11.61




Change

-0.0023
-0.02%

Volume
Volume 10,621
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/88492/composite
Previous close

$
			11.66
		


$
				11.61
			
Change

-0.05
-0.43%





Day low
Day high
$11.59
$11.86










52 week low
52 week high

            $10.02
        

            $14.25
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Debra Smithart-Oglesby



Ms. Debra Smithart-Oglesby is Chairman at Denny's, Inc. and President at O/S Partners. She is on the Board of Directors at Cedar Fair Management, Inc., Cedar Fair LP, Denny's Corp. and Georgia Gwinnett College. Ms. Smithart-Oglesby was previously employed as Chief Financial Officer by Dekor, Inc., CFO & President-Corporate Services by First America Automotive Group, and Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President by Brinker International, Inc. She also served on the board at Noodles & Co. She received her undergraduate degree from The University of Texas at Arlington and an MBA from Southern Methodist University.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





11/16/2016
20,950


 
Disposition at $12.28 per share.


257,266


11/14/2016
33,000


 
Disposition at $12.31 per share.


406,230


11/11/2016
33,000


 
Disposition at $11.8 per share.


389,400


11/10/2016
33,000


 
Disposition at $11.57 per share.


381,810


11/03/2016
2,281


 
Disposition at $11.5 per share.


26,232


09/01/2016
18,900


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $5.39 per share.


101,871


09/01/2016
18,900


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $3.3 per share.


62,370


12/16/2015
18,900


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $4.1 per share.


77,490


12/11/2014
18,900


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $4.34 per share.


82,026





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Ms. Brenda J. Lauderback 
Chairman




Mr. John C. Miller 
President, Chief Executive Officer & Director




Mr. Christopher D. Bode 
Chief Operating Officer & Senior Vice President




Mr. F. Mark Wolfinger 
CFO, Director & Chief Administrative Officer




Mr. Michael L. Furlow 
CIO & Senior Vice President-Information Technology




Mr. Robert P. Verostek 
Senior Vice President-Finance




Mr. Thomas M. Starnes 
Chief Food Safety Officer & VP-Brand Protection




Mr. Stephen C. Dunn 
Chief Global Development Officer & Senior VP




Mr. C. Patrick Autry 
Chief Ethics & Compliance Officer




Mr. Ross B. Nell 
Treasurer & Vice President-Tax




Mr. John W. Dillon 
Chief Marketing Officer & Senior Vice President




Mr. Jay C. Gilmore 
Chief Accounting Officer, VP & Controller




Mr. Curt  Nichols 
Senior Director-IR & Financial Analysis




Ms. Jill A. van Pelt 
Chief People Officer & Senior Vice President




Mr. J. Scott Melton 
Secretary & Corporate Governance Officer




Mr. Timothy E. Flemming 
Chief Legal Officer, Senior VP & General Counsel




Mr. José M. Gutiérrez 
Independent Director




Mr. George Weaver Haywood 
Independent Director




Mr. Gregg R. Dedrick 
Independent Director




Ms. Laysha L. Ward 
Independent Director




Mr. Robert E. Marks 
Independent Director




Mr. Donald C. Robinson 
Independent Director




Ms. Debra  Smithart-Oglesby 
Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


X




Powered by














Log In




9:01 AM EDT
July 23, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
9:00aAlphabet earnings: A $2.74 billion hit for Google, potential YouTube results for investors
8:40aSurprise: Those ‘great’ companies generally turn out to be meh ... or duds
8:40aThis is how Congress could create a bipartisan health-care bill
8:40a4 fears an AI developer has about artificial intelligence
8:39aEx-health insurance CEO: 5 common but faulty beliefs about paying for health care
8:39aDraining the swamp starts with blowing up health care
8:02aThese 7 highly taxed companies need Congress to finally act on tax reform
8:02aBeyond Tesla: 7 stocks driving the autonomous car revolution
7:55aFifty years after the riots, Detroit is finally rising out of the devastation
7:00aYour Next Online Order Could Be Picked Out by a Robot
6:00a4 costly mistakes people make when buying cars
5:00aWhat’s a cameo – like Ed Sheeran on Game of Thrones – actually worth?
5:12pTrump says he has ‘complete power to pardon’
5:08pLawmakers reach deal on Russia sanctions bill: reports
5:00pAlphabet earnings: A $2.74 billion hit for Google, potential YouTube results for investors
3:30pYou can date someone who looks just like Donald Trump with this new online service 
3:29pWant to buy happiness? Splurge on these 5 things
3:28pThis is what people really buy when they emotionally overspend (hint: it’s not designer clothes)
2:40pJohn McCain is a war hero — but think twice before saying he’s ‘battling’ cancer 
2:38pThe dark side of cruises
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,580.07

-31.71
-0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,387.75

-2.25
-0.04%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.54

-0.91
-0.04%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15


































































Denny’s Appoints Debra Smithart-Oglesby Interim CEO - Pg.2 - TheStreet




























































 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 








































Denny’s Appoints Debra Smithart-Oglesby Interim CEO






Business Wire




Jun 8, 2010 10:52 PM EDT













 


















































   About Denny’s    Denny’s is one of America’s largest full-service family restaurant chains, consisting of 1,322 franchised and licensed units and 237 company-owned units, with operations in the United States, Canada, Costa Rica, Guam, Mexico, New Zealand and Puerto Rico. For further information on Denny’s, including news releases, links to SEC filings and other financial information, please visit the Denny’s investor relations website.   Forward Looking Statements   The Company urges caution in considering its current trends and any outlook on earnings disclosed in this presentation. In addition, certain matters discussed may constitute forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements involve risks, uncertainties, and other factors that may cause the actual performance of Denny’s Corporation, its subsidiaries and underlying restaurants to be materially different from the performance indicated or implied by such statements. Words such as “expects”, “anticipates”, “believes”, “intends”, “plans”, “hopes”, and variations of such words and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. Except as may be required by law, the Company expressly disclaims any obligation to update these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this presentation or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. Factors that could cause actual performance to differ materially from the performance indicated by these forward-looking statements include, among others: the competitive pressures from within the restaurant industry; the level of success of the Company’s operating initiatives, advertising and promotional efforts; adverse publicity; changes in business strategy or development plans; terms and availability of capital; regional weather conditions; overall changes in the general economy, particularly at the retail level; political environment (including acts of war and terrorism); and other factors from time to time set forth in the Company’s SEC reports, including but not limited to the discussion in Management’s Discussion and Analysis and the risks identified in Item 1A. Risk Factors contained in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 30, 2009 (and in the Company’s subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q).     



 








 































































 











Trending


Trump Just Resurrected the Ugly Practice Known as Civil Forfeiture for No Reason


GM May Slash Six Car Models to Combat Slumping Sales, Avoid Plant Layoffs


3 Things Tesla Doesn't Want to Admit


Don't Sleep on General Electric's Cheap Stock Price


Starbucks Has an Alarming Problem That Even Its Fans Must Admit Has to Be Fixed -- and Soon!











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















debra smithart oglesby - WOW.com - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation

















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images




Reference


Reference










Know Debra Oglesby? - Want Info on Debra Oglesby?



Ad
 ·
Records.TruthFinder.com



Want Info on Debra Oglesby? Just Search A Name and State.




Searches related todebra smithart oglesby



judge burt smithart


charles smithart murderer



smithart trucking


deborah oglesby




Web Results

Debra Smithart-Oglesby | Professional Profile

https://www.linkedin.com/in/debra-smithart-oglesby-a9633b13


View Debra Smithart-Oglesby’s professional profile on LinkedIn. LinkedIn is the world's largest business network, helping professionals like Debra Smithart-Oglesby ...


Debra Smithart-Oglesby - Executive Bio, Compensation ...

people.equilar.com/bio/debra-smithart-oglesby-denny-s/salary/649120


View Debra Smithart-Oglesby, Chairman of the Board at Denny's Corporation, Spartanburg, SC, executive profile on Equilar Atlas to see current salary at Denny's ...


DENN Debra Smithart-Oglesby Insider Trades for Denny's Corp.

www.marketwatch.com/investing/stock/DENN/insiders?pid=40431


Ms. Debra Smithart-Oglesby is Chairman at Denny's, Inc. and President at O/S Partners. She is on the Board of Directors at Cedar Fair Management, Inc., Cedar Fair LP ...


9 Debra Oglesby profiles | LinkedIn

https://www.linkedin.com/pub/dir/debra/oglesby


View the profiles of professionals named Debra Oglesby on LinkedIn. There are 9 professionals named Debra Oglesby, who use LinkedIn to exchange information, ideas ...


Debra Smithart-Oglesby | Denny | ZoomInfo.com

www.zoominfo.com/p/Debra-Smithart-Oglesby/45786086


View Debra Smithart-Oglesby's business profile as Board Chair at Denny and see work history, affiliations and more.


Debra Oglesby | Whitepages

www.whitepages.com/name/Debra-Smithart-Oglesby


View phone, address history, email, public records for the 32 people named Debra Oglesby. Whitepages is the most trusted directory.


Debra Smithart-Oglesby to speak at GGC commencement

www.ggc.edu/.../debra-smithart-oglesby-to-speak-at-ggc-commencement


Georgia Gwinnett College’s graduating seniors will be addressed by prominent business leader Debra Smithart-Oglesby at the college’s spring commencement ceremony ...


Debra Smithart-Oglesby - FindTheCompany

executives.findthecompany.com/l/8266/Debra-Smithart-Oglesby


Find compensation and employment information for Debra Smithart-Oglesby (Denny'S), including salary, stock awards, and previous employers.


FUN Debra Smithart-Oglesby Insider Trades for Cedar Fair L ...

www.marketwatch.com/investing/stock/fun/insiders?pid=40431


Ms. Debra Smithart-Oglesby is Independent Director at Cedar Fair Management, Inc., Independent Director at Cedar Fair LP, Chairman at Denny's Corp., Chairman at Denny ...


Denny’s Appoints Debra Smithart-Oglesby Interim CEO ...

https://www.thestreet.com/story/10778324/1/denny8217s-appoints...


Denny&#8217;s Corporation (NASDAQ: DENN) announced today that Debra Smithart-Oglesby, Denny&#8217;s Board Chair, has been appointed Interim Chief ...










Know Debra Oglesby? - Want Info on Debra Oglesby?



Ad
 ·
Records.TruthFinder.com



Want Info on Debra Oglesby? Just Search A Name and State.



Searches related todebra smithart oglesby



judge burt smithart


charles smithart murderer



smithart trucking


deborah oglesby




12345Next






Answers







List of stage names



List of stage names

more






James Brown



Keels, Doyle Oglesby, Fred Pulliam, Nash Knox and Nafloyd Scott. Influenced by R&B groups such as Hank Ballard and the Midnighters, the Orioles and...

more






List of people from Ohio



List of people from Ohio

more



















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | About our Ads
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Part of the AOL Search Network.








