

Timothy P. Smucker: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 24, 2017 3:51 AM ET
Food Products

Company Overview of The J. M. Smucker Company



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Timothy P. Smucker  Chairman Emeritus, The J. M. Smucker CompanyAgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 6 Board Members in 6 different organizations across 7 different industries.See Board Relationships73$207,500
Background

		Mr. Timothy P. Smucker, also known as Tim, served as Co-Chief Executive Officer at The J.M. Smucker Company from February 2001 to August 16, 2011. During 36-year career at The J. M. Smucker Company, Mr. Smucker held leadership positions at Houston Foods, as well as advertising and product development manager, Vice President of Corporate Planning and Executive Vice President of Operations at The J. M. Smucker Company. He has been the Chairman of The J.M. Smucker Company ... since 1987. Mr. Smucker has been Director of Hallmark Cards, Inc. since June 30, 2005. He has been a Director of Dreyer's Grand Ice Cream Holdings Inc. since 1997. Mr. Smucker has been co-Director since February 2001. He has been a Director of Earthgrains Bakery Group, Inc. since 2001. Mr. Smucker served as a Member of the Board of Governors at GS1 US. He has been Chairman Emeritus and Non-Employee Director of The J. M. Smucker Company since May 1, 2016. Mr. Smucker served as a Director of Huntington BancShares Incorporated, a regional bank holding company. He serves as a Trustee of The Ohio State University. He served as an Executive Director of The J. M. Smucker Company from October 1973 to May 1, 2016. He serves as a Member of the Advisory Board at ShareThis, Inc. He served as a Director of Grocery Manufacturers Association. Throughout his career, Mr. Smucker has been recognized with numerous awards and honors including the William H. Albers Award from the Food Marketing Institute, the Watson Rogers Award from the Association of Sales and Marketing Companies and Ohio's BEST Leadership Award. Mr. Smucker graduated from The College of Wooster in 1967 with a Bachelor's Degree in Economics and later earned his Master's Degree in Business Administration from the University of Pennsylvania's Wharton School of Commerce & Finance.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
One Strawberry LaneOrrville, Ohio 44667United StatesPhone: 330-682-3000Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
TrusteeThe Ohio State University1973-PresentChairman EmeritusThe J. M. Smucker Company1997-PresentDirectorDreyer's Grand Ice Cream Holdings, Inc.2001-PresentDirectorEarthgrains Bakery Group, Inc.2005-PresentDirectorHallmark Cards, Inc.
Education
Bachelor's Degree 1967College of WoosterMBA University of Pennsylvania - The Wharton School
Other Affiliations
Dreyer's Grand Ice Cream Holdings, Inc.Hallmark Cards, Inc.The Ohio State UniversityHuntington Bancshares IncorporatedEarthgrains Bakery Group, Inc.GS1 US, Inc.College of WoosterGrocery Manufacturers AssociationUniversity of Pennsylvania - The Wharton SchoolShareThis, Inc.


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
Total Annual Cash Compensation$82,500Total Calculated Compensation$207,500




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONNamePosition/CompanyCompensationSean M. Connolly President, CEO & Director Conagra Brands, Inc.$1.1MBenno O. Dorer Chairman and Chief Executive OfficerThe Clorox Company$976.2KDenise M. Morrison CEO, President & DirectorCampbell Soup Company$1.1MMark R. Hunter Chief Executive Officer, President and DirectorMolson Coors Brewing Company$1.1MIlene S. Gordon Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and PresidentIngredion Incorporated$1.2MCompensation as of Fiscal Year 2016.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact The J. M. Smucker Company, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


























 





Timothy P. Smucker (2020) - The Ohio State University





















Ohio State nav bar
Skip to main content

The Ohio State University




Help
BuckeyeLink
Map
Find People
Webmail
Search Ohio State











The Ohio State University



Board of Trustees














Timothy P. Smucker (2020)


Timothy P. Smucker, of Orrville, Ohio was appointed by Governor Kasich to serve as a member of The Ohio State University Board of Trustees for a nine-year term.
Timothy P. Smucker is Chairman of the Board  of The J.M. Smucker Company. The J.M. Smucker Company is North America’s leading marketer and manufacturer of brands such as Smucker's®, Folgers®, Jif®, Crisco®, Pillsbury®, and Eagle Brand®. Founded more than a century ago by Mr. Smucker’s great-grandfather, The J.M. Smucker Company has appeared numerous times on FORTUNE magazine’s annual listing of the 100 Best Companies to Work for in the United States, ranking first on the list in 2004.
Mr. Smucker has served on the board of The J.M. Smucker Company since 1973, serves as a director of Hallmark Cards, Inc., The Ohio State University Board of Trustees, Healthy Weight Commitment Foundation, and GS1 (global standards organization).
He has also held a variety of board positions in the past, including Grocery Manufacturers of America, Inc., Healthy Weight Commitment Foundation, The Consumer Goods Forum, Dreyer’s Grand Ice Cream, Inc., Huntington BancShares, Inc., Earthgrains Company, Kellogg’s, Gerber Products Company, Ohio Business Roundtable, GS1 US, and the President’s Export Council.He is an emeritus life member of the Board of Trustees for the College of Wooster.
He and his brother, Richard, were recognized by “Market Watch” as CEO’s of the year for 2009.
Mr. Smucker received his MBA from the University of Pennsylvania’s Wharton School of Commerce and Finance and his bachelor’s degree in Economics from The College of Wooster. He served in the Air National Guard from 1969 to 1975; earning the rank of Captain.
He and his wife, Jenny, have three children and five grandchildren.
Term: 6/29/2011-5/13/2020


University Board Members

Alex Shumate, Chair (2020)
Janet B. Reid, Vice Chair (2018)
W. G. Jurgensen, Vice Chair (2018)
Jeffrey Wadsworth (2019)
Clark C. Kellogg (2019)
Timothy P. Smucker (2020)
Cheryl L. Krueger (2021)
Michael J. Gasser (2021)
Brent R. Porteus (2022)
Erin P. Hoeflinger (2022)
Alex R. Fischer (2023)
Abigail S. Wexner (2023)
Hiroyuki Fujita (2024)
Alan A. Stockmeister (2025)
Alan VanderMolen - Charter Trustee (2020)
James D. Klingbeil -Charter Trustee (2018)



















Smucker, Timothy P. - The Wall Street Transcript













































 





































Timothy P. Smucker
TIMOTHY P. SMUCKER is Chairman and Co-CEO of The J.M. Smucker Company.
Mr. Smucker received an MBA degree in Marketing from the University of
Pennsylvania’s Wharton School of Commerce & Finance, BS in Economics
from the College of Wooster. He is the recipient of the 2001 Watson
Rogers Award from the Association of Sales and Marketing Companies. He
received 2000 Ohio’s BEST Leadership Award and was inducted into the
Ohio Foundation of Independent College’s ‘Hall of Excellence’ 2000. Mr.
Smucker has served on several Board of Directors. He was in the Air
National Guard as Captain from 1969-1975.
Related Interviews:Timothy Smucker - J.m. Smucker Company (sjm)July 30, 2001







CartLatest NewsJames Abate of Centre Asset Management Sees Consumer Demand Driving New Stock HighsMalcolm E. Polley of Stewart Capital and How to Play the Health Care StocksTimothy Biltz, CEO of Lumos Networks Identifies the Key Component for Future 5G NetworksThe Wall Street Transcript is a completely unique resource for investors and business researchers.Over 20,000 CEO, Equity Analyst and Money Manager InterviewsSubscribe now!Sign Up For Newsletter Weekly email with New In-Depth Interviews


Email: 



Most Popular InterviewsDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundJames A. Abate Published July 20, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: AMAT JNJ COH RL COG NVDA ADBE ATVI KLAC AMZN NFLX GOOG FB GLW MU 005930 000660 WFM JWN CMG GPS EQT RICE SPLS Buy ($25)Finding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesHenry  Beukema Published July 19, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: ORCL MSFT NSRGY AMZN WFM LRLCY AGN LNR Buy ($25)Better Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap SpaceMalcolm E. Polley Published July 18, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: PRAA HURN FII FL NKE AMZN WFM WBA RAD Buy ($25)Most Popular ReportsWireless Communications & Telecom Published July 14, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published July 11, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published June 30, 2017Buy ($175) 






Top Company Interviews






Register for a Free Account to gain greater access to
            The Wall Street Transcript right now




CEO INTERVIEWSInterview with the President and CEO: Lumos Networks Corp. (NASDAQ:LMOS)Interview with the Corporate VP of Business Development, Strategy and Investor Relations: DSP Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:DSPG)Interview with the CEO and Director: Tactile Systems Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:TCMD) 

SECTOR ROUNDTABLESNatural Gas Weighs Heavy On E&P Near-Term ProspectsRoundtable Forum:optimism Despite Uncertainty In For-profit EducationRoundtable Forum:a Shift In Focus To Natural Gas From Oil 

MONEY MANAGER INTERVIEWSDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundFinding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesBetter Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap Space 

ANALYST INTERVIEWSAnalyzing the Secular Drivers Within Communications Infrastructure and TelecomSatellite Companies Benefiting from Growth in Data TrafficIncreased Focus on Content as Consumers Shift to Digital Consumption 




Subscribe Today!







                Since 1963
                © The Wall Street Transcript 1997-2016
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy  
            





https://www.twst.com/wp-admin/admin-ajax.php

Pin It on Pinterest





































Share This





Twitter





Facebook





Google+





Gmail





LinkedIn








































×





Join now for free!
Already a member?






First Name 





Last Name 





Email address *








Create new account
 


or create an account with a social network.

Join with Facebook


Join with Twitter


Join with Google








Username or Email address: *





Password: *






LoginJoin now! | Forgot password?
 


or login using a social network


Log in with Facebook


Log in with Twitter


Log in with Google












   Timothy Smucker | The J.M. Smucker Company | ZoomInfo.com




Page Not Found - Relationship Science


























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology







Page Not Found

Oops! Looks like you followed a bad link.

Click here to start over.









Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤















Timothy P Smucker - LittleSis















Timothy P Smucker
Trustee, Ohio State University




add relationship
edit
flag


Tweet





Edited by
WileECoyote

almost 3 years ago
History






Timothy P. Smucker, of Orrville, Ohio was appointed by Governor Kasich to serve as a member of The Ohio State University Board of Trustees for a...
Timothy P. Smucker, of Orrville, Ohio was appointed by Governor Kasich to serve as a member of The Ohio State University Board of Trustees for a nine-year term.
Timothy P. Smucker is Chairman of the Board of The J.M. Smucker Company. The J.M. Smucker Company is North America’s leading marketer and manufacturer of brands such as Smucker's®, Folgers®, Jif®, Crisco®, Pillsbury®, and Eagle Brand®. Founded more than a century ago by Mr. Smucker’s great-grandfather, The J.M. Smucker Company has appeared numerous times on FORTUNE magazine’s annual listing of the 100 Best Companies to Work for in the United States, ranking first on the list in 2004.
Mr. Smucker has served on the board of The J.M. Smucker Company since 1973, serves as a director of Hallmark Cards, Inc., The Ohio State University Board of Trustees, Healthy Weight Commitment Foundation, and GS1 (global standards organization).
He has also held a variety of board positions in the past, including Grocery Manufacturers of America, Inc., Healthy Weight Commitment Foundation, The Consumer Goods Forum, Dreyer’s Grand Ice Cream, Inc., Huntington BancShares, Inc., Earthgrains Company, Kellogg’s, Gerber Products Company, Ohio Business Roundtable, GS1 US, and the President’s Export Council.He is an emeritus life member of the Board of Trustees for the College of Wooster.
He and his brother, Richard, were recognized by “Market Watch” as CEO’s of the year for 2009.
Mr. Smucker received his MBA from the University of Pennsylvania’s Wharton School of Commerce and Finance and his bachelor’s degree in Economics from The College of Wooster. He served in the Air National Guard from 1969 to 1975; earning the rank of Captain.
He and his wife, Jenny, have three children and five grandchildren.
Term: 6/29/2011-5/13/2020
 more »
 « less



Relationships


Interlocks


Giving


Political


Data



Business Positions



The J. M. Smucker Company



 • Chairman 
[+1]



 • Director ('73→?)






Huntington Bancshares



 • Director, Board Member (past)






Other Positions



The Ohio State University



 • Trustee 








College of Wooster
Private liberal arts college


 • Emeritus Life Member, Board of Trustees 






Education



University of Pennsylvania Wharton School
Penn business school


 • Graduate 






Holdings



The J. M. Smucker Company



 • Insider 






Donation/Grant Recipients



Republican National Committee
The Grand Ol' Party


 • 8 contributions · $62,800 ('00→'12)








John McCain
US Senator and Representative from Arizona


 • 1 contribution · $25,000 ('08)








RNC Republican National State Elections Committee



 • 1 contribution · $5,000 ('01)








Sherrod Brown
US Senator and Representative from Ohio


 • 3 contributions · $5,000 ('11)








Robert Jones Portman
US Senator and Representative from Ohio


 • 2 contributions · $4,800 ('09)








Lee Irwin Fisher
Lt. Governor of Ohio; Democratic Party candidate for Senate in 2010


 • 1 contribution · $2,400 ('09)








George W Bush
43rd US president, ex-governor of Texas, son of George H W Bush


 • 1 contribution · $2,000 ('03)








George H W Bush
41st US president; DCI 1976-77


 • 1 contribution · $1,000 ('92)



















Basic info





Types
Person, Business Person


Gender
Male


Birthday
1944

Industries
Food and kindred products manufacturing






Source LinksArticles documenting info on this page


Number of documents: 24
 :: see all 







« back


view more »






ListsAnalyst-created lists of people and org



Ohio State TrusteesOH trainingWall St. Goes to School









A project of the Public Accountability Initiative.
More about LittleSis.
Read the disclaimer.


























 



 The J.M. Smucker Company Announces Executive Appointments 
         










    










 






 











 









The J.M. Smucker Company Announces Executive Appointments

Feb 09, 2015, 16:30 ET
		  		  					
						 from   The J. M. Smucker Company 











 
















































 

 






















































 























 























 























 























 























 

 

 
 
 
 







Vince Byrd    
									
 Facebook
 Twitter
 Pinterest


Mark Smucker    
									
 Facebook
 Twitter
 Pinterest


Steve Oakland    
									
 Facebook
 Twitter
 Pinterest


Barry Dunaway    
									
 Facebook
 Twitter
 Pinterest


David West    
									
 Facebook
 Twitter
 Pinterest


The J. M. Smucker Company logo.    
									
 Facebook
 Twitter
 Pinterest

































 




 




Vince Byrd
 























 




 




Mark Smucker
 























 




 




Steve Oakland
 























 




 




Barry Dunaway
 























 




 




David West
 























 




 




The J. M. Smucker Company logo.
 


 
























































 




 






 


 


ORRVILLE, Ohio, Feb. 9, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- The J.M. Smucker Company (NYSE:   SJM) (the "Company") today announced a series of key executive promotions designed to position the Company for continued growth and success following the recently announced planned acquisition of Big Heart Pet Brands, which is expected to be completed by the end of the Company's fiscal year, April 2015.
Today, the Company announced that its Board of Directors, including Timothy P. Smucker, Chairman of the Board, and Richard K. Smucker, Chief Executive Officer, have approved the following changes, effective April 1, 2015:

Vincent C. Byrd will assume the role of Vice Chairman. Mr. Byrd currently serves as President and Chief Operating Officer. In this newly created position, Mr. Byrd, along with David West, will lead the integration and synergy efforts of the Big Heart Pet Brands transaction. Mr. Byrd has been with the Company for 38 years. 
Mark T. Smucker will assume the role of President, Consumer and Natural Foods. Mr. Smucker has 17 years of experience with the Company, most recently serving as President, U.S. Retail Coffee. 
Steven Oakland will assume the role of President, Coffee and Foodservice. Mr. Oakland most recently held the position of President, International, Foodservice, and Natural Foods. Mr. Oakland has been with the Company for 32 years. 
Barry C. Dunaway will assume the role of President, International and Chief Administrative Officer. Mr. Dunaway has 28 years of experience with the Company, most recently serving as Senior Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer.
In addition, following the anticipated closing of the Big Heart Pet Brands transaction, David West will assume the role of President, Big Heart Pet Food and Snacks. Mr. West is currently the Chief Executive Officer of Big Heart Pet Brands and has more than 25 years of food industry experience.  
These five individuals, along with Mark R. Belgya, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will report to Richard Smucker.
In addition to their management roles, Tim Smucker, Richard Smucker, Mark Smucker, and Vince Byrd will continue to serve on the Company's Board of Directors. David West will be nominated to the Board of Directors in conjunction with the closing of the Big Heart Pet Brands transaction.
"The executive promotions announced today, along with the talented teams that support them, continue to provide family leadership and broad management continuity, while also adding new talent to our leadership team," said Richard Smucker, Chief Executive Officer. "This leadership team has a proven track record of growing brands and businesses and continues our history of strong succession to ensure our Company's long-term growth."
 
 
 
 
 
About The J.M. Smucker Company
For more than 115 years, The J.M. Smucker Company has been committed to offering consumers quality products that bring families together to share memorable meals and moments. Today, Smucker is a leading marketer and manufacturer of fruit spreads, retail packaged coffee, peanut butter, shortening and oils, ice cream toppings, sweetened condensed milk, and natural foods products in North America. Its family of brands includes Smucker's®, Folgers®, Dunkin' Donuts®, Jif®, Crisco®, Pillsbury®, Eagle Brand®, R.W. Knudsen Family®, Hungry Jack®, Millstone®, Cafe Bustelo®, Cafe Pilon®, truRoots®, White Lily®, Martha White®, and Sahale Snacks® in the United States, along with Robin Hood®, Five Roses®, Carnation®, and Bick's® in Canada. The Company remains rooted in the Basic Beliefs of Quality, People, Ethics, Growth, and Independence established by its founder and namesake more than a century ago. For more information about the Company, visit jmsmucker.com.
The J.M. Smucker Company is the owner of all trademarks referenced herein, except for the following, which are used under license: Pillsbury® is a trademark of The Pillsbury Company, LLC; Carnation® is a trademark of Societe des Produits Nestle S.A.; and Dunkin' Donuts® is a registered trademark of DD IP Holder LLC. 
Dunkin' Donuts® brand is licensed to The J.M. Smucker Company for packaged coffee products sold in retail channels such as grocery stores, mass merchandisers, club stores, and drug stores. This information does not pertain to Dunkin' Donuts® coffee or other products for sale in Dunkin' Donuts® restaurants.
 
 
Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20150209/174337  
Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20150209/174340  
Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20150209/174339  
Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20150209/174338  
Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20150209/174378 
Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20071219/SMUCKERLOGO  
 
 SOURCE  The J. M. Smucker Company  

RELATED LINKS
http://www.smuckers.com



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  
















Feb 13, 2015, 07:00 ET
Preview: The J. M. Smucker Company Announces Fiscal 2015 Third Quarter Results




















Feb 03, 2015, 16:05 ET
Preview: The J. M. Smucker Company to Acquire Big Heart Pet Brands, a Leader in Premium-Quality, Branded Pet Food and Pet Snacks








My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.




 Read More











Jun 13, 2017, 08:02 ET
New Pillsbury™ Filled Pastry Bag Makes Frosting a Cinch






 More news releases in:

  Food & Beverages
Personnel Announcements












Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


  


	J.M. Smucker Co-CEOs Tim and Richard Smucker's salaries drop: What the Boss Makes | 						cleveland.com










































































Cleveland.com




















Back to Main Menu

Close

Customize Your Weather

Set Your Location:

Enter City and State or Zip Code





Congratulations!
Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time.





AccuWeather.com Quick Look

Change your current location »

View Full Weather Report










Search











Search Cleveland.com





Account
Sign In





Close


Sign in toCleveland.com






You are signed in as



Edit
Public Profile
Sign Out









Subscribe






The Plain Dealer
Sun News
Media Insider Rewards




















comments






J.M. Smucker Co-CEOs Tim and Richard Smucker's salaries drop: What the Boss Makes






Print
Email


Janet H. Cho, The Plain Dealer

	



	



By

	
		
	
		
			
	
		
	
	
	
	
	Janet H. Cho, The Plain Dealer

The Plain Dealer
 Email the author | Follow on Twitter
on July 08, 2011 at 10:54 AM, updated July 08, 2011 at 12:27 PM









 comments

















The J.M. Smucker Co.Brothers Richard, left, and Tim Smucker are Co-CEOs of the J.M. Smucker Co. in Orrville. This 2008 photo was taken after the company bought the Folgers Coffee Co. from Procter & Gamble Co. in Cincinnati.
This regular feature tracks 2011 executive compensation at publicly traded companies in Northeast Ohio. 
J.M. Smucker Co. 
Headquarters: One Strawberry Lane, Orrville 
Business: Manufacturer and distributor of top-selling brands of jam, peanut butter, cooking oil, baking products and coffee. 


Chairman of the Board and Co-Chief Executive Officer Timothy P. Smucker $5,210,094.00 


Change from previous year: -23.7 
Executive Chairman and Co-Chief Executive Officer Richard K. Smucker $5,488,384.00 


Change from previous year: -31.2 
In fiscal 2011, Timothy Smucker, 67, was paid a base salary of $853,000; a bonus of $17,060; stock awards of $2,345,750; non-equity incentive compensation of $1,053,500; pension and deferred compensation earnings of $892,439; and other compensation valued at $48,345. 
Richard Smucker, 63, was paid a base salary of $853,000; a bonus of $17,060; stock awards of $2,475,000; non-equity incentive compensation of $1,053,500; pension and deferred compensation earnings of $1,032,317; and other compensation valued at $57,507. 
(Although their base salaries rose 4 percent, their total compensation packages declined because other pay categories fell.) 
The other compensation category includes: company payments to defined contribution pension plans, life insurance and accidental death and dismemberment insurance premiums; personal use of the company's aircraft; reimbursement of club dues and expenses; annual physical examinations; financial and tax planning assistance; and tickets to entertainment venues. 
The company's board of directors "strongly urges" both Smuckers and their families to use the company's aircraft for all air travel "for efficiency and security purposes." 


OTHER KEY EXECUTIVES: 
Vincent C. Byrd $2,742,967President and Chief Operating Officer 
Steven Oakland $1,827,903 
President, International, Foodservice and Natural Foods 
Mark R. Belgya $1,586,409 
Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
Mark T. Smucker $1,414,200 
President, U.S. Retail Coffee 

SOURCE: Proxy filing on Thursday with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission

































Top Workplaces


Top Workplaces 2017

View the entire 2017 list

A glimpse of top winners
Top Workplaces survey methodology
Northeast Ohio's top places to work dating back to 2010
Millennial values redefining companies
These NE Ohio employers are hiring


More Top Workplaces »



Business Features






Northeast Ohio business and networking events







Northeast Ohio commercial real estate news







ScamFinder! Protect yourself from common scams








Active Discussions




Most Read














Business news in your inbox
Sign up to get our business newsletter twice a day, Mon.-Fri.
Leave this field blank 
 
optional



Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information.

See our privacy policy


Thank you for your subscription
We look forward to sharing with you some of the great content found on cleveland.com.  To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here.



















































 



 The J.M. Smucker Company Announces Leadership Transition to Foster Next Chapter of Growth and 
         










    










 






 











 









The J.M. Smucker Company Announces Leadership Transition to Foster Next Chapter of Growth and Success

		  Mark T. Smucker to Become President and Chief Executive OfficerRichard K. Smucker to Become Executive ChairmanTimothy P. Smucker to Become Chairman EmeritusMark R. Belgya and Steven Oakland Appointed to Vice Chair Roles on Executive Team
		

Mar 07, 2016, 16:15 ET
		  		  					
						 from   The J. M. Smucker Company 











 
















































 

 






















































 























 























 























 























 























 

 

 
 
 
 







Mark T. Smucker    
									
 Facebook
 Twitter
 Pinterest


Richard K. Smucker    
									
 Facebook
 Twitter
 Pinterest


Timothy P. Smucker    
									
 Facebook
 Twitter
 Pinterest


Mark R. Belgya    
									
 Facebook
 Twitter
 Pinterest


Steven Oakland    
									
 Facebook
 Twitter
 Pinterest


The J. M. Smucker Company logo.    
									
 Facebook
 Twitter
 Pinterest

































 




 




Mark T. Smucker
 























 




 




Richard K. Smucker
 























 




 




Timothy P. Smucker
 























 




 




Mark R. Belgya
 























 




 




Steven Oakland
 























 




 




The J. M. Smucker Company logo.
 


 
























































 




 






 


 


ORRVILLE, Ohio, March 7, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- The J.M. Smucker Company (NYSE:   SJM) (the "Company" or "Smucker") today announced that its Board of Directors has implemented a leadership transition plan that leverages the strong capabilities of the executive team, provides continuity in management, and underscores the Company's commitment to focusing on long-term growth and industry leadership.
Effective May 1, 2016, Mark T. Smucker, President, Consumer and Natural Foods, member of the Company's Board of Directors, and fifth generation of the Company's founding family, has been appointed President and Chief Executive Officer, succeeding Richard K. Smucker, who has served as Chief Executive Officer since 2011 and Co-Chief Executive Officer since 2001. Richard Smucker will become Executive Chairman of the Board, succeeding current Chairman Timothy P. Smucker, who will transition to the role of Chairman Emeritus and will remain on the Company's Board of Directors as a non-employee Director.
Gary A. Oatey, Chairman of the Board of Director's Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, said, "As an organization highly focused on talent development and operating with a long-term perspective, Mark's appointment reflects the Board's thoughtful approach to succession planning. Mark has consistently demonstrated that he is a visionary leader, an innovator, and a steward of the Company's unique culture. Mark has held senior positions in nearly all major businesses within the organization and has played an important role with acquisitions and business integrations over the past 18 years. The Board believes he is the right executive to lead Smucker in the years ahead. Additionally, we will continue to benefit from Richard's strategic oversight and institutional knowledge as he assumes the role of Executive Chairman. The changes announced today reinforce our commitment to maintaining Smucker's heritage and culture, which creates an environment where employees deliver exceptional results, benefiting all of our constituents."
"We are pleased to announce this leadership transition at an exciting time for our Company as we continue to deliver record results and our brands lead in key market categories," said Richard Smucker. "Today's announcement exemplifies the Company's long-term succession planning and underscores the tradition of management continuity that has shaped Smucker into the company it is today. On behalf of the Board of Directors and the entire Company, we are proud of Mark's numerous contributions and his accomplishments as a leader within our organization and our industry. We are confident that under his leadership, and with the support of our dedicated employees, the Company will continue to innovate, evolve, and grow in the years to come. Leading this organization has been an immense pleasure. I am grateful for the opportunity to have worked alongside the best team in the industry and look forward to many more accomplishments in the future."   
Mark Smucker said, "Our Company was built by thousands of families, just like ours, who have cared about its success for over 119 years. I am humbled to serve as a steward of this great company, leading and working with our talented team to build on our prominent market position, and drive continued growth and shareholder value at Smucker. I am honored to succeed Richard as the next Chief Executive Officer of the Company. He has not only been a valuable mentor to me throughout my career, he has also led our Company through a period of significant expansion and strategic transformation. As a result, today, Smucker and our family of iconic brands are stronger than ever. I look forward to working closely with Richard, the Board of Directors, our outstanding leadership team, and our talented employees across the Company, collectively serving all of our constituents – consumers, customers, employees, suppliers, communities, and shareholders."
Timothy Smucker added, "At Smucker, we have a remarkable team that is committed to developing leaders from within. Our unique culture is critical to our long-term performance and preserving its strength remains a priority for our Company. Mark's appointment to President and Chief Executive Officer and Richard's transition to Executive Chairman further demonstrate our adherence to our core values. Personally, it has been a privilege to lead the Board of Directors and oversee strategic initiatives that have bolstered the performance of each of our businesses. I am extremely proud of our team's achievements, dedication, and support. Particularly, I want to thank Richard for his years of relentless execution and visionary leadership that have ultimately resulted in our transformational growth, strong market position, and portfolio of iconic brands. I look forward to my ongoing involvement as Chairman Emeritus and wish Mark continued success in his new role as President and Chief Executive Officer. I have every confidence that the business will thrive under his direction."
Concurrent with these appointments, the Smucker Board of Directors has also promoted Mark R. Belgya and Steven Oakland to the additional management roles of Vice Chair, effective May 1, 2016. Belgya, currently Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will be Vice Chair and Chief Financial Officer, and Oakland, currently President, Coffee and Foodservice, will be Vice Chair and President, U.S. Food and Beverage. In addition to his role as Chief Financial Officer, Belgya will be responsible for strategy, mergers and acquisitions, government and industry affairs, and information services. Oakland will be responsible for the Company's U.S. food and beverage businesses, including U.S. retail coffee, U.S. retail consumer foods, foodservice, natural foods, U.S. retail sales, and marketing services. 
Richard Smucker added, "We are also pleased to name Mark Belgya and Steve Oakland as Vice Chairs of the Company. Both have been valued team members for more than 30 years and their contributions to Smucker's long-term success are innumerable. We are confident that their additional support and insights will be instrumental in achieving balanced growth for the Company. We believe this leadership team has a deep breadth of experience and is the strongest in the industry." 
Today's announcements are in line with the Company's long-term strategy and continued focus on creating a larger, stronger, and more diversified organization. 
About Mark T. Smucker
Mark T. Smucker has been President, Consumer and Natural Foods, since April 2015. Prior to that time, he served as President, U.S. Retail Coffee, since May 2011; President, Special Markets, since August 2008; Vice President, International, since July 2007; Vice President, International and Managing Director, Canada, since May 2006; and Vice President and Managing Director, Canada, since June 2004. Mark previously served as a member of the Board of Directors of GS1 US, which is a member of GS1, a leading global standards organization. Mark is the son of Timothy P. Smucker and the nephew of Richard K. Smucker.
About Richard K. Smucker
Richard K. Smucker has been Chief Executive Officer since August 2011. He served as Co-Chief Executive Officer from February 2001 through August 2011. Richard serves on the Board of Directors of the Grocery Manufacturers Association, Food Marketing Institute, and the Consumer Goods Forum. Richard is also a member of The Sherwin-Williams Company Board of Directors, and former director and chairman of the Cleveland Federal Reserve Bank.
About Timothy P. Smucker
Timothy P. Smucker has been Chairman of the Board since August 2011 and served as Co-Chief Executive Officer from February 2001 through August 2011. Timothy is a member of the Board of Directors of Hallmark Cards, Incorporated. Timothy is the Chairman Emeritus of the GS1 Management Board, a leading global standards organization. In addition, he serves as a trustee on The Ohio State University Board of Trustees. 
About Mark R. Belgya
Mark R. Belgya has been Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since October 2009. He was initially appointed Chief Financial Officer in January 2005. Mark has served in a number of accounting and finance related positions, including Vice President and Treasurer and Corporate Controller. He began his career at Smucker in 1985. Mark previously served as a member of the Board of Directors of MOM Brands, a privately held food manufacturer.
About Steven Oakland
Steven Oakland has been President, Coffee and Foodservice, since February 2015. Steven held various positions including President, International, Foodservice, and Natural Foods; President, U.S. Retail - Smucker's, Jif, and Hungry Jack; Vice President and General Manager, Consumer Oils and Baking; Vice President and General Manager, Foodservice, and General Manager of J.M. Smucker Canada. He began his career at Smucker in 1982. Steven is a member of the Board of Directors of Foot Locker Inc., a publicly held specialty athletic retailer, and MTD Products, a privately held manufacturer of outdoor power equipment.
 
 
 
 
About The J.M. Smucker Company
For nearly 120 years, The J.M. Smucker Company has been committed to offering consumers quality products that bring families together to share memorable meals and moments. Today, Smucker is a leading marketer and manufacturer of consumer food and beverage products and pet food and pet snacks in North America. In consumer foods and beverages, its brands include Smucker's®, Folgers®, Jif®, Dunkin' Donuts®, Crisco®, Pillsbury®, R.W. Knudsen Family®, Hungry Jack®, Café Bustelo®, Martha White®, truRoots®, Sahale Snacks®, Robin Hood®, and Bick's®. In pet food and pet snacks, its brands include Meow Mix®, Milk-Bone®, Kibbles 'n Bits®, Natural Balance®, and 9Lives®. The Company remains rooted in the Basic Beliefs of Quality, People, Ethics, Growth, and Independence established by its founder and namesake more than a century ago. For more information about the Company, visit jmsmucker.com.
The J.M. Smucker Company is the owner of all trademarks referenced herein, except for the following, which are used under license: Pillsbury® is a trademark of The Pillsbury Company, LLC and Dunkin' Donuts® is a registered trademark of DD IP Holder LLC.  
Dunkin' Donuts® brand is licensed to The J.M. Smucker Company for packaged coffee products sold in retail channels such as grocery stores, mass merchandisers, club stores, and drug stores.  This information does not pertain to Dunkin' Donuts® coffee or other products for sale in Dunkin' Donuts® restaurants.
Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160307/341041 
Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160307/341038 
Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160307/341040 
Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160307/341042 
Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160307/341039 
Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20071219/SMUCKERLOGO 
 SOURCE  The J. M. Smucker Company  

RELATED LINKS
http://www.smuckers.com



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  
















Jul 19, 2016, 07:30 ET
Preview: Dunkin' Donuts® Dares Coffee Lovers to Celebrate Life's Boldest Moments




















Feb 23, 2016, 07:00 ET
Preview: The J. M. Smucker Company Announces Fiscal 2016 Third Quarter Results








My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.




 Read More











Jun 13, 2017, 08:02 ET
New Pillsbury™ Filled Pastry Bag Makes Frosting a Cinch






 More news releases in:

  Food & Beverages
  Household, Consumer & Cosmetics
Personnel Announcements












Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 







Products - Smucker's
 





















 





 



 


About Smucker's
News & Promotions
Newsletter Sign-up

























Smucker Sites 


The J.M. Smucker Company
Smucker’s Online Store
Smucker’s Canada
Smucker’s Mexico
Away From Home
Mealtime Movement






















Looking for investor, career, or company information? Visit our new corporate site at JMSmucker.com.


                Close
            




 






  
 Jam, Jelly, or Preserves?

JELLY is made from fruit juice.
JAM is made from a blend of crushed pieces of fruit and fruit puree.
PRESERVES contain whole or large pieces of fruit, making them thicker and more fruit-filled than jams or jellies.
MARMALADE is made with shreds of citrus fruit peel.
FRUIT SPREAD is made from fruit and various types of sweeteners.
FRUIT BUTTERS are made from fruit pulp and sugar cooked together. 







    Make Life More Fruitful
For more than 100 years, Smucker's® has been bringing you the best quality products. From Smucker's Natural Fruit Spreads to our Spoonable Ice Cream Toppings, you'll find a variety of ways to make life more fruitful.







 

Fruit Spreads
Find a favorite fruit for any dish, with our wide variety of high-quality jams, jellies, and preserves.
See More 






 

Peanut Butter
Stir up something special with any of our Smucker’s Peanut Butter varieties.
See More 






 

Ice Cream Toppings
Drizzle on the fun with Magic Shell® Toppings, Spoonable Toppings, and more.
See More 






 

Uncrustables® Sandwiches
Serve up some fun with the sandwich that’s easy to take anywhere you go.
See More 






 

Syrups
Pour on the flavor with your choice of fruit syrups or specialty syrup.
See More 








Back to Top



 

























