

Jeff Smulyan - Chairman, CEO, and Founder Emmis Communications




































 













Who we are








Jeff Smulyan
Chairman, CEO, and Founder
Jeffrey H. Smulyan serves as Chairman of the Board of Emmis Communications Corporation, an Indianapolis–based diversified media company with operations in five U.S. markets.


 

Widely recognized as one of the most visionary leaders in the radio industry, Jeffrey H. Smulyan serves as Founder and Chairman of the Board of Emmis Communications Corporation, an Indianapolis–based diversified media company, principally focused on radio broadcasting with stations in five U.S. markets.
Smulyan is the leading advocate of getting FM-enabled wireless devices in smartphones. He shepherded the unification of the radio industry behind the installation of the Emmis-created NextRadio application in a broad array of FM-enabled wireless devices, allowing consumers to listen to their local radio stations without data charges.
Smulyan formed and became principal shareholder of Emmis in 1980. A public company since 1994 (Nasdaq: EMMS), Emmis owns and operates 16 FM and 3 AM radio stations in New York, Los Angeles, Austin, St. Louis and Indianapolis, as well as its hometown Indianapolis Monthly magazine. Emmis owns the two top hip-hop brands in the world, KPWR Power 106 in Los Angeles and HOT 97 in New York City.
A former director of the National Association of Broadcasters and former Chairman of the Radio Advertising Bureau, Smulyan served as past chair of the Central Indiana Corporate Partnership, a consortium of CEOs from central Indiana’s largest corporations, and sits on the Board of Trustees of his alma mater, the University of Southern California. He is a member of numerous civic boards and committees. As principal shareholder, he led a group that purchased the Seattle Mariners baseball team in 1989, selling the club three years later. During that time, Smulyan served on the Major League Baseball owner’s Ownership and Television committees.
Smulyan’s leadership has been recognized by the American Women in Radio and Television’s Silver Satellite Award, the National Association of Broadcasters’ National Radio Award, Radio Ink’s “Radio Executive of the Year,” the American Women in Radio and Television’s Star Award, the Sagamore of the Wabash, and the Entrepreneur of the Year Award from Ernst & Young. The radio industry newspaper, R & R, voted Smulyan one of the 10 most influential radio executives of the past two decades. He has been inducted in the Broadcasting & Cable Hall of Fame and the Indiana Business Hall of Fame. The Broadcasters’ Foundation honored him with its Golden Mike Award in recognition of his charitable efforts. In 2013, Smulyan was named a “Giant of Broadcasting” by the Library of American Broadcasting and in 2017 he will receive the Lowry Mays Excellence in Broadcasting Award by the Broadcasters Foundation of America. Emmis was named one of FORTUNE magazine’s “100 Best Companies to Work For,” a point of particular pride for Smulyan, who believes that creating a vibrant, collaborative company culture is critical to success.
In 1994, Smulyan was named by The White House to head the U.S. Delegation to the Plenipotentiary Conference of the International Telecommunications Union. As a United States Ambassador, he represented the U.S. in various bilateral meetings, negotiating a landmark agreement between Israel and the PLO.
A cum laude graduate of the University of Southern California with a B.A. in History and Telecommunications, Smulyan earned a Juris Doctor degree from USC School of Law, where he served as note and comment editor of the USC Law Review. Smulyan resides in Indianapolis with his wife, Heather. He has three children: Samantha, Cari and Bradley, and one grandson, Liam.






About Emmis
Eleven Commandments
History
Executives

Latest News
Emmis Announces First-Quarter Earnings Call
On Thursday, July 13, 2017, Emmis Communications (Nasdaq: EMMS) will host a conference call to discuss first-quarter results. Emmis Chairman/Chief Executive Officer Jeff Smulyan and EVP/CFO/Treasurer Ryan Hornaday will host the call. After opening comments, Smulyan and Hornaday will respond…
read more >>

Westwood One & NextRadio® Offer Unprecedented On-Air Radio Audience Reporting & Data Attribution
Media Contact: 5W Public Relations for NextRadio nextradio@5wpr.com 646-843-1818 This historic ROI milestone for American radio combines mass reach and big data to deliver national advertisers actionable insights and ROI at scale INDIANAPOLIS (June 28, 2017) – Westwood One, America’s…
read more >>

Emmis Announces Agreement to Sell LA’s Power 106 to Meruelo Group
Contacts: Ryan Hornaday, EVP/CFO & Treasurer, rhornaday@emmis.com, 317.266.0100 Otto Padron, President/COO, Meruelo Media, opadron@meruelomedia.com Indianapolis…Emmis Communications (Nasdaq: EMMS) has announced an agreement to sell KPWR-FM Power 106 in Los Angeles to an affiliate of the Meruelo Group for $82.75 million, subject to…
read more >>





Emmis Executives



 

Scott Enright, EVP, General Counsel                                



 

Patrick Walsh, President, Chief Operating Officer                                



 

Ryan Hornaday, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer                                



 

Paul Brenner, President, NextRadio/TagStation                                




















Jeffrey H. Smulyan, Important Indianapolis Resident and Media Mogul - FunCityFinder

































Indianapolis Indiana
News, Events & Things to Do in Indianapolis


Menu  HomeCities A-Z

Choose a Location

AvonBargersvilleBeech GroveBrownsburgCarmelCiceroDanville EdinburghFishersFortvilleFranklinGeistGreenfieldGreenwood IndianapolisLawrenceLebanonMartinsvilleMcCordsvilleMooresvilleNoblesville PlainfieldShelbyvilleSpeedwayTrafalgarWestfieldZionsvilleList of All Cities 

Community

Categories

BusinessCharityChildrenCultural DistrictsEducationDowntownHealth HotelsIndianapolis OverviewLocal InterestMediaOrganizationsPeople 

Event Calendar



Today’s EventsNext 7 DaysNext 30 DaysSearch EventsSubmit an EventVenuesReceive Calendar Alerts 

PhotosReal Estate

Start Here

Search Indianapolis HomesSearch Homes in Other Areas 


CondosGolf Course HomesLake HomesGeneral Real Estate CategoryMarket Reports 

Restaurant ReviewsSports



BasketballIndiana FeverIndiana PacersIndianapolis ColtsIndianapolis IndiansRacing 

Things to Do

Categories

365 Fun Things to Do in IndianapolisArtsAttractionsAutomotiveBars & ClubsCharityCinema & FilmDay TripsDowntown Fairs, Festivals & ExposFarmers MarketsFood & DiningMuseumsMusic & ConcertParksRecurring EventsShoppingTheatre 

VideosHome » Jeffrey H. Smulyan, Important Indianapolis Resident and Media MogulJeffrey H. Smulyan, Important Indianapolis Resident and Media Mogul
April 27, 2010  by admin One of the most notable people from Indianapolis is well-known mostly in the business world. Jeffrey H. Smulyan runs one of the leading media companies in the nation, Emmis Communications Corp. The firm’s corporate offices are out of the bustling Indianapolis business district in downtown Indianapolis, but Indianapolis media is not its sole focus. As a matter of fact, Smulyan currently leads a group seeking to buy up all the company’s shares and privatize the business, which went public in 1994, and whose long media arms stretch from coast to coast.
Emmis Communications was the first company of its type to own and operate highly-placed radio stations in both Los Angeles and New York simultaneously. Emmis has two AM radio stations and over twenty FM stations, situated in the strongest markets in the United States. The giant media powerhouse also owns and operates six magazines (including Indianapolis Monthly) and ten major radio stations outside the U.S. The company has nearly completed its planned sell-off of sixteen TV stations, concentrating instead on the radio market.
Who exactly is the man behind the media mastery? 
Jeffrey H. Smulyan was born in Shelbyville, a small satellite of Indianapolis, and now lives in Indy. He has a wife and three children and an affinity for sports and politics. The White House apparently developed an affinity for Smulyan as well, since it made him head of its Delegation to the Plenipotentiary Conference of the International Telecommunications Union in 1994, an ambassadorial position. Smulyan was instrumental in the negotiations of important agreements between the PLO and Israel during that stint.






Hear Jeff Smulyan in person as he directs this seminar for IUPUI‘s Entrepreneurship Club.



 
Jeff Smulyan took his History and Telecommunications B.A. at the University of Southern California, graduating cum laude. He then went on to receive a degree from that university’s School of Law. Thus prepared, he went out into the world of media, operating a station in Indianapolis and one in Omaha. In 1980, he founded Emmis Communications, becoming its principal shareholder.
Many honors and positions of recognition have punctuated Smulyan’s path to success: He was director of the National Association of Broadcasters, Chairman of the Central Indiana Corporate Partnership and Chairman of the Board of the Radio Advertising Bureau, for example. He presently serves the University of Southern California, his alma mater, on the Board of Trustees.
Smulyan received the Silver Satellite Award from the American Women in Radio and Television in 2000, preceded by a long list of other honors and awards, such as Indiana’s prestigious “Sagamore of the Wabash” and Entrepreneur of the Year from the Indianapolis Business Journal. In 1995, he was named by R & R, a top publication in the radio industry, as one of the ten radio executives with the most influence throughout the past twenty years.
A sports fan from way back, Jeff Smulyan is as proud of his financial partnership in Seattle’s major league baseball team, the Mariners, as he is of his Indiana Business Hall of Fame induction.
Smulyan’s company has likewise received much favorable recognition. Fortune Magazine named Emmis Communications one of the country’s “100 Best companies to Work For” in 2005, and home state Indiana has placed the company on its list of “Best Places to Work in Indiana” for the past two years running.
Clearly, Jeffrey H. Smulyan is one of the important movers and shakers in Indianapolis, a force to be reckoned with and a positive and valuable asset to Indianapolis society.
Read more details about the buyout in the PR Newswire release published yesterday.

Indianapolis People

Indianapolis Artists | Indianapolis People in the Media | Indianapolis Musicians | Indianapolis Sports Figures | Indianapolis Writers | Indianapolis Infamous People | More Indianapolis People
Famous Indiana People
Anderson Famous People | Avon Famous People | Bargersville Famous People | Brownsburg Famous People | Camby Famous People | Carmel Famous People | Cicero Famous People | Crawfordsville Famous People | Danville Famous People | Fishers Famous People | Fortville Famous People | Franklin Famous People | Greencastle Famous People | Greenfield Famous People | Greenwood Famous People | Indianapolis Famous People | Lawrence Famous People | Lebanon Famous People | Martinsville Famous People | Mooresville Famous People | Noblesville Famous People | Plainfield Famous People | Shelbyville Famous People | Westfield Famous People | Zionsville Famous People | More Indiana Famous People

Filed Under: News, People Newsletter Signup


 

 

 


Latest Videos


 


Specialty Homes



Waterfront


Golf Course




Condos


Distressed Sales




Luxury Homes


Historic Districts




Near Parks


Near Trails







In the Community…
Business
Charity
Children
Cultural Districts
Downtown
Education
Health
Hotels
Local Interest
Media
Organizations
People
Politics
Society

Archives
Archives

Select Month
 November 2016 
 September 2016 
 September 2015 
 May 2015 
 March 2015 
 February 2015 
 December 2014 
 November 2014 
 October 2014 
 September 2014 
 August 2014 
 July 2014 
 June 2014 
 May 2014 
 April 2014 
 March 2014 
 February 2014 
 January 2014 
 December 2013 
 November 2013 
 October 2013 
 September 2013 
 August 2013 
 July 2013 
 June 2013 
 May 2013 
 April 2013 
 March 2013 
 February 2013 
 January 2013 
 December 2012 
 November 2012 
 October 2012 
 August 2012 
 July 2012 
 June 2012 
 May 2012 
 April 2012 
 March 2012 
 February 2012 
 January 2012 
 December 2011 
 August 2011 
 July 2011 
 June 2011 
 May 2011 
 April 2011 
 March 2011 
 February 2011 
 January 2011 
 December 2010 
 November 2010 
 October 2010 
 September 2010 
 August 2010 
 July 2010 
 June 2010 
 May 2010 
 April 2010 
 March 2010 
 February 2010 
 January 2010 
 December 2009 
 November 2009 
 October 2009 
 September 2009 
 August 2009 
 July 2009 
 June 2009 
 May 2009 
 April 2009 
 March 2009 
 February 2009 
 December 2008 
 November 2008 
 October 2008 
 September 2008 


 
365 Fun Things to Do

 
Indianapolis Photos

 
Indianapolis Real Estate

Copyright © 2008 - 2017 · FunCityFinder.com  · This site owned by msWoods Real Estate, LLC · Advertise · Privacy · ContactConnect with us on Facebook · Twitter · Google+ Return to top of page










Jeffrey H Smulyan - Indianapolis, IN | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Jeffrey H Smulyan in Indianapolis, IN


Jeffrey H Smulyan

                                                                           Intelius found that Jeffrey H Smulyan  is  a male between 90 and 100 years old from Indianapolis, IN.  We have connected them to
                6 addresses,
                8 phones,
                and 3 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Age

Jeffrey H Smulyan is in his 90s

Jeffrey Has Lived In

Indianapolis, IN
Detroit, MI

Jeffrey's Relatives

Samuel Smulyan
Heather Smulyan
Natalie Smulyan







Jeffrey H Smulyan



Zodiac SignSagittarius



GenderMale



Professional Status
Chairman at Borshoff



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Jeffrey? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Jeffrey, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Jeffrey H Smulyan
Get a Criminal Check on Jeffrey H Smulyan
Get a Public Record Report on Jeffrey H Smulyan
Get a People Search Report on Jeffrey H Smulyan


Jeffrey H Smulyan's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Jeffrey H Smulyan has lived as well as Jeffrey H Smulyan's phone numbers and email addresses.




Jeffrey H Smulyan Has Lived in 2 States
Indiana Address for Jeffrey H Smulyan


6345 B** V**** C* 

Indianapolis, IN


Has Lived In

Indianapolis, IN
Detroit, MI


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Jeffrey H Smulyan

(317) ***-**** - Indianapolis, IN 
() ***-**** - Indianapolis, IN 
(317) ***-**** - Indianapolis, IN 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Jeffrey H Smulyan

j*************n@***.biz


Get Email Report




Jeffrey H Smulyan's Professional Information
Information regarding Jeffrey H Smulyan's professional history.  Find out previous places Jeffrey H Smulyan has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Jeffrey H Smulyan Has Worked at 1 Place
Company: Borshoff
               Title: Chairman
Jeffrey H Smulyan's Experience
Title: Chairman
               Company: Borshoff
Job Details
               Company Size: $1 mil to less than $5 mil - Employee Range: 25 to less than 100
Additional Professional Information on Jeffrey H Smulyan

 See Jeffrey H Smulyan's LinkedIn Profile



Jeffrey H Smulyan's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Jeffrey H Smulyan


Jeffrey H Smulyan's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Jeffrey H Smulyan's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Jeffrey Smulyan
Username Matches

                  JeffreySmulyan
                  SmulyanJeffrey
                  Jeffrey.Smulyan
                  Smulyan.Jeffrey
                  Jeffrey_Smulyan
                  Smulyan_Jeffrey
                  Jeffrey-Smulyan
                  Smulyan-Jeffrey
                  JSmulyan
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
J Smulyan







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.




















Jeffrey H. Smulyan - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Jeffrey H. Smulyan
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer at Emmis Communications Corp.


View Full Profile
Are you Jeffrey H. Smulyan? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Jeffrey H. Smulyan's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Jeffrey H. Smulyan's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Jeffrey H. Smulyan's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Jeffrey H. Smulyan through your network of contacts.
												








Jeffrey H. Smulyan's Executive Work History


Current


Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, 
Emmis Communications Corp.


Past
To view Jeffrey H. Smulyan's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
70

 
 


Jeffrey H. Smulyan's Biography



Mr. Smulyan founded Emmis in 1979 and is the Chairman of the board of directors and Chief Executive Officer. He has held the positions of Chairman of the board of directors and Chief Executive Officer since 1981 and was President until August 2015. Mr. Smulyan began working in radio in 1973, and has owned one or more radio stations since then. Formerly, he was also the owner and chief executive officer of the Seattle Mariners Major League Baseball team. He is former Chairman of the Radio Advertising Bureau; a former director of The Finish Line, a sports apparel manufacturer; and serves as a Trustee of his alma mater, the University of Souther ...
(Read More)

			Mr. Smulyan founded Emmis in 1979 and is the Chairman of the board of directors and Chief Executive Officer. He has held the positions of Chairman of the board of directors and Chief Executive Officer since 1981 and was President until August 2015. Mr. Smulyan began working in radio in 1973, and has owned one or more radio stations since then. Formerly, he was also the owner and chief executive officer of the Seattle Mariners Major League Baseball team. He is former Chairman of the Radio Advertising Bureau; a former director of The Finish Line, a sports apparel manufacturer; and serves as a Trustee of his alma mater, the University of Southern California. Among other awards, Mr. Smulyan has been chosen Radio Executive of the Year by a radio industry publication.
		
Source: Emmis Communications Corp. on 05/26/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Jeffrey H. Smulyan's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Jeffrey H. Smulyan. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Jeffrey H. Smulyan's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Jeffrey H. Smulyan's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Jeffrey H. Smulyan through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Jeffrey H. Smulyan


















Jeffrey H. Smulyan's Connections (306)





Sign up now to view Jeffrey H. Smulyan's 306 connections »









Alexander L. Cappello
Board Member, Virco Mfg. Corporation









Bill Kirkendall
Former Executive Vice President and President, JackRabbit, The Finish Line, Inc.









William P. Carmichael
Lead Director, The Finish Line, Inc.









Samuel M. Sato
Dir. and Chief Executive Officer, The Finish Line, Inc.









Ronald D. Sugar
Board Member, Apple Inc.









Alan H. Cohen
Board Member, Duke Realty Corporation









Derica W. Rice
Executive Vice President, Global Services and Chief Financial Officer, Lilly









Suzanne Nora Johnson
Lead Independent Director, Intuit Inc.









Jeffrey S. Cohen
Former Board Member, Baldwin & Lyons, Inc.









Gregory T. Loewen
President, Publishing Division and Chief Strategy Officer, Emmis Communications Corp.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Jan Koum
Board Member, Facebook, Inc.









Philip L. Milstein
Board Member, The Marcus Corporation












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993
















EMMS Jeffrey H. Smulyan Insider Trades for Emmis Communications Corp. Cl A


































Bulletin






Investor Alert





















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Emmis Communications Corp. Cl A

                  NASDAQ: EMMS
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Emmis Communications Corp. Cl A



Market closed
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 21, 2017, 3:59 p.m.


EMMS

/quotes/zigman/74055689/composite


$
2.86




Change

-0.10
-3.38%

Volume
Volume 21,643
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/74055689/composite
Previous close

$
			2.96
		


$
				2.86
			
Change

-0.10
-3.38%





Day low
Day high
$2.86
$2.97










52 week low
52 week high

            $2.14
        

            $4.25
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Jeffrey H. Smulyan



Mr. Jeffrey H. Smulyan is Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer at Emmis Communications Corp., Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer at Emmis Operating Co., an Advisor at BIA Digital Partners, a Member at American Bar Association, a Member at Indiana State Bar Association, a Member at The Federal Communications Bar Association, and an Advisor at Catalyst Investors LLC. He is on the Board of Directors at Alma Mater, Inc. and University of Southern California.
Mr. Smulyan was previously employed as Chairman by The Central Indiana Corporate Partnership and Chairman by The Radio Advertising Bureau. He also served on the board at The Finish Line, Inc. and National Association of Broadcasters.
He received his undergraduate degree from the University of Southern California and a graduate degree from the University of Southern California Gould School of Law.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value








        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. Jeffrey H. Smulyan 
Chairman & Chief Executive Officer




Mr. Patrick M. Walsh 
President, Chief Operating Officer & Director




Mr. Ryan A. Hornaday 
Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP




Mr. Richard F. Cummings 
President-Radio Programming




Mr. Gregory T. Loewen 
Chief Strategy Officer




Mr. Paul V. Brenner 
President-NextRadio & TagStation




Mr. Gary L. Kaseff 
Director




Mr. Chuck  Williams 
Senior Vice President-Market Manager




Ms. Marian  Conicella 
Vice President-National Sales




Ms. Traci L. Thomson 
Vice President-Human Resources




Mr. J. Scott Enright 
Secretary, Executive VP & General Counsel




Mr. Greg A. Nathanson 
Independent Director




Mr. Larry B. Sorrel 
Independent Director




Ms. Susan B. Bayh 
Independent Director




Mr. James M. Dubin 
Independent Director




Mr. Richard A. Leventhal 
Lead Independent Director




Mr. Peter A. Lund 
Independent Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




7:26 PM EDT
July 21, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	After


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
7:18pHow to Fix Wall Street, and Bankers' Pay
6:59pAmazon, Whole Foods look to head off lengthy deal review
6:45pHawaii adopts emergency plan for North Korea missile attack
6:24p California Wildfire Destroys Homes Near Yosemite
6:20pSpicer Quits as Scaramucci Accepts White House Job
6:20pWhy you shouldn’t order ice on a flight, and other ‘dirty little secrets’ 
6:09pIf you’re reading this, you have a 19.3% chance of being rich
6:07p5 unfortunate reasons why millennials can’t have nice things (or save any money)
6:06pThis is the deadliest time of your life to put on weight
6:06pIf, like Sean Spicer, you suddenly walk out — what should you do next?
5:37pA History of Sears: Through Highs and Lows
5:13pAre you a money bully?
5:10pHow real-estate TV shows determine what home buyers look for and what to do if you decide to quit your job like Sean Spicer
5:07pBREAKINGWall Street's 'fear gauge'--the VIX--just logged its second-lowest close in history
5:06pWhy it might be time to invest in the companies Amazon is destroying
5:06pThis is what should really worry you about stocks
5:04pBeware of the curse of the number 7 in the stock market 
5:00pS&P 500, Nasdaq post weekly gains as stock market finishes session lower
4:52pTwo-thirds of U.S. investors think stocks are overvalued
4:51pAttention, shoppers: ‘Amazon effect’ is creating bargain stocks
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,580.07

-31.71
-0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,387.75

-2.25
-0.04%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.54

-0.91
-0.04%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15
























































Jeffrey H. Smulyan J.D.: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 21, 2017 7:26 PM ET
Media

Company Overview of Emmis Communications Corporation



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Jeffrey H. Smulyan J.D.Founder, Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer , Emmis Communications CorporationAgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 8 Board Members in 8 different organizations across 5 different industries.See Board Relationships70$1,006,709As of Fiscal Year 2017
Background

		Mr. Jeffrey H. Smulyan, also known as Jeff, J.D., serves as an Operating Partner at Catalyst Investors. Mr. Smulyan founded Emmis Communications Corporation in 1979 and has been its Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer since 1981. He serves as the President and Chief Executive Officer of Emmis Operating Company. He is an Industry Advisor at BIA Digital Partners LP. He began working in radio in 1973 and has owned one or more radio stations since then. He was ... the owner and Chief Executive Officer of the Seattle Mariners baseball team. He has been an Executive Director of Emmis Communications Corp. since 1979. He served as President at Emmis Communications Corp from 1994 to August 2015. Mr. Smulyan serves as the Chairman of Emmis Operating Company. He serves as a Member of the Advisory Board at BIA Digital Partners II, L.P. He served as a Director of Finish Line Inc. from June 1992 to July 17, 2008. He sits on the Board of Trustees of Ball State University. He serves as a Trustee of University of Southern California. He was Note and Comment Editor of the USC Law Review at USC School of Law. He was the Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Radio Advertising Bureau. Mr. Smulyan was a Director of the National Association of Broadcasters. In 2000, he was honored with the American Women in Radio and Television's Silver Satellite Award, the National Association of Broadcasters' National Radio Award and as Radio Ink's “Radio Executive of the Year“ by a radio industry group. Mr. Smulyan was voted one of the Ten Most Influential Radio Executives in the past 20 Years in a poll in Radio and Records magazine. Mr. Smulyan is a cum laude graduate of the University of Southern California with a BA in History and Telecommunications. He earned a Juris Doctor degree from USC School of Law.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
One Emmis PlazaIndianapolis, Indiana 46204United StatesPhone: 317-266-0100Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
TrusteeUniversity of Southern CaliforniaTrusteeBall State UniversityChairman, CEO & PresidentEmmis Operating Company1979-PresentFounder, Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Emmis Communications Corporation
Education
BA University of Southern CaliforniaJD University of Southern California Law School
Other Affiliations
Catalyst InvestorsThe Finish Line, Inc.University of Southern CaliforniaEmmis International CorporationBIA Digital Partners LPBall State UniversityEmmis Radio, LLCUniversity of Southern California Law SchoolEmmis Operating CompanyBIA Digital Partners II, L.P.


Annual Compensation
Salary$933,450Total Annual Compensation$933,450
Stocks Options
All Other Compensation$34,544Exercisable Options$197,647Unexercisable Options$50,000Total Number of Options$247,647
Total Compensation
Total Annual Cash Compensation$967,994Total Short Term Compensation$933,450Other Long Term Compensation$34,544Total Calculated Compensation$1,006,709




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONNamePosition/CompanyCompensationBarbara Caroline Beasley Chief Executive Officer and DirectorBeasley Broadcast Group, Inc.$488.6KEdward K. Christian Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and PresidentSaga Communications, Inc.$990.9KEdward G. Atsinger IIIFounder, CEO & DirectorSalem Media Group, Inc.$977.4KRaúl  Alarcón Jr.Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and PresidentSpanish Broadcasting System, Inc.$1.7MWalter F. Ulloa Co-Founder, Executive Chairman and Chief Executive OfficerEntravision Communications Corporation$1.3MCompensation as of Fiscal Year 2016.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Emmis Communications Corporation, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





































Archived Event: Jeffrey Smulyan, CEO of Emmis Communications Corporation [EMMS] - Nasdaq.com











































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search










































Archived Event: Jeffrey Smulyan, CEO of Emmis Communications Corporation [EMMS]


May 07, 2014, 07:06:56 PM EDT
By Nasdaq CEO Signature Series










































Watch the archived CEO Signature Series interview with Jeffrey Smulyan, CEO of Emmis Communications Corporation [EMMS] (The interview was recorded on: Wednesday, April 16, 2014). Jeffrey Smulyan, Chief Executive OfficerJeffrey Smulyan, Chief Executive Officer  Widely recognized as one of the most visionary leaders in the radio industry, Jeffrey H. Smulyan, 66, serves as Founder and Chairman of the Board of Emmis Communications Corporation, an Indianapolis–based radio and magazine publishing company with operations in eight U.S. markets.Smulyan is the leading advocate of getting FM-enabled wireless devices in smartphones. He shepherded the unification of the radio industry behind the installation of the Emmis-created NextRadio application in a broad array of FM-enabled wireless devices, allowing consumers to listen to their local radio stations without data charges.Smulyan formed and became principal shareholder of Emmis in 1980. A public company since 1994 (Nasdaq: EMMS), Emmis owns and operates 18 FM and 3 AM radio stations in the nation’s largest markets and city/regional magazines, included national titles Texas Monthly and Los Angeles. Emmis owns the two top hip-hop brands in the world, KPWR in Los Angeles and HOT 97 in New York City. A former director of the National Association of Broadcasters and former Chairman of the Radio Advertising Bureau, Smulyan served as past chair of the Central Indiana Corporate Partnership, a consortium of CEOs from central Indiana’s largest corporations, and sits on the Board of Trustees of his alma mater, the University of Southern California. He is a member of numerous civic boards and committees. As principal shareholder, he led a group that purchased the Seattle Mariners baseball team in 1989, selling the club three years later. During that time, Smulyan served on the Major League Baseball owner's Ownership and Television committees.Smulyan’s leadership has been recognized by the American Women in Radio and Television’s Silver Satellite Award, the National Association of Broadcasters’ National Radio Award, Radio Ink’s “Radio Executive of the Year,” the American Women in Radio and Television's Star Award, the Sagamore of the Wabash, and the Entrepreneur of the Year Award from Ernst & Young. The radio industry newspaper, R & R, voted Smulyan one of the 10 most influential radio executives of the past two decades. He has been inducted in the Broadcasting & Cable Hall of Fame and the Indiana Business Hall of Fame. The Broadcasters’ Foundation honored him with its Golden Mike Award in recognition of his charitable efforts. Emmis was named one of FORTUNE magazine’s “100 Best Companies to Work For,” a point of particular pride for Smulyan, who believes that creating a vibrant, collaborative company culture is critical to success.In 1994, Smulyan was named by The White House to head the U.S. Delegation to the Plenipotentiary Conference of the International Telecommunications Union. As a United States Ambassador, he represented the U.S. in various bilateral meetings, negotiating a landmark agreement between Israel and the PLO.In 2013, Smulyan was named a “Giant of Broadcasting” by the Library of American Broadcasting alongside such media luminaries as Barry Diller, Alex Trebek, Morley Safer and Dick Cavett.A cum laude graduate of the University of Southern California with a B.A. in History and Telecommunications, Smulyan earned a Juris Doctor degree from USC School of Law, where he served as note and comment editor of the USC Law Review. Smulyan resides in Indianapolis with his wife, Heather. He has three children: Samantha, Cari and Bradley.



The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.











This article appears in:
Investing                           
                            
                                , Investing Ideas
















More from Nasdaq CEO Signature Series



Subscribe


















Related Investing Ideas Articles




Subscribe







USD/JPY Crashes Ahead Of Next Week's FOMC


						7/21/2017 04:57 PM
					



First Hawaiian Larger Than S&P 500 Component Navient Corp


						7/21/2017 04:42 PM
					



Hyatt Hotels Corp Larger Than S&P 500 Component Quanta Services


						7/21/2017 04:42 PM
					














Contributor:Nasdaq CEO Signature Series
CEOs



Follow on:

























Most Popular




Highest Rated








Microsoft Corporation Q4 Profit Advances 40%
Iraq plans to sell us dollar bond deal in coming weeks - sources
Petro River Makes Oil Discovery in Kern County, California
U.S. shale oil output seen up for eighth month at 5.6 mln bpd -EIA
XPO Logistics Announces Public Offering of Common Stock







Merck and Pfizer Collaborate with Corning to Modernize ...
Chipotle: The Bull Case For Queso
Lockheed Martin Invests in contextere to Transform the Future of Work...
PetIQ, Inc. (Nasdaq: PETQ) to Ring The Nasdaq Stock Market Opening...
Morgan Stanley chooses Frankfurt as EU hub post Brexit - source




View All Highest Rated






















Research Brokers before you trade



		Compare Online Brokers
	


Want to trade FX?



		Visit our Forex Broker Center 
	
















Find a Credit Card



                    Select a credit card product by:
                


 Card Type
 Credit Score
 Card Issuer



                    Select an offer:
                





0% APR Credit CardsAirline Credit CardsBalance Transfer Credit CardsBusiness Credit CardsCash Back Credit CardsCharge CardsCharge Cards for BusinessEMV Smart ChipsGas Cards & Auto RewardsHome Improvement Rewards Credit CardsInstant Approval Credit CardsLow Interest Credit CardsNo Annual Fee Credit CardsNo Foreign Transaction Fee Credit CardsPoints Rewards Credit CardsPrepaid & Debit CardsReward Credit CardsStudent Credit CardsTop 10 Best Credit Card Deals and Offers




Bad CreditCredit Quality AverageCredit Quality ExcellentCredit Quality FairCredit Quality GoodLimited or No Credit HistoryPersonal Loans




American ExpressAmerican Express Airline CardsAmerican Express Business CardsAmerican Express Cash Back Credit CardsAmerican Express Charge CardsBarclaycardCapital OneCapital One Cash BackCapital One Fair CreditCapital One MilesCapital One PointsCapital One Prepaid Credit CardsChaseCiti Credit CardsDiscoverDiscover CashbackDiscover MilesDiscover Student Credit CardsMasterCard Credit CardsU.S. BankUSAAUSAA SavingsVisa Credit Cards







Search





Data Provided by BankRate.com






Stocks

Referenced





EMMS








83%



Rate It































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX



















































Jeff Smulyan to be recognized as one of the Giants of Broadcasting - Jewish Business NewsJewish Business News	


























































































































































Saturday 22 July, 2017




 






 







Contact & Subscribe


JOIN OUR TEAM






 






Palestinian President Abbas asks Kushner to intervene in Temple Mount crisis These are the Countries where you can BUY CITIZENSHIP Salvador Dali's Body will be taken out of the grave for DNA paternity testing Israel’s Ben Gurion Airport Ranked In World’s best international airport Who’s lynching prime minister? They are all selected by Netanyahu 






























Business

Financial

Banking & Insurance
Company Earnings
Corporate Finance
Credit Markets
Economic News
Equity Issues
Financial Research
IPO Talk
Personal Finance
Private Equity
Stock Picks


Agriculture
Business Failures
Business Stories
Entertainment
Company News
General
Media
Food & Dining
Industries
Mergers & Acquisitions
Natural Resources & Energy
Security & Defense
Food & Dining
Shareholder Activism
Retail
Sports
Transportation & Cars


Trump Report Daily
Politics

Business
Religion
Terrorism
Media
Government
Israel-Palestine
Elections
International
Anti-Semitism
Trump Presidency
Trump Administration
War


Real Estate

Fashion & Cosmetics
Hotels
Office
Retail, Industrial and Commercial
Sport & Entertainment
Residential


Court

Law Suits
Crime


NewsMakers & The a List

Business Leaders
Politicians
Scientists & Thinker
The a-List


Technology & StartUps

Apps
Bio-Tech
From Around the World
Gadgets
Gaming
Technology
Security & Defence
StartUps
Venture Capital


New Research

Earth History
Health
Space


Culture & Art

Entertainment
Art
Books
History
Movies
Music
Television & Radio
Theatre


Life & Style

Celebs
Celebrity Homes
Horoscope
Just Business Talking
Life
Health
Philanthropy
Sports
Travel


News Briefs
Opinion & Articles

Articles
Jewish Thought


 




Home

World
US / Canada
Latin America
Europe
Eastern Europe
Israel & Middle East
Asia
Africa
Australia
 













Published On:
Thu, Jul 25th, 2013							
NewsMakers & The A List / Stock Picks / US / Canada | By								

Stanley Green									





Jeff Smulyan to Be Recognized as One of the Giants of Broadcasting





















–

 –
/ By Stanley Green/ 
Jeff Smulyan’s more than forty years as a pioneer of the radio industry will be celebrated at the 11th staging of the Giants of Broadcasting,    an annual event sponsored by the Library of American Broadcasting that honors companies and individuals whose efforts have furthered the interests of the television and radio industry.
The event,    scheduled to be held in New York’s Gotham Hall on October 16th,    2013,    Smulyan will be among an elite group of industry professionals who will be recognized for their contributions to  the media during the course of the last half-century.
Jeffrey Smulyan who serves as Chairman of the Board of Emmis Communications Corporation,    an Indianapolis–based radio,    TV and magazine publishing company with operations in 12 U.S. markets and Slovakia and Bulgaria,    will be joining 161 Giants of Broadcasting who have been honored by the Library since the awards were instigated in 2003.
 
Jeff Smulyan graduated cum laude from the University of Southern California with a B.A. in History and Telecommunications,    going on to earn a Juris Doctor degree from USC School of Law,    during which time he served as note and comment editor of the school’s Law Review.
After operating two radio stations – WNTS in Indianapolis and KCRO in Omaha. Jeff Smulyan founded Emmis in 1979 ,    taking it public  in 1994. Currently Emmis owns and operates 20 FM and 2 AM radio stations in the United States as well as radio stations in Slovakia and Bulgaria. In 1995,    Emmis earned the distinction of becoming the first company to own top-rated stations in New York and Los Angeles simultaneously. Over the past two decades,    Smulyan has been named among the most influential people in the radio industry.
In addition to his business activities,    Smulyan was named by The White House to head the U.S. Delegation to the Plenipotentiary Conference of the International Telecommunications Union in 1994. Acting as the United States Ambassador,    he represented the his country in a series of history shaping a series bilateral agreements,    particularly one between Israel and the PLO.
Jeff Smulyan sits on the Board of Trustees of the University of Southern California as well as being a member of numerous civic boards and committees in the city of Indianapolis and the state of Indiana.
Other honors that Smulyan has won include the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation’s Breath of Life Award; the Jewish National Fund’s Tree of Life Award,    the Leukemia Society Diamond of Hope Award as well as being inducted into the Indiana Business Hall of Fame. In 2006,    The Broadcasters’ Foundation honored Smulyan with its Golden Mike Award in recognition of his charitable efforts.
Jeff Smulyan is also recognized as being a considerate employer,    with Emmis being named one of FORTUNE magazine’s “100 Best Companies to Work For.”on more than one occasion.
In recent years,    Smulyan has been recognized as being among the principal innovators in the radio industry’s groundbreaking efforts to expand the reach of FM radio to a mobile platform.
 

Read more about: Cystic Fibrosis Foundation's Breath of Life Award, Emmis Communications Corporation, FORTUNE magazine, Giants of Broadcasting, Gotham Hall, Indiana Business Hall of Fame, Jeff Smulyan, Jeffry Smullian, Jewish National Fund's Tree of Life Award, Library of American Broadcasting, Plenipotentiary Conference of the International Telecommunications Union, The Broadcasters’ Foundation, The White House 




About the Author
 
Stanley Green - 




Related News






















0 comments




&nbsp


Get
            Livefyre
FAQ





Sign in



















                  + Follow
                





                  Post comment
                


















               
            































                      Link
                    
























Newest | Oldest






 






 






 


Most popular tags
technology
CEO
Business
United States
Israeli
new york
Jewish
Business/Finance
people
Israel 




























 

















							All Rights Reserved |
							Terms & Conditions |
							Privacy Policy |
Sitemap




Contact & Subscribe






































0
Comment


















Email:




Delivered by FeedBurner

































Jeffrey H. Smulyan Joins USC Board of Trustees | USC News





















skip to menu
skip to content


University of Southern California
USC News





Menu
Search
  search  



Menu
  search 



Subscribe

to receive USC News via email



subscribe







Jeffrey H. Smulyan Joins USC Board of Trustees


BY Gilien Silsby January 14, 2002



 
Jeffrey H. Smulyan, a USC alumnus and chairman of Emmis Commun-ications Corp., has been elected to the board of trustees. 
 Photo by Tony Valanis

Jeffrey H. Smulyan, chairman, president and principal shareholder of Emmis Communications Corp., an Indianapolis-based broadcasting company, has been elected to the USC board of trustees.
Smulyan is a presidential associate and a member of the board of councilors of the USC Annenberg School for Communication and the USC Law School. He is past regional director of USC’s Midwest Alumni Club and past president of the Indianapolis Alumni Club. He earned both his bachelor’s degree and a law degree from USC.
In announcing Smulyan’s election, USC President Steven B. Sample said: “Jeff Smulyan is a dedicated and energetic addition to our board of trustees. As an alumnus who served as class president in his senior year on campus, he has a deep commitment to this university and its mission. We look forward to his leadership.”
Smulyan founded Emmis Communications Corp in 1981. Today, the company – which went public in 1994 – boasts $650 million in annual sales. It owns and operates 23 radio stations in the nation’s largest markets, including New York City, Los Angeles (KZLA and KPWR – “Power 106”) and Chicago. It also operates 15 television stations in cities stretching from Orlando to Honolulu. Emmis also owns and operates six city and regional magazines, including Los Angeles, Texas Monthly and Atlanta.
Last year, Smulyan received the National Association of Broadcasters’ National Radio Award and as Radio Ink’s “Radio Executive of the Year.” 
“It is a great honor to be elected to the USC board of trustees,” Smulyan said. “I have such fond memories of the university from both my undergraduate and law school days. As a current USC parent, I have been very excited about the remarkable achievements that the university has made under Dr. Sample. It is with much pride that I accept this.”
After earning his J.D. degree from USC Law School in 1972, Smulyan entered the radio business, operating two stations in Indianapolis and Omaha before forming Emmis. As principal shareholder of Emmis, Smulyan led a group to purchase the Seattle Mariners baseball team in 1989. He sold the club three years later. 
Smulyan, a former director of the National Association of Broadcasters and former chairman of the board of directors of the Radio Advertising Bureau, serves as chair of the Central Indiana Corporate Partnership, a consortium of CEOs from the largest central Indiana corporations.
Smulyan also sits on the board of trustees of Ball State University and the board of directors of Finish Line Inc., an athletic apparel company. He is a member of the American, Indiana and Federal Communications bar associations and has served on numerous civic boards and committees.
In 1994 he was named by the White House as U.S. ambassador to head the delegation to the Plenipotentiary Conference of the International Telecommunications Union. 
A cum laude graduate of USC, Smulyan earned a B.A. in history and telecommunications in 1969. 
Smulyan enjoys sports, politics and reading. He lives in Indianapolis and has two children: Bradley, 19, and Cari, 21, a senior majoring in theater at USC.





Jeffrey H. Smulyan Joins USC Board of Trustees




Top stories on USC News


University
  
											USC Village, with the Los Angeles skyline in the background, is seen in this image from an overhead drone. (Photo/Courtesy of USC Capital Construction Development)										



Drone video: Fences are coming down, and USC Village is almost ready for its debutShops and restaurants are coming together, and the first of 2,700 student residents arrive at the $700 million development in less than four weeks.

 


Health
  
											A new report says that one in three cases of dementia could be prevented by decreasing risk factors such as poor childhood education, hypertension and obesity, and smoking later in life. (Photo/iStock)										



Experts: 1 in 3 cases of dementia preventableLancet Commission, including USC expert, has identified powerful tools to prevent dementia and touts the benefits of nonmedical interventions.

 


Humanities
  
											The Gaelic language and its impact on culture and identity was the focus of USC students during their trip to Ireland. (Photo/Martijn van Exel)										



Immersed in Irish culture, students learn why Gaelic language languishesHalf the world’s languages could disappear in a few decades, and USC Dornsife’s Tok Thompson is helping students figure out why — and what might be lost.

 



Subscribe

to receive USC News via email



subscribe

 










