










 













 




	SNAILZ Trademark of WOLF, DANNY J.. Serial Number: 76681368 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Paper Goods and Printed Material
SNAILZ










 
Get FREE email alerts













SNAILZ  Trademark Information
 WOLF, DANNY J.
Comic books; Stickers; Comic strips




Perfect for these industries

Paper Goods and Printed Material





Words that describe this mark
comic   books   stickers   comic   strips    
                                    




This is a brand page for the SNAILZ trademark by WOLF, DANNY J. 
                                in NEWBERRY SPRINGS, CA, 92365.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this SNAILZ trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner WOLF, DANNY J. of the SNAILZ trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the SNAILZ trademark.
                           






On Friday, August 31, 2007,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        SNAILZ by 
                        WOLF, DANNY J., NEWBERRY SPRINGS, CA  92365.
                        The USPTO has given the SNAILZ 
                        trademark serial  number of  76681368.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is ABANDONED - FAILURE TO RESPOND OR LATE RESPONSE.
                        The correspondent listed for SNAILZ is 
                        
                        
                                            DANNY JESSE WOLF of 
                                            51734 NATIONAL TRAILS HWY,  NEWBERRY SPRINGS, CA 92365-9044,  
                                .
                            The SNAILZ trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Paper Goods and Printed Material
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for SNAILZ 
                            is Comic books; Stickers; Comic strips. 
                            





Word mark:
 SNAILZ


  Status/Status Date:  


ABANDONED - FAILURE TO RESPOND OR LATE RESPONSE

7/16/2010






  Serial Number:  
76681368


  Filing Date:  
8/31/2007


 Registration Number:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Registration Date:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Goods and Services: 
Comic books; Stickers; Comic strips


 Mark Description: 
The mark consists of the word "SNAILZ", the dot on the letter "I" of which consists of a stylized snail, all surrounded by a circle.


 Type Of Mark: 
TradeMark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
2/26/2008


Last Applicant/Owner:

WOLF, DANNY J.NEWBERRY SPRINGS, CA  92365
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Drawing/Design + Words


 Design Search: 
See Similar Logos >>



                                                     Snails  (Animals  -  Reptiles, snails, frogs) see more design...


                                                    Stylized reptiles, frogs and snails (Animals  -  Reptiles, snails, frogs) see more design...


                                                    Plain single line circles  (Geometric figures and solids   -  Coding and searching guide) see more design...


                                                    Representations of animals or parts of animals forming letters or numerals, including punctuation (Forms of writing   -  Figurative elements forming representations of letters or numerals, including punctuation) see more design...




Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 ("SNAILS")


 Correspondent:


DANNY JESSE WOLF
51734 NATIONAL TRAILS HWY
NEWBERRY SPRINGS, CA 92365-9044







 Intent to Use Trademark - Applicant has not submitted proof of use in commerce the the USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (016) - Paper, cardboard and goods made from these materials, not included in other classes; printed matter; bookbinding material; photographs; stationery; adhesives for stationery or household purposes; artists' materials; paint brushes; typewriters and office requisites (except furniture); instructional and teaching material (except apparatus); plastic materials for packaging (not included in other classes); printers' type; printing blocks.


First Use Anywhere: 
Not provided


First Use In Commerce: 
Not provided





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your SNAILZ trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

7/16/2010
ABANDONED - FAILURE TO RESPOND OR LATE RESPONSE


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



DANNY JESSE WOLF


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of SNAILZ trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search snailz on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for SNAILZ 




SNAILZ is providing Comic books; Stickers; Comic strips.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 























Snailz, Inc. - Other- Sardoff  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









Snailz, Inc.

      Industry: Other
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    530 Seventh Avenue  
    New York, NY, 10018Phone: 646-U-SNAILZ 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-10-13


New


$600,000


$600,000


Debt Only


06b


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Darren M. Sardoff 
 Director, Executive 





















 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















  







Snailzapp


























 





































Coming Soon







































Snailz Painting in Staten Island, NY 10312 - ChamberofCommerce.com




   =     


        









Sign Up
Sign In
Contact Us


 














Search
 

near
 













Home
» New York
» Staten Island
» Paint & Graffiti Removal Contractors
» Snailz Painting













Snailz Painting


0 Reviews

0.0000 stars - based on 0 reviews
                            





30 Patty Ct  Staten Island, New York 10312


(718) 967-0184


 



 

Print |
                Save |
                Directions


About
Snailz Painting is located at the address 30 Patty Ct in Staten Island, New York 10312.  They can be contacted via phone at (718) 967-0184 for pricing, hours and directions.  Snailz Painting specializes in Stucco, Decks & Patios, Residential.  Snailz Painting has an annual sales volume of 501K - 999,999.  .Snailz Painting provides Installation & Replacements, Spraying, Foundations to it's customers.  For maps and directions to Snailz Painting view the map to the right.  For reviews of Snailz Painting see below.









Business Features

PRODUCTS


Doors
, Trim
, Laminates
, Covers
, Siding
, Storm Doors
, Tiles
, Seamless Gutters
, Brick
, Seamless Aluminum Gutters



SERVICES


Spraying
, Commercial Services
, Metal Work
, Waterscaping
, Installation & Replacements
, Mowing
, Bathrooms
, Disinfecting
, Replacements
, Foundations


 BRANDS


Certainteed
, Timberline
, Vista Paints
, Sinclair
, Kelly Moore
, Hunter Douglas
, Sherwin Williams
, All American
, Hardi Plank
, Carlisle


 SPECIALTIES


Gravel
, Pressure Washers
, Decks & Patios
, Materials Cleaned
, Leaves
, Wood
, Residential
, Buildings
, Stucco
, Cabinets & Countertops



 


Information

CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (718) 967-0184
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Employee Size: 1 To 4
Exact Employee Count: 1
Exact Sales Volume: 39000
Location Type: Single Location
Sales Volume: 501K - 999,999
CATEGORIES:


Paint & Graffiti Removal Contractors
Painting & Wall Covering Contractors
Construction
Specialty Contractors



People Also Viewed


All City Painting


111 Storer Ave Ste 1D  Staten Island, New York 10309




Top Finish Painting


66 Country Dr N  Staten Island, New York 10314




Berardi Pasquale Inc


326 Bradford Ave  Staten Island, New York 10309




Pci Preferred Construction Inc


18 Clovis Rd  Staten Island, New York 10308




Trabisco Painting Corp


58 Scarboro Ave  Staten Island, New York 10305




Strip Quik Metal Cleaning


101 Ellis st Ste 2  Staten Island, New York 10307





Reviews

Add


You must Sign in to post reviews.





by  on 






Click here to be the first to review this business...



0 Reviews
 























 






Site Map
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
About
Partners
Chamber Partner Program
Chamber Member Benefits




Top Cities:
Atlanta
Bronx
Brooklyn
Chicago
Cleveland
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Phoenix
Saint Louis
San Antonio
San Diego
San Jose


© 2017 CHAMBEROFCOMMERCE.COM

















privacy – Snailz










































































  privacy






Privacy
This privacy policy (this “Policy”) explains how personal information is collected, used, and disclosed by Snailz, Inc. (“Snailz” or “we”). This Policy applies to consumer users (individually referred to as “you”) of Snailz’s websites, applications, and other online services (collectively, our “Sites”).
Other third parties, such as salons at which you make bookings through our Sites, salons that you pay through our Sites, and social networks that you use in connection with our Sites, may also collect, use, and share information about you. This Policy does not cover such third parties or their services. For information about third-party privacy practices, please consult with them directly.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We collect information about you in various ways when you use our Sites. We use this information to, among other things, provide the functionality and improve the quality of our Sites and personalize your experience. For example, we may collect your name, email address, postal address, phone number (including your mobile phone number), billing information, survey responses, demographics, primary city, current and prior salon booking details, favorite salons, special salon requests, passwords, contact information of people you add to, or notify of, your salon bookings through our Sites, and other information you provide on our Sites. If you use our mobile application, we may also collect your mobile device ID, your precise location data, and the salon search locations you select. For certain services on our Sites, credit or debit card account information may be required. We may also obtain information from other sources, such as third-party websites, applications, and services (each, a “Third-Party Platform”), through which you connect with our Sites and combine that with information we collect on our Sites.
When you visit our Sites, some information is automatically collected. For example, when you visit our Sites, we may automatically collect your location, computer operating system, Internet Protocol (IP) address, access times, browser type and language, and the website you visited before our Sites. We also collect information about your usage and activity on our Sites using certain technologies, such as:
Cookies. We may automatically collect information using “cookies” and similar technology. Cookies are small data files that may have unique identifiers and reside, among other places, on your computer or mobile device, in emails we send to you, and on our web pages. Among other things, cookies help us improve our Sites and your experience. We use cookies to see which areas and features of our Sites are popular and to count visits to our Sites. We may access information contained in cookies placed on your device by a Third-Party Platform as permitted by the terms of your agreement and privacy settings with such Third-Party Platform. We may share this information with the Third-Party Platform for its use as permitted by the terms of your agreement and privacy settings with such Third- Party Platform.
Web Beacons.  We may collect information using web beacons. Web beacons are electronic images that may be used on our Sites or in our emails. We use web beacons to deliver cookies, count visits, understand usage and campaign effectiveness, and tell whether you open an email and act upon it. Do-Not-Track Signals. We currently do not employ technology that recognizes “do-not-track” signals from your browser. We may engage third parties, such as marketing or analytics partners, who may collect information about your online activities over time and across different websites when you use our Sites.
HOW WE USE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We use personal information collected through our Sites for the purposes described in this Policy or disclosed to you on our Sites or otherwise in connection with our services. For example, we may use your information to:

make and change your salon bookings made through our Sites; offer you, or provide you with, products and services, and the ability to pay your bill at a salon through our Sites;
operate and improve our Sites, products, and services;
understand you and your preferences to enhance, personalize, and customize your experience and enjoyment using our Sites, products, and services, such as understanding your booking history to make recommendations about other salons you may like;
process and deliver contest entries and rewards;
display relevant advertising;
respond to your comments and questions and provide customer service;
send you information relating to our products and services, including booking confirmations, receipts, technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages;
communicate with you about contests, offers, promotions, rewards, upcoming events, and other news about products and services offered by Snailz, our subsidiaries, and affiliates; select salons; and our other selected partners;
link or combine with other personal information we get from third parties to help understand your needs and provide you with better service;
authenticate your credit or debit card account information; and
protect, investigate, and deter against fraudulent, unauthorized, or illegal activity.

By providing your mobile phone number, you expressly consent to receive direct dial calls, autodialed and prerecorded message calls, and text messages from us relating to our product and services at that number. Snailz may store and process personal information in the United States and other countries.
HOW WE SHARE INFORMATION
Information Shared With Salons
When you make a salon appointment through our Sites, your information is provided to us and to the salons with whom you choose to book. In order to facilitate your booking, your information is provided to that salon, just as it would if you made an appointment by calling the salon, emailing the salon, or using the salon’s website. When you make a salon appointment through our Sites and make a payment to a salon through our Sites, we may also share with the salons additional information, such as information about your booking preferences and history or information that we collect via Third-Party Platforms. You also have the option of indicating special preferences or providing comments about your appointment that Snailz will pass on to that salon.
We may share with salons summary reports of feedback from users. If you provide comments about a salon through our Sites, these comments may be shared with that salon. We will not tie your comments with other information that can identify you, but a salon may be able to tell who you are from your comments, particularly if you give your name in the comments or provide contact information, such as an email address. Information you choose to share with a salon when you make an appointment and pay a salon through our Sites may be used by the salon for its own purposes. Snailz does not control, and is not responsible for, the privacy practices of salons. Please contact the salon directly if you want to learn about its privacy practices.
Information You Share Socially
Our Sites may allow you to connect and share your actions, comments, content, and information publicly or with friends. Our Sites may also allow you to connect with us on, share on, and use Third-Party Platforms, including those on which Snailz has a presence.
 
Please be mindful of your personal privacy needs and the privacy needs of others as you choose whom to connect with and what to share and make public. We cannot control the privacy or security of information you choose to make public or share with others. Snailz also does not control the privacy practices of Third-Party Platforms. Please contact those sites and services directly if you want to learn about their privacy practices. Sharing with Others
We do not share your personal information with third parties other than as described above and as follows:

We may share personal information when you authorize us to share your information with other third parties (such as the salons at which you make bookings through our Sites) for their own marketing purposes, which are subject to the separate privacy policies of such third parties.
We may share personal information with affiliates, third-party vendors, consultants, and other service providers who work for us. Such third-party vendors may include vendors who provide fraud detection services to us and other third parties.
We may share your credit or debit card account information with third parties.
We may share aggregate statistical data for the improvement of services offered by our Sites.
We share personal information with third parties who provide services to us, such as data collection, reporting, ad response measurement, and site analytics, as well as assistance with delivery of relevant marketing messages and advertisements. These third parties may view, edit, or set their own cookies. We and our third-party service providers, advertisers, and/or partners may also place web beacons for these third parties. The use of these technologies by these third parties is subject to their own privacy policies and is not covered by this Policy.
We may disclose your personal information (i) to comply with laws and to respond to lawful requests and legal process, (ii) to protect the rights and property of Snailz, our agents and customers, and others, including to enforce our agreements, policies, and terms of use, and (iii) in an emergency to protect the personal safety of Snailz, its customers, or any person.
We may disclose or transfer your personal information to a third party if we sell, transfer, divest, or disclose all or a portion of our business or assets to another company in connection with or during negotiation of any merger, financing, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, transaction, or proceeding.
We may also share aggregated or de-identified information with third parties in our discretion.

SECURITY OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Snailz takes reasonable steps to help protect your personal information in an effort to prevent loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. When your credit or debit card account information is being transmitted to our Sites or through our Sites, it will be protected by encryption technology, such as Secure Sockets Layer (SSL).
To be clear, Snailz does not itself store your credit or debit card account information, and we do not have direct control over or responsibility for your credit or debit card account information. Our contracts with third parties that receive your credit or debit card account information require them to keep it secure and confidential.
Nonetheless, we cannot guarantee that transmissions of your credit or debit card account information or personal information will always be secure or that unauthorized third parties will never be able to defeat the security measures taken by Snailz or our third-party service providers. We assume no liability or responsibility for disclosure of your information due to errors in transmission, unauthorized third-party access, or other causes beyond our control. You play an important role in keeping your personal information secure. You should not share your user name, password, or other security information for your Snailz account with anyone. If we receive instructions using your user name and password, we will consider that you have authorized the instructions.
YOUR INFORMATION CHOICES AND CHANGES
You may opt out of receiving promotional emails from Snailz by following the instructions in those emails. If you opt out, we may still send you non- promotional emails, such as emails about your Snailz account or our ongoing business relations. You may also send requests about your contact preferences or changes to your information, including requests to opt out of sharing your personal information with third parties, to our contact information below.
Cookie choices. Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove cookies and to reject cookies. If you choose to remove cookies or reject cookies, this could affect certain features or services of our Sites.  Application location choices. Most mobile devices allow you to turn off location services. For more information about how to do this, please contact your mobile service carrier or your device manufacturer. If you choose to turn off location services, this could affect certain features or services of our Sites.
Limitation of Liability

In no event shall Snailz, nor its representatives, be liable under contract, tort, strict liability, negligence of other legal theory with respect to the Service or any content or user submissions.
You shall defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Snailz and its representatives from all liabilities, claims, and expenses, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, that arise from your (i) use or misuse of the Service; (ii) your access to the Site, use of the Services, violation of the Terms and Conditions by you; or, (iii) the infringement by you, or any third party using your account, of any intellectual property or other right of any person or entity.
You are solely responsible for your interactions with salons and other users of the Site. To the extent permitted under applicable laws, you hereby release Snailz from any and all claims or liability related to any product or service of a salon, any action or inaction by salon, including salon’s failure to comply with applicable law and/or failure to abide by the terms of a Snailz, and any conduct or speech, whether online or offline, of any other user.
IN NO EVENT WILL SNAILZ’S LIABILITY IN CONNECTION WITH AN APPOINTMENT OR A VOUCHER OR A PRODUCT OR SERVICE EXCEED THE AMOUNTS PAID FOR SUCH APPOINTMENT, VOUCHER, PRODUCT OR SERVICE. TOTAL AGGREGATE LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT SHALL NOT EXCEED THE AMOUNTS PAID BY YOU DURING THE SIX MONTHS PRECEDING THE BRINGING OF ANY CLAIM, OR FIVE HUNDRED DOLLARS, WHICHEVER IS LESS.

Additional Disclosures

You must be at least 13 years old to use this website and must possess the authority to create and binding legal obligation
Unsubscribe. If you do not wish to receive marketing-related emails from us, you may unsubscribe from receiving them by sending “unsubscribe”to info@snailzapp.com.
Changing Personal Information. You may review, correct and/or update certain elements of your Personal Information by adjusting your preferences in your Snailz profile. We and our third party service providers are not responsible for altering Personal Information from the databases and/or other records of third parties with whom we and our third party service providers have shared your Personal Information.
Retention Period. We and our third party service providers will retain Personal Information for the period reasonably necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law.
The failure of Snaiz to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be deemed a waiver of such right or provision. In the event that any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable, the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in full force and effect.

CONTACTING SNAILZ
For questions about accessing, changing, or deleting your personal information, please visit http://www.snailzapp.com/ or contact customer support at 646-876-2459 or via email at info@snaillzapp.com. For questions or opinions on this Policy, please contact Snailz via email at info@snailzapp.com or by postal mail at: Snailz, Attn: Legal Department, 530 Seventh Avenue, New York, NY 10018.
CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
Snailz may update or revise this Policy from time to time. You agree that you will review this Policy periodically. If we make any changes to this Policy, we will change the “Last Updated” date above. You are free to decide whether or not to accept a modified version of this Policy, but accepting this Policy, as modified, is required for you to continue using our Sites. If you do not agree to the terms of this Policy or any modified version of this Policy, your sole recourse is to terminate your use of our Sites.










































Snailz


















































































 





HOW SNAILZ WORKS 

BOOKING A GREAT NAIL SALON IS NOW SUPER EASY 

DOWNLOAD APP 


BrowseBrowse Availability AtLocal Nail Salons
 


BookBook AConvenient Time
 


PayPay For ServicesOver The App




Post & ReviewView Photos& Read Reviews
 

 

 

 


mouse
Scroll Down
 



 













THREE EASY WAYS TO BOOK




No More Waiting! No More Calling!


             TAKE ME NOW Don't risk waiting as a walk-in. TAKE ME NOW shows you all the salons in your area that are available now. Book one and walk right in!                   TAKE ME LATER Need an appointment later today or maybe next week? TAKE ME LATER will find you that convenient time to book.      








 



 



 



 







     SAVE ME MONEY Check out the salons offering terrific money saving specials. SAVE ME MONEY saves you big!            


More Great Features


            MULTIPLE SERVICES Book for more than one person or multiple services for you!                 INVITE FRIENDS Send friends invites to book and join you at the salon!                 CANCEL OR MODIFY Easily cancel or modify appointments with one tap                 LOYALTY REWARDS Earn valuable loyalty points redeemable at any salon     


Why Snailz?


             SIMPLICITY Discover great salons and technicians and book appointments at the touch of a button. No more calling salons!                   CERTAINTY Whether you walk-in or book ahead, Snailz customers are high priority customers. No worries or waiting!      








 



 



 







             CONVENIENCE When your service is complete, just walk out. No need to checkout at the counter. Snailz keeps you moving and your nails fresh!                   COMMUNITY Read reviews and view photos from other Snailz users. Find your town's best talent!      


DISCOVER SNAILZ NEIGHBORHOODS




We are just getting started and will be adding more neighborhoods as soon as we can.





Want Snailz in Your Town?




Please enter the information below and you’ll be the first to know when we come to your town
and you’ll receive a thank you discount for helping us out!



























Browse | Book | Relax





Download the App Free
















Coming Soon!



















































