



Snyder Capital Management







































Snyder Capital Management
A focused, long-term, fundamental, high-quality value manager






Home





The Snyder Perspective:


We believe that investing with a long-term perspective in high-quality, under-appreciated companies will provide consistent, superior returns.




Privacy Policy | Terms of use












Snyder | Snyder Capital Management






































Snyder Capital Management
A focused, long-term, fundamental, high-quality value manager






Snyder





Snyder Capital Management


Asset management is and always has been our exclusive business.
Our Story  |   Assets & Clients
















Contact Snyder, directions, transportation | Snyder Capital Management






































Snyder Capital Management
A focused, long-term, fundamental, high-quality value manager






Contact





Contact Snyder Capital Management


SNYDER CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, L.P.
101 Mission Street, Ste. 1400
San Francisco, CA 94105
(T) 415-392-3900
(F) 415-391-9437
info@snydercapital.com
 
Contact Us











 


  




Please leave this field empty.

Directions

We are located at 101 Mission Street in San Francisco, at the corner of Mission Street and Spear Street, just across from the historic Rincon Postal Annex. Our building is a rust-colored granite highrise.
 
Transportation
By Car
101 Northbound – From the Peninsula
“Approaching the Bay Bridge (80 East), take the 4th Street Exit (Last SF Exit). At the end of the exit ramp, merge onto Bryant Street and stay in the left lanes. Turn left onto 3rd Street. Turn right at Mission Street. We’re seven blocks down at the corner of Mission and Spear.”
80 Westbound – Coming off Bay Bridge from the East Bay
“Take the Fremont Street exit from the far right lane. Turn left at bottom of the exit onto Fremont Street. Turn right at Mission Street. We’re three blocks down at the corner of Mission and Spear.”
101 Southbound – From Marin County across the Golden Gate Bridge
“After crossing the Golden Gate Bridge continue onto Doyle Drive. Take Marina Blvd. exit (on the left). Follow Marina Blvd. to the Safeway grocery store, and follow the street around the far side of the Safeway to the light at Bay Street. Turn left onto Bay. Turn right onto Embarcadero (where Bay Street ends). Go south on Embarcadero past the Ferry Building on your left. Turn right onto Mission Street just past the Ferry Building. We’re two blocks in at the corner of Mission and Spear.”
Parking
120 Howard Street, “Enter on Howard Street Central Parking System”
123 Mission Street, “Enter on Main Street City Park Rincon Center”
121 Spear Street, “Enter on Spear Street Ampco System Parking”
1 Market Plaza, “Enter on Spear Street Ampco System Parking”
201 Spear Street, “Enter on Spear Street”
 
By BART
Travel to the Embarcadero Station in downtown San Francisco. Follow the signs at the East end of the station to the Spear Street exit. At the top of the stairs, turn right and go down Spear Street. We’re one block South at the corner of Mission and Spear.
Click here to see train schedule.
 
By Ferry
Exit Ferry Terminal through main entrance, under clock tower.  Proceed straight, across trolley tracks onto Market Street one block.  Take a left onto Spear Street.  We’re one block down, diagonally across the street on your right.
Click here to see Ferry Schedule.
















Concentrated All-Cap Value strategy | Snyder Capital Management






































Snyder Capital Management
A focused, long-term, fundamental, high-quality value manager






Strategies





Concentrated All-Cap Strategy


The Concentrated All-Cap Value strategy invests in high-quality companies trading below their estimated intrinsic values with an emphasis on strong business profiles and sustainable competitive advantages. Our investable equity universe generally consists of U.S. companies with a market capitalization over $200 million.
Our objective is to invest in high-quality companies that can appreciate a minimum of 50% over a 3-year time horizon and whose expected appreciation potential is a multiple of their potential downside. This is achieved through a bottom-up portfolio construction process based on in-depth fundamental research and internal valuation analysis. A team of experienced portfolio managers, who are also analysts, implements this process.
The portfolio generally holds 20-30 stocks with typical positions ranging from 3-8%. Individual stock weightings are driven by each stock’s probability weighted risk/reward. Sector and industry weightings are generally the result of individual stock select
















Asset Management Strategies | Snyder Capital Management






































Snyder Capital Management
A focused, long-term, fundamental, high-quality value manager






Strategies





Market Strategy


Whatever market capitalization is preferred, Snyder brings the same thorough equity analysis to all asset management portfolios.
Small-Cap Strategy   |   Small/Mid-Cap Strategy   |   Concentrated All-Cap Strategy
















Small/Mid-Cap Value strategy | Snyder Capital Management






































Snyder Capital Management
A focused, long-term, fundamental, high-quality value manager






Strategies





Small/Mid-Cap Strategy


The Small/Mid-Cap Value strategy invests in high-quality companies trading below their estimated intrinsic values with an emphasis on strong business profiles and sustainable competitive advantages. Our investable equity universe generally consists of U.S. companies that meet at least one of the two following criteria:  a member of the Russell 2500™ Index, or has a market cap within the range of the Russell 2500™ Index when it was last reconstituted.
Our objective is to invest in high-quality companies that can appreciate a minimum of 50% over a 3-year time horizon and whose expected appreciation potential is a multiple of their potential downside. This is achieved through a bottom-up portfolio construction process based on in-depth fundamental research and internal valuation analysis. A team of experienced portfolio managers, who are also analysts, implements this process.
The portfolio generally holds 30-50 stocks with typical positions ranging from 2-8%. Individual stock weightings are driven by each stock’s probability weighted risk/reward. Sector and industry weightings are generally the result of individual stock selection.
















Asset Management | Snyder Capital Management






































Snyder Capital Management
A focused, long-term, fundamental, high-quality value manager






Snyder





Our Story


Snyder Capital Management is a focused long-term fundamental high quality value manager that specializes in managing Small-Cap Value, Small/Mid-Cap Value, and Concentrated All-Cap Value U.S. equity strategies.  Founded in 1984 and headquartered in San Francisco, the firm is 100% employee owned as of January 1, 2016 .
Distinguishing Characteristics include:

Experienced team of portfolio managers who are also analysts
Invest with a long-term perspective
Focus on companies with strong business profiles and sustainable competitive advantages and/or companies undergoing material change
Target companies trading below their long-term intrinsic value
Alignment of interests with our clients
Average client tenure greater than 10 years














Snyder Capital Management LP : Top Money Managers  

﻿






























Snyder Capital Management L P Raises Stake in AZZ Inc. (NYSE:AZZ) - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for AZZ Inc.

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor AZZ Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

Becton, Dickinson and (BDX) and Teleflex (NYSE:TFX) Critical Analysis
Citigroup Inc. Trims Bunge Limited (BG) Target Price to $88.00
Zacks Investment Research Lowers HCA Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:HCA) to Hold
Axcelis Technologies, Inc. (ACLS) Raised to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research
KAR Auction Services (NYSE:KAR) versus Carvana (CVNA) Financial Survey
Credit Acceptance Corporation’s (NASDAQ:CACC) “Hold” Rating Reiterated at Jefferies Group LLC
BlackRock, Inc. (NYSE:BLK) Shares Bought by GFI Investment Counsel Ltd.
Valicenti Advisory Services Inc. Has $4.26 Million Stake in Intel Corporation (INTC)
Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) Shares Sold by Capstone Asset Management Co.
CrestPoint Capital Management LLC Buys 19,500 Shares of Halliburton Company (NYSE:HAL)
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) Upgrades Orion Engineered Carbons S.A (NYSE:OEC) to “Buy”
Hiscox Ltd (LON:HSX) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Citigroup Inc.
Citigroup Inc. Raises Allstate Corporation (The) (NYSE:ALL) Price Target to $102.00
Stifel Nicolaus Reaffirms Hold Rating for Pentair PLC. (NYSE:PNR)
Caterpillar, Inc. (NYSE:CAT) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research
Analysts Expect Ellington Residential Mortgage REIT (NYSE:EARN) Will Announce Earnings of $0.47 Per Share
William Blair Brokers Decrease Earnings Estimates for The Blackstone Group L.P. (NYSE:BX)
LendingTree, Inc. (TREE) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $135.49 Million
Digiliti Money (DGLT) versus InVitae Corp (NVTA) Critical Analysis
China Distance Education Holdings Limited (NYSE:DL) vs. Houghton Mifflin Harcourt (HMHC) Head-To-Head Survey







Snyder Capital Management L P Raises Stake in AZZ Inc. (NYSE:AZZ)


					Posted by Oliver Carreras on Jul 8th, 2017 // No Comments




Snyder Capital Management L P raised its position in  AZZ Inc. (NYSE:AZZ) by 0.1% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 217,722 shares of the industrial products company’s stock after buying an additional 168 shares during the period. Snyder Capital Management L P’s holdings in AZZ were worth $12,954,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. 
Several other institutional investors have also modified their holdings of the company. Panagora Asset Management Inc. raised its position in shares of  AZZ by 40.5% in the third quarter. Panagora Asset Management Inc. now owns 117,129 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $7,645,000 after buying an additional 33,745 shares during the period.  Russell Investments Group Ltd. acquired a new position in shares of  AZZ during the fourth quarter worth approximately $1,146,000.  Comerica Bank raised its position in shares of  AZZ by 5.3% in the fourth quarter. Comerica Bank now owns 27,630 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $1,652,000 after buying an additional 1,387 shares during the period.  State Street Corp raised its position in shares of  AZZ by 6.3% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 570,078 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $36,425,000 after buying an additional 33,960 shares during the period.  Finally, Cortina Asset Management LLC raised its position in shares of  AZZ by 29.8% in the fourth quarter. Cortina Asset Management LLC now owns 107,724 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $6,884,000 after buying an additional 24,743 shares during the period. Institutional investors own  86.13% of the company’s stock. 


 Get AZZ Inc. alerts:



AZZ Inc. (NYSE AZZ) opened at 48.40 on Friday. The firm has a market cap of $1.26 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 20.77 and a beta of 1.59. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $55.61 and its 200-day moving average is $58.60. AZZ Inc. has a one year low of $48.35 and a one year high of $67.98. 





AZZ (NYSE:AZZ) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, July 6th. The industrial products company reported $0.51 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.70 by $0.19. The business had revenue of $208.60 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $225.08 million. AZZ had a net margin of 7.09% and a return on equity of 12.68%. AZZ’s revenue for the quarter was down 14.1% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period last year, the company posted $0.81 EPS.  On average, equities research analysts expect that  AZZ Inc. will post $2.69 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. 
The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, August 1st. Shareholders of record on Tuesday, July 18th will be given a dividend of $0.17 per share. The ex-dividend date is Friday, July 14th. This represents a $0.68 annualized dividend and a yield of 1.40%. AZZ’s payout ratio is currently 29.18%. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This story was  published by Chaffey Breeze and is owned by of Chaffey Breeze. If you are reading this story on another domain, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States & international trademark and copyright legislation. The correct version of this story can be accessed at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/08/snyder-capital-management-l-p-has-12-95-million-stake-in-azz-inc-azz-updated-updated-updated.html. 
A number of equities analysts have recently commented on AZZ shares. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of AZZ from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday, March 28th. Stifel Nicolaus cut their price target on shares of AZZ from $58.00 to $56.00 and set a “hold” rating on the stock in a report on Friday.
In other AZZ news, SVP Timothy E. Pendley sold 2,500 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Monday, May 1st. The shares were sold at an average price of $59.26, for a total value of $148,150.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the senior vice president now directly owns 31,426 shares in the company, valued at approximately $1,862,304.76. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, Director H Kirk Downey sold 4,088 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, May 10th. The stock was sold at an average price of $57.56, for a total transaction of $235,305.28. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now owns 9,156 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $527,019.36. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold a total of 6,725 shares of company stock valued at $391,552 in the last three months. 0.01% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. 
AZZ Company Profile
AZZ Inc is a provider of galvanizing services, welding solutions, specialty electrical equipment and engineered services to the power generation, transmission, distribution, refining and industrial markets. The Company operates through two segments: Energy segment and Galvanizing segment. Its Energy segment provides products and services designed to support industrial, nuclear and electrical applications.







Receive News & Ratings for AZZ Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for AZZ Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 















































Snyder Capital Management, L.P.                                                                                          - San Francisco                                     , CA         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



CA



San Francisco



Management Investment, Open-End



Management Investment, Open-end



                            Snyder Capital Management, L.P.
                                    



 





















S 


Snyder Capital Management, L.P.                                                                                         
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



1 MARKET PLZ STE 1200 SAN FRANCISCO, CA 94105
Get Directions



(415) 392-3900
www.snydercapital.com                                                                                   





Business Info



 Founded 2009
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $1,152,620.00
 Employee Count 1
 Industries Management Investment, Open-end
 Contacts Walter Niemasik                                                                                                         







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2009 the company has been providing Management Investment, Open-end. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







S

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.


















Contact Snyder, directions, transportation | Snyder Capital Management






































Snyder Capital Management
A focused, long-term, fundamental, high-quality value manager






Contact





Contact Snyder Capital Management


SNYDER CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, L.P.
101 Mission Street, Ste. 1400
San Francisco, CA 94105
(T) 415-392-3900
(F) 415-391-9437
info@snydercapital.com
 
Contact Us











 


  




Please leave this field empty.

Directions

We are located at 101 Mission Street in San Francisco, at the corner of Mission Street and Spear Street, just across from the historic Rincon Postal Annex. Our building is a rust-colored granite highrise.
 
Transportation
By Car
101 Northbound – From the Peninsula
“Approaching the Bay Bridge (80 East), take the 4th Street Exit (Last SF Exit). At the end of the exit ramp, merge onto Bryant Street and stay in the left lanes. Turn left onto 3rd Street. Turn right at Mission Street. We’re seven blocks down at the corner of Mission and Spear.”
80 Westbound – Coming off Bay Bridge from the East Bay
“Take the Fremont Street exit from the far right lane. Turn left at bottom of the exit onto Fremont Street. Turn right at Mission Street. We’re three blocks down at the corner of Mission and Spear.”
101 Southbound – From Marin County across the Golden Gate Bridge
“After crossing the Golden Gate Bridge continue onto Doyle Drive. Take Marina Blvd. exit (on the left). Follow Marina Blvd. to the Safeway grocery store, and follow the street around the far side of the Safeway to the light at Bay Street. Turn left onto Bay. Turn right onto Embarcadero (where Bay Street ends). Go south on Embarcadero past the Ferry Building on your left. Turn right onto Mission Street just past the Ferry Building. We’re two blocks in at the corner of Mission and Spear.”
Parking
120 Howard Street, “Enter on Howard Street Central Parking System”
123 Mission Street, “Enter on Main Street City Park Rincon Center”
121 Spear Street, “Enter on Spear Street Ampco System Parking”
1 Market Plaza, “Enter on Spear Street Ampco System Parking”
201 Spear Street, “Enter on Spear Street”
 
By BART
Travel to the Embarcadero Station in downtown San Francisco. Follow the signs at the East end of the station to the Spear Street exit. At the top of the stairs, turn right and go down Spear Street. We’re one block South at the corner of Mission and Spear.
Click here to see train schedule.
 
By Ferry
Exit Ferry Terminal through main entrance, under clock tower.  Proceed straight, across trolley tracks onto Market Street one block.  Take a left onto Spear Street.  We’re one block down, diagonally across the street on your right.
Click here to see Ferry Schedule.














Snyder Capital Management, L.P.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 21, 2017 11:10 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Snyder Capital Management, L.P.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Snyder Capital Management, L.P. is a privately owned investment manager. The firm provides its services to individuals, high net worth individuals, pooled investment vehicles, pension and profit sharing plans, charitable organizations, corporations and other businesses, state or municipal government entities, and native American sovereign nation. It manages separate client focused equity portfolios. The firm also launches and manages hedge funds for its clients. It invests in public equity markets of the United States. The firm invests in value stocks of companies across all market capitalizations by employing fundamental analysis with bottom-up approach to create its portfolios. It obtains ...
Snyder Capital Management, L.P. is a privately owned investment manager. The firm provides its services to individuals, high net worth individuals, pooled investment vehicles, pension and profit sharing plans, charitable organizations, corporations and other businesses, state or municipal government entities, and native American sovereign nation. It manages separate client focused equity portfolios. The firm also launches and manages hedge funds for its clients. It invests in public equity markets of the United States. The firm invests in value stocks of companies across all market capitalizations by employing fundamental analysis with bottom-up approach to create its portfolios. It obtains external research to complement its in-house research to make its investments. The firm was founded in 1984 and is based in San Francisco, California. Snyder Capital Management, L.P. operates as a subsidiary of Natixis Global Asset Management, L.P.
Detailed Description


100 Spear StreetSuite 1400San Francisco, CA 94105United StatesFounded in 1984



Phone: 415-392-3900

Fax: 415-391-9437

www.snydercapital.com







Key Executives for Snyder Capital Management, L.P.




Mr. Peter Andrew Eisele


      	Chief Executive Officer and Chairman
      








Mr. Seth Adam Reicher


      	President
      








Ms. Sonja Lee Commer


      	Chief Compliance Officer
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Snyder Capital Management, L.P., please visit www.snydercapital.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


























﻿






























Snyder Capital Management L P Raises Stake in AZZ Inc. (NYSE:AZZ) - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for AZZ Inc.

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor AZZ Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

Becton, Dickinson and (BDX) and Teleflex (NYSE:TFX) Critical Analysis
Citigroup Inc. Trims Bunge Limited (BG) Target Price to $88.00
Zacks Investment Research Lowers HCA Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:HCA) to Hold
Axcelis Technologies, Inc. (ACLS) Raised to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research
KAR Auction Services (NYSE:KAR) versus Carvana (CVNA) Financial Survey
Credit Acceptance Corporation’s (NASDAQ:CACC) “Hold” Rating Reiterated at Jefferies Group LLC
BlackRock, Inc. (NYSE:BLK) Shares Bought by GFI Investment Counsel Ltd.
Valicenti Advisory Services Inc. Has $4.26 Million Stake in Intel Corporation (INTC)
Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) Shares Sold by Capstone Asset Management Co.
CrestPoint Capital Management LLC Buys 19,500 Shares of Halliburton Company (NYSE:HAL)
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) Upgrades Orion Engineered Carbons S.A (NYSE:OEC) to “Buy”
Hiscox Ltd (LON:HSX) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Citigroup Inc.
Citigroup Inc. Raises Allstate Corporation (The) (NYSE:ALL) Price Target to $102.00
Stifel Nicolaus Reaffirms Hold Rating for Pentair PLC. (NYSE:PNR)
Caterpillar, Inc. (NYSE:CAT) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research
Analysts Expect Ellington Residential Mortgage REIT (NYSE:EARN) Will Announce Earnings of $0.47 Per Share
William Blair Brokers Decrease Earnings Estimates for The Blackstone Group L.P. (NYSE:BX)
LendingTree, Inc. (TREE) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $135.49 Million
Digiliti Money (DGLT) versus InVitae Corp (NVTA) Critical Analysis
China Distance Education Holdings Limited (NYSE:DL) vs. Houghton Mifflin Harcourt (HMHC) Head-To-Head Survey







Snyder Capital Management L P Raises Stake in AZZ Inc. (NYSE:AZZ)


					Posted by Oliver Carreras on Jul 8th, 2017 // No Comments




Snyder Capital Management L P raised its position in  AZZ Inc. (NYSE:AZZ) by 0.1% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 217,722 shares of the industrial products company’s stock after buying an additional 168 shares during the period. Snyder Capital Management L P’s holdings in AZZ were worth $12,954,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. 
Several other institutional investors have also modified their holdings of the company. Panagora Asset Management Inc. raised its position in shares of  AZZ by 40.5% in the third quarter. Panagora Asset Management Inc. now owns 117,129 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $7,645,000 after buying an additional 33,745 shares during the period.  Russell Investments Group Ltd. acquired a new position in shares of  AZZ during the fourth quarter worth approximately $1,146,000.  Comerica Bank raised its position in shares of  AZZ by 5.3% in the fourth quarter. Comerica Bank now owns 27,630 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $1,652,000 after buying an additional 1,387 shares during the period.  State Street Corp raised its position in shares of  AZZ by 6.3% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 570,078 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $36,425,000 after buying an additional 33,960 shares during the period.  Finally, Cortina Asset Management LLC raised its position in shares of  AZZ by 29.8% in the fourth quarter. Cortina Asset Management LLC now owns 107,724 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $6,884,000 after buying an additional 24,743 shares during the period. Institutional investors own  86.13% of the company’s stock. 


 Get AZZ Inc. alerts:



AZZ Inc. (NYSE AZZ) opened at 48.40 on Friday. The firm has a market cap of $1.26 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 20.77 and a beta of 1.59. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $55.61 and its 200-day moving average is $58.60. AZZ Inc. has a one year low of $48.35 and a one year high of $67.98. 





AZZ (NYSE:AZZ) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, July 6th. The industrial products company reported $0.51 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.70 by $0.19. The business had revenue of $208.60 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $225.08 million. AZZ had a net margin of 7.09% and a return on equity of 12.68%. AZZ’s revenue for the quarter was down 14.1% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period last year, the company posted $0.81 EPS.  On average, equities research analysts expect that  AZZ Inc. will post $2.69 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. 
The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, August 1st. Shareholders of record on Tuesday, July 18th will be given a dividend of $0.17 per share. The ex-dividend date is Friday, July 14th. This represents a $0.68 annualized dividend and a yield of 1.40%. AZZ’s payout ratio is currently 29.18%. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This story was  published by Chaffey Breeze and is owned by of Chaffey Breeze. If you are reading this story on another domain, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States & international trademark and copyright legislation. The correct version of this story can be accessed at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/08/snyder-capital-management-l-p-has-12-95-million-stake-in-azz-inc-azz-updated-updated-updated.html. 
A number of equities analysts have recently commented on AZZ shares. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of AZZ from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday, March 28th. Stifel Nicolaus cut their price target on shares of AZZ from $58.00 to $56.00 and set a “hold” rating on the stock in a report on Friday.
In other AZZ news, SVP Timothy E. Pendley sold 2,500 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Monday, May 1st. The shares were sold at an average price of $59.26, for a total value of $148,150.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the senior vice president now directly owns 31,426 shares in the company, valued at approximately $1,862,304.76. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, Director H Kirk Downey sold 4,088 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, May 10th. The stock was sold at an average price of $57.56, for a total transaction of $235,305.28. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now owns 9,156 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $527,019.36. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold a total of 6,725 shares of company stock valued at $391,552 in the last three months. 0.01% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. 
AZZ Company Profile
AZZ Inc is a provider of galvanizing services, welding solutions, specialty electrical equipment and engineered services to the power generation, transmission, distribution, refining and industrial markets. The Company operates through two segments: Energy segment and Galvanizing segment. Its Energy segment provides products and services designed to support industrial, nuclear and electrical applications.







Receive News & Ratings for AZZ Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for AZZ Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 
















































403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.




























Exxonmobil Investment Management Inc. TX Has $2.07 Million Stake in CA Inc. (NASDAQ:CA) - Watch List News



















































Home
About
Staff
Privacy Policy
Contact
























Headlines
Business
US News
Health
World
Investing
Technology




















CA Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily

		Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for CA Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter:



 






Follow Watchlist News

 











Latest News



Kite Pharma, Inc. (NASDAQ:KITE) Raised to Strong-Buy at Vetr Inc.					

Raytheon Company (NYSE:RTN) Upgraded to “Buy” at Vetr Inc.					

FireEye, Inc. (FEYE) Stock Rating Upgraded by Vetr Inc.					

Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Immunomedics, Inc. (IMMU) to “Buy”					

Shopify Inc. (SHOP) Lifted to Strong-Buy at Vetr Inc.					

GW Pharmaceuticals PLC (GWPH) Upgraded to Buy by Zacks Investment Research					

Reynolds American Inc (RAI) Given a $60.00 Price Target by Jefferies Group LLC Analysts					

Northland Securities Analysts Give Diamondback Energy, Inc. (NASDAQ:FANG) a $125.00 Price Target					

Fiat Chrysler Automobiles N.V. (FCAU) Receives Overweight Rating from Morgan Stanley					

Quintiles Transitional Holdings’ (Q) “Overweight” Rating Reiterated at Barclays PLC					

Goldman Sachs BDC, Inc. (GSBD) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research					

Global Partners LP (GLP) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research					

Thermo Fisher Scientific’s (NYSE:TMO) Overweight Rating Reaffirmed at Barclays PLC					

GTT Communications, Inc. (GTT) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research					

NVIDIA Corporation’s (NVDA) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Canaccord Genuity					

Rex Energy Corporation (NASDAQ:REXX) PT Set at $4.00 by Northland Securities					

Qiagen N.V.’s (QGEN) Overweight Rating Reiterated at Barclays PLC					

Endeavour Silver Corporation (EXK) Upgraded to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research					

Resolute Energy Corporation (NYSE:REN) Given a $60.00 Price Target by Northland Securities Analysts					

H. Lundbeck A/S- (HLUYY) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research					



Archives

July 2017
June 2017
May 2017
April 2017
March 2017
February 2017
January 2017
December 2016
November 2016
October 2016
September 2016
August 2016
July 2016
June 2016
May 2016
March 2016
November 2015
October 2015
September 2015
August 2015
July 2015
June 2015
May 2015
April 2015
March 2015
February 2015
January 2015
December 2014
November 2014
October 2014
September 2014
August 2014
July 2014
June 2014
May 2014
April 2014
March 2014
February 2014
January 2014




 




						Exxonmobil Investment Management Inc. TX Has $2.07 Million Stake in CA Inc. (NASDAQ:CA)					

						 July 19th, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Lindsey Winhoffer 


							Filed Under: Investing - SEC Filing Articles 






Tweet










Exxonmobil Investment Management Inc. TX cut its position in  CA Inc. (NASDAQ:CA) by 13.6% during the second quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the SEC. The institutional investor  owned 60,165 shares of the technology company’s stock after selling 9,448 shares during the period. Exxonmobil Investment Management Inc. TX’s holdings in CA were worth $2,074,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. 
Several other large investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in CA. Creative Planning raised its stake in  CA by 99.6% in the second quarter. Creative Planning now owns 11,953 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $412,000 after buying an additional 5,964 shares during the last quarter.  Arvest Bank Trust Division bought a new stake in  CA during the second quarter worth about $14,555,000.  Capital One National Association raised its stake in  CA by 12.5% in the second quarter. Capital One National Association now owns 12,693 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $438,000 after buying an additional 1,413 shares during the last quarter.  Guinness Asset Management Ltd raised its stake in  CA by 18.6% in the second quarter. Guinness Asset Management Ltd now owns 367,638 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $12,672,000 after buying an additional 57,600 shares during the last quarter.  Finally, Xact Kapitalforvaltning AB raised its stake in  CA by 3.8% in the second quarter. Xact Kapitalforvaltning AB now owns 64,836 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $2,235,000 after buying an additional 2,361 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own  70.62% of the company’s stock. 
Shares of CA Inc. (NASDAQ:CA) opened at 34.06 on Wednesday. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $33.34 and a 200 day moving average price of $32.43. The firm has a market capitalization of $14.23 billion, a P/E ratio of 18.41 and a beta of 0.87. CA Inc. has a one year low of $30.01 and a one year high of $36.54. 




CA (NASDAQ:CA) last released its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, May 11th. The technology company reported $0.54 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.49 by $0.05. CA had a net margin of 19.20% and a return on equity of 17.15%. The business had revenue of $1.01 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $996.59 million. During the same quarter in the previous year, the business earned $0.60 EPS. CA’s quarterly revenue was up .3% compared to the same quarter last year.  Analysts expect that  CA Inc. will post $2.38 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This story was first  posted by Watch List News and is the property of of Watch List News. If you are reading this story on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright & trademark legislation. The original version of this story can be viewed at https://www.watchlistnews.com/exxonmobil-investment-management-inc-tx-has-2-07-million-stake-in-ca-inc-nasdaqca/1451909.html. 
CA has been the topic of a number of recent analyst reports. FIG Partners raised CA to an “outperform” rating and increased their price target for the stock from $40.00 to $42.25 in a research note on Wednesday, May 3rd. Jefferies Group LLC  reissued a “buy” rating and set a $38.00 price target on shares of CA in a research note on Sunday, May 14th. Zacks Investment Research raised CA from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $38.00 price target on the stock in a research note on Tuesday, July 11th. Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc.  reissued a “market perform” rating on shares of CA in a research note on Friday, May 12th. Finally, Raymond James Financial, Inc. raised CA from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating and set a $42.00 price target on the stock in a research note on Monday, May 8th. Four analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have given a hold rating and five have assigned  a buy rating to the company. CA  has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $35.10.
In related news, insider Ayman Sayed sold 30,194 shares of CA stock in a transaction on Wednesday, June 21st. The shares were sold at an average price of $35.62, for a total value of $1,075,510.28. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now owns 168,455 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $6,000,367.10. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which can be accessed through the SEC website. 0.90% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. 
CA Company Profile
CA, Inc (CA) is engaged in providing software solutions enabling customers to plan, develop, manage and secure applications and enterprise environments across distributed, cloud, mobile and mainframe platforms. The Company operates through three business segments: Mainframe Solutions, Enterprise Solutions and Services.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding CA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for CA Inc. (NASDAQ:CA).



Receive News & Ratings for CA Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for CA Inc. and related companies with Analyst Ratings Network's FREE daily email newsletter.



 










Lindsey Winhoffer 























 Comment on this Post

Click here to cancel reply.



Name (required)

Mail (will not be published) (required)

Website






Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be placed in moderation!




Latest News




Sirius XM Making Big Investment In Pandora





Tax Reform Not Going Quite As Planned





Western Digital Files Lawsuit To Halt Toshiba Chip Business Sale





Sinclair Broadcast Group Announces Deal For Tribune Media





Starbucks Has A Hit With Its Unicorn Frappuccino











			© Watch List News, LLC 2008-2017. All rights reserved. 


Privacy Policy |
			About | Staff 
			| Contact 












































Peter Eisele, Snyder Capital Management LP: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  




















Feedback





Peter Eisele

Chairman/CEO/Limited Partner,
Snyder Capital Management LP






Career History




Chairman/CEO/Limited Partner
Snyder Capital Management LP, 1/2016-PRESENT


Chairman/CEO/Dir:GP
Snyder Capital Management LP, 3/2012-1/2016







Corporate Information
Address:



Phone:
-


Fax:
-











From The Web












Memberships



Board Memberships




Snyder Capital Management LP


Chairman, 3/2012-PRESENT









Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data


































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














snyder capital management - Money A2Z - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images










Snyder Capital Management | Ask.com



Ad
 ·
Ask.com/​Snyder Capital Management



Search for Snyder Capital Management. Look Up Results on Ask.com.





Ask a Question



Explore Q&A




Questions and Answers



Ask.com – What’s your Question?





Snyder Capital Management - Snyder Capital Management.



Ad
 ·
Simpli.com/​Capital Management



Snyder Capital Management. Want Quick Answers? Search Simpli!




Snyder Capital Management - Snyder Capital Management.



Ad
 ·
candofinance.com/​management



Finance Questions? Search CanDoFinance for Related Articles for Answers.




Searches related tosnyder capital management



snyder capital management san francisco


schneider capital management


capital property management san franc...


snider capital



snyder management inc


snyder capital corp


schneider capital management wayne pa


snider investment




Web Results

Snyder Capital Management

www.snydercapital.com


Snyder Capital Management is a focused value manager that invests in high-quality, under-appreciated companies for superior returns.



Our Story



Snyder



Contact



Concentrated All-Cap



Strategies



Small/Mid-Cap



Snyder Capital Management, L.P.: Private Company ...

www.bloomberg.com/research/stocks/private/snapshot.asp?privcapId=...


Snyder Capital Management, L.P. company research & investing information. Find executives and the latest company news.


Snyder Capital Management L P – Octafinance

www.octafinance.com/hedge-funds/snyder-capital-management-l-p


Snyder Capital Management L P 2015 stock holdings and portfolio. Snyder Capital Management L P performance, aum, news, profile and returns. Tracking and Analysis of ...


Snyder Capital Management - Investment Advisor - San ...

investment-advisors.credio.com/l/25300


Find details on Snyder Capital Management in San Francisco, California. View assets, client details, advisory activities, registration status, disclosures and more.


Snyder Capital Management LP : Top Money Managers

https://www.managerreview.com/su_companydetails.php?iCompanyId=450...


Snyder Capital Management LP History: Founded December 1984. Track record from 1/1/85. Sold to New England Investment Companies in July 1997. New England Investment ...


SNYDER CAPITAL MANAGEMENT L P Top Holdings

https://whalewisdom.com/filer/snyder-capital-management-l-p


Detailed Profile of SNYDER CAPITAL MANAGEMENT L P portfolio of holdings. SEC Filings include 13F quarterly reports, 13D/G events and more.


Peter Eisele, Snyder Capital Management LP ... - Bloomberg

https://www.bloomberg.com/profiles/people/18355708-peter-andrew-eisele


Peter Eisele is Chairman/CEO/Limited Partner at Snyder Capital Management LP. See Peter Andrew Eisele's compensation, career history, education, & memberships.


SNYDER CAPITAL MANAGEMENT L P - NASDAQ.com

www.nasdaq.com/.../snyder-capital-management-l-p-86994


Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages ...


Snyder Capital Management - Property Management - Yelp

https://www.yelp.com/biz/snyder-capital-management-san-francisco


Snyder Capital Management in San Francisco, reviews by real people. Yelp is a fun and easy way to find, recommend and talk about what’s great and not so great in ...










Snyder Capital Management | Ask.com



Ad
 ·
Ask.com/​Snyder Capital Management



Search for Snyder Capital Management. Look Up Results on Ask.com.





Ask a Question



Explore Q&A




Questions and Answers



Ask.com – What’s your Question?





Snyder Capital Management - Snyder Capital Management.



Ad
 ·
Simpli.com/​Capital Management



Snyder Capital Management. Want Quick Answers? Search Simpli!




Snyder Capital Management - Snyder Capital Management.



Ad
 ·
candofinance.com/​management



Finance Questions? Search CanDoFinance for Related Articles for Answers.



Searches related tosnyder capital management



snyder capital management san francisco


schneider capital management


capital property management san franc...


snider capital



snyder management inc


snyder capital corp


schneider capital management wayne pa


snider investment




12345Next






Answers







Sheridan Snyder



capitalist Ed Glassmeyer, Senior Manager of the venture capital firm Oak Partners, funded many of Snyder's early start-up companies, mainly in...

more






Rick Snyder



governor, he was chairman of the board, chief executive officer, and co-founder of Ardesta LLC, a venture capital firm based out of Ann Arbor,...

more






Ted Snyder (economist)



Edward Adams "Ted" Snyder (born 1953) is currently the Indra K. Nooyi Dean and William S. Beinecke Professor of Economics and Management at Yale School...

more




















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network












Snyder Capital Management







































Snyder Capital Management
A focused, long-term, fundamental, high-quality value manager






Home





The Snyder Perspective:


We believe that investing with a long-term perspective in high-quality, under-appreciated companies will provide consistent, superior returns.




Privacy Policy | Terms of use








 
























































Snyder Capital Management - Property Management - 1 Market Plz, Financial District, San Francisco, CA - Phone Number - Yelp

  





















                        Skip to Search Form
                    rczsatzsq



                        Skip to Navigation
                    



                        Skip to Page Content
                    








Yelp











Find












Near
















                            Cancel
    









Search




































                    Sign Up
    



            Log In
        

























                            Login
    



                            Sign Up
    










About Me
            
















Talk
            




































            Restaurants

        











            Nightlife

        











            Home Services

        








            Write a Review

        






            Events

        






            Talk

        







            Log In
        











 











1 Market PlzSte 1200San Francisco, CA 94105


        (415) 904-0496
    






            Snyder Capital Management
        






Unclaimed
        


This business has not yet been claimed by the owner or a representative.
Claim this business to view business statistics, receive messages from prospective customers, and respond to reviews.





Property Management






        Edit
        , Opens a popup

Edit category













Write a Review
    







            Add Photo
    






Share
, Opens a popup







Bookmark
, Opens a popup





















Get directions













































Swap start/end points
Start from












Start from
Swap start/end points











Snyder Capital Management


        1 Market Plz, San Francisco, CA 94105
    




Get directions


























Edit




        1 Market PlzSte 1200San Francisco, CA 94105
    


            at Steuart St
        


            Financial District, SoMa, South Beach        









Get Directions








Phone number

        (415) 904-0496
    








Send to your Phone







Home Services



Real Estate



Property Management








Is this your business?
Respond to reviews and customer messages.Claiming is free, and only takes a minute.
Claim This Business




































        Ad
    

Gary Seto - Sequoia Real Estate






            4 reviews
    







5.7 Miles away from Snyder Capital Management
            









Ash H. said
    
    "I just moved to San Francisco from Dublin, Ireland a year an half ago. Of course, one of the main challenges I faced moving into a new city and country is finding a good affordable place to rent in a good…"
            
read more



            in Real Estate Agents
        















        Ad
    

Vision Property Management






            17 reviews
    







11.0 Miles away from Snyder Capital Management
            









Deven G. said
    
    "This company has an awesome staff and as a vendor they very transparent in their services and costs. They are prompt with working with the vendor through appfolio and have a mobile application interface…"
            
read more



            in Property Management
        










Ask the Community


                Yelp users haven’t asked any questions yet about Snyder Capital Management.
            
Ask a Question













Rating



1 (Eek! Methinks not.)



2 (Meh. I've experienced better.)



3 (A-OK.)



4 (Yay! I'm a fan.)



5 (Woohoo! As good as it gets!)






                    Hey there trendsetter! You could be the first review for Snyder Capital Management.
                





Is this your business?






Once you’ve claimed, you can:

Immediately update business information
Respond to reviews and customer messages
See the customer leads your business page generates
Monitor how many people view your business page

Claim This Business














 Contact Agents
This provider has not enabled messaging on Yelp. Contact similar agents.

        Contact Agents
    

Business info summary











Edit business info








            Hours
        





Add business hours
    


People also viewed












Robert Link - S&L Realty






            21 reviews
    


                My boyfriend attended the apartment showing and worked with Rob with all the paperwork.
            














All Property Management Services






            11 reviews
    

















PRANDI Property Management, Inc., CRMC






            57 reviews
    


                and Melissa swooped in right away to make sure I was more than taken care of.
            






Browse nearby








Restaurants









Nightlife









Shopping









Show all











Rating Details





                    5 stars
                





0






                    4 stars
                





0






                    3 stars
                





0






                    2 stars
                





0






                    1 star
                





0





We calculate the overall star rating using only reviews that our automated software currently recommends. Learn more.




Text to Phone












                    Oops, looks like something’s wrong. Try again!
                


×














                    Are you a human? Please complete the bot challenge below.
                


×














Sent! Check your phone to view the link now!
                


×


















Snyder Capital Management



Property Management


San Francisco, CA




Text a link to your phone so you can quickly get directions, see photos, and read reviews on the go!





+1






















Text Link


                            Your carrier’s rates may apply
                        


















About


About Yelp


Order Food on Eat24


Careers


Press


Investor Relations


Content Guidelines


Terms of Service


Privacy Policy


Ad Choices






Discover


The Local Yelp


Yelp Blog


Support


Yelp Mobile


Developers


RSS






Yelp for Business Owners


Claim your Business Page


Advertise on Yelp


Online Ordering from Eat24


Yelp Reservations


Business Success Stories


Business Support


Yelp Blog for Business Owners







Languages


















                Bahasa Malaysia (Malaysia)
        







                Čeština (Česká republika)
        







                Dansk (Danmark)
        







                Deutsch (Deutschland)
        





                Deutsch (Schweiz)
        





                Deutsch (Österreich)
        







                English (Australia)
        





                English (Belgium)
        





                English (Canada)
        





                English (Hong Kong)
        





                English (Malaysia)
        





                English (New Zealand)
        





                English (Philippines)
        





                English (Republic of Ireland)
        





                English (Singapore)
        





                English (Switzerland)
        





                English (United Kingdom)
        





                English (United States)
        







                Español (Argentina)
        





                Español (Chile)
        





                Español (España)
        





                Español (México)
        







                Filipino (Pilipinas)
        







                Français (Belgique)
        





                Français (Canada)
        





                Français (France)
        





                Français (Suisse)
        







                Italiano (Italia)
        





                Italiano (Svizzera)
        







                Nederlands (België)
        





                Nederlands (Nederland)
        







                Norsk (Norge)
        







                Polski (Polska)
        







                Português (Brasil)
        





                Português (Portugal)
        







                Suomi (Suomi)
        







                Svenska (Finland)
        





                Svenska (Sverige)
        







                Türkçe (Türkiye)
        







                日本語 (日本)
        







                繁體中文 (台灣)
        





                繁體中文 (香港)
        









Countries


















                Argentina
        







                Australia
        







                Austria
        







                Belgium
        







                Brazil
        







                Canada
        







                Chile
        







                Czech Republic
        







                Denmark
        







                Finland
        







                France
        







                Germany
        







                Hong Kong
        







                Italy
        







                Japan
        







                Malaysia
        







                Mexico
        







                New Zealand
        







                Norway
        







                Philippines
        







                Poland
        







                Portugal
        







                Republic of Ireland
        







                Singapore
        







                Spain
        







                Sweden
        







                Switzerland
        







                Taiwan
        







                The Netherlands
        







                Turkey
        







                United Kingdom
        







                United States
        













Site Map

Atlanta
Austin
Boston
Chicago
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Honolulu
Houston
Los Angeles
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Portland
Sacramento
San Diego
San Francisco
San Jose
Seattle
Washington, DC
More Cities






About


Blog


Support


Terms





            Copyright © 2004–2017 Yelp Inc. Yelp, ,  and related marks are registered trademarks of Yelp.
    


















































Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.


