
Security Check Required




FacebookJoin or Log Into Facebook   Email or PhonePasswordForgot account?Log InDo you want to join Facebook?Sign UpSign UpSecurity CheckPlease enter the text belowCan't read the text above?Try another text or an audio captchaText in the box:What's this?Security CheckThis is a standard security test that we use to prevent spammers from creating fake accounts and spamming users.SubmitEnglish (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















 SECGems: SOCIAL BEVERAGE COMPANY, LLC 







































  







			Data feeds now available
			Excel / CSV / Java / Python /etc 
Database
Learn more









  




  


  






























 SOCIAL BEVERAGE COMPANY, LLC 
		     










 Info




 Ownership




 Filings
2













	 
	
	 220 N. BOYLAN AVENUE
	 
	
	
	   RALEIGH, 
	   NC, 
	  
	
	  
		
		

			
			 
		
		
		
		 USA
		
	
	   (919) 561-2732    
	    

						        









Filing DateCurrent and former namesChanged on date




2016-10-18SOCIAL BEVERAGE COMPANY, LLC








Central Index Key (CIK)
0001687744
State of Incorporation
DE
Country of Incorporation
USA
Fiscal year end
1231
IRS #
811652988










Form D Related Persons# Filings





 CARY JOSHI


2




 GAURAV PATEL


2




 MARK MULLINS


2







 








db
 
 










































	AB ADULT BEVERAGE CO. Trademark of Adult Beverage Company, LLC. Serial Number: 85092982 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Wines and Spirits Products
AB ADULT BEVERAGE CO.










 
Get FREE email alerts





















Try...


 - posted on 11/11/2012 6:15:26 PM
The  Adult Limeade taste very good...will buy again










AB ADULT BEVERAGE CO.  Trademark Information
 Adult Beverage Company, LLC
Alcoholic beverages, namely, liqueurs and flavored spirits; Frozen beverages containing liquor and flavored spirits




Perfect for these industries

Wines and Spirits Products





Words that describe this mark
alcoholic   beverages         liqueurs   flavored   spirits   frozen   beverages   containing   liquor   flavored   spirits    
                                    




This is a brand page for the AB ADULT BEVERAGE CO. trademark by Adult Beverage Company, LLC 
                                in Gilbert, AZ, 85297.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this AB ADULT BEVERAGE CO. trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Adult Beverage Company, LLC of the AB ADULT BEVERAGE CO. trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the AB ADULT BEVERAGE CO. trademark.
                           






On Monday, July 26, 2010,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        AB ADULT BEVERAGE CO. by 
                        Adult Beverage Company, LLC, Gilbert, AZ  85297.
                        The USPTO has given the AB ADULT BEVERAGE CO. 
                        trademark serial  number of  85092982.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is REGISTERED.
                        The correspondent listed for AB ADULT BEVERAGE CO. is 
                        
                        
                                            Lawrence E. Apolzon, Esq. of 
                                            Fross Zelnick Lehrman & Zissu, P.C.,  4 TIMES SQUARE, 17TH FLOOR, NEW YORK, NY 10036 
                                .
                            The AB ADULT BEVERAGE CO. trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Wines and Spirits Products
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for AB ADULT BEVERAGE CO. 
                            is Alcoholic beverages, namely, liqueurs and flavored spirits; Frozen beverages containing liquor and flavored spirits. 
                            





Word mark:
 AB ADULT BEVERAGE CO.


  Status/Status Date:  


REGISTERED

1/24/2012

Estimated Renewal Deadline: January 24, 2018See Trademark Renewal Services




  Serial Number:  
85092982


  Filing Date:  
7/26/2010


 Registration Number:  
4091828 


 Registration Date:  
1/24/2012


 Goods and Services: 
Alcoholic beverages, namely, liqueurs and flavored spirits; Frozen beverages containing liquor and flavored spirits


 Mark Description: 
The mark consists of the letters "AB" in a stylized, lower-case font with a halo design above the "A" and a horn extending from the "B" with the words "ADULT BEVERAGE CO." appearing at the bottom in all capital letters.


 Type Of Mark: 
TradeMark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
7/12/2011


Last Applicant/Owner:

Adult Beverage Company, LLCGilbert, AZ  85297
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Drawing/Design + Words


 Design Search: 
See Similar Logos >>



                                                    Horns (alone, not part of heads), antlers  (Animals  -  Parts of the body (excluding heads) of four  -  footed mammals or primates (monkeys, apes, etc, excluding humans); animal skeletons; animal skulls) see more design...


                                                    Halos appearing on objects, letters, numbers and symbols  (Supernatural beings, Mythological or Legendary beings, Fantastical beings or unidentifiable beings  -  Winged or horned personages, fairies, supernatural beings, mythological or legendary personages ) see more design...




Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 ("ADULT BEVERAGE CO.")


 Correspondent:


Lawrence E. Apolzon, Esq.
Fross Zelnick Lehrman & Zissu, P.C.
4 TIMES SQUARE, 17TH FLOOR
NEW YORK, NY 10036






 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (033) - Alcoholic beverages (except beers). 


First Use Anywhere: 
9/1/2010


First Use In Commerce: 
9/20/2010





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your AB ADULT BEVERAGE CO. trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

1/24/2012
REGISTERED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



Lawrence E. Apolzon, Esq.


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of AB ADULT BEVERAGE CO. trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (1 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search abadultbeverageco on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for AB ADULT BEVERAGE CO. 




AB ADULT BEVERAGE CO. is providing Alcoholic beverages, namely, liqueurs and flavored spirits; Frozen beverages containing liquor and flavored spirits.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 




















SOCIAL BEVERAGE COMPANY, LLC, BizPedia.xyz - We monitor changes in companies





















BizPedia.xyz  - We monitor changes in companies
 






SOCIAL BEVERAGE COMPANY, LLC


FREE EMAIL WATCHDOG
Get free email notifications about news in SOCIAL BEVERAGE COMPANY, LLC.










The service is free and you can unsubscribe at any time.

General | People (6) | Filings (2) | Investment rounds (2)
CIK Number: 0001687744IRS Number: 811652988SOCIAL BEVERAGE COMPANY, LLC is on the market less than 5 years.

SOCIAL BEVERAGE COMPANY, LLC address220 N. BOYLAN AVENUERALEIGH 27603SOCIAL BEVERAGE COMPANY, LLC address3900 MERTON DRIVESUITE 270RALEIGH 27609
Company jurisdiction
DELAWARE  
  Entity type
Limited Liability Company 
Earliest known filing
October 2016
Latest known filing
July 2017




Company filings
SEC filings are a great source of information for companies including investments, company events, and all sorts of other information. 
SOCIAL BEVERAGE COMPANY, LLC has 2 filings. View SOCIAL BEVERAGE COMPANY, LLC filings.
Investment RoundsSOCIAL BEVERAGE COMPANY, LLC recieved 2 investments.
PeopleWe have found 6 people related to SOCIAL BEVERAGE COMPANY, LLC.
Similar companiesSocial Innovation Holdings, Inc., SocialPay LLC, SOCIAL CAPITAL PUBLIC EQUITY PARTNERS OFFSHORE FUND LTD, Social Native, Inc., Social Leverage RH, a series of AX-SoGe-Funds, LLC, Social Standards, Inc., SocialEdge, Inc., SocialMap, Inc., Social Investment Holdings, Inc., Social Capital Public Equity Partners LP, SocialPing Inc., Social Starts A - Pioneer, L.P., Social Starts - A, L.P., SocialMLS, LLC, SOCIALSOURCE, INC., Social Dental, Inc., Social Capital Partnership Opportunities Fund, L.P., Social Capital Partnership Principals Fund III, L.P., Social Capital Partnership III, L.P., Socialleet, Inc., Social Equities Fund LP, Socialsign.in, Inc., Social Responsibility Network LLC, Social Leverage Capital Fund II, L.P., Social Commenting, LLC, Social Finance Inc., Social Information Arbitrage, L.P., Social Sweepster, LLC, SocialPlay USA, Inc., Social Finance NY State Workforce Re-Entry 2013 LLC, Social Starts II, L.P., Social FX Master Fund Ltd, Social Market Analytics, Inc, Social FX Fund Ltd, Social Media Consulting LLC, Social Tables, Inc., socialvilla, Inc., Social Infrastructure Partners West Florida, LLC, SocialRadar, Inc., SOCIALTOPIAS, LLC, Social Bicycles Inc., SocialNightlife.com (LV), SocialWise, Inc., SOCIALMENTUM, LLC, Social Capital Partnership Principals Fund II, L.P., Social Capital Partnership II, L.P., Social Programming Network, Inc., Social High Rise, Inc., Social Leverage Capital Fund I, L.P., Social Media & Technology Fund, LLC














BizPedia.xyz collect news, financial information, SEC filings, stock information, contact information, personal information, information about investments, etc. about SOCIAL BEVERAGE COMPANY, LLC. 










  Sqoop - D: SOCIAL BEVERAGE COMPANY, LLC


























Sqoop
News before it’s news™







 
 






        SEC Filing D: SOCIAL BEVERAGE COMPANY, LLC
      

July 17, 2017 5:17pm EDT

Source:
        SEC
        (Index
         )
        via Sqoop
      




              Form D
            








Exemption(s):06b
Type(s):equity
Total:$4,000,000
Sold:$1,380,000
Remaining:$2,620,000







            © 2017 Sqoop
          


































  Social Media Plan for Beverage Company | MCAworks














































MCAworks
Westport, Connecticut 



 

 

Social Media Plan for Beverage Company




Case Studies: Consumer Products & Services


Segmentation & Targeting

Identification of Consumer Segments & Retail Channels
Development of Economic Model to Guide New Product Launch
Persona Development Beauty & Personal Care Brand

Strategic & Growth Planning

Multi-Year Strategic Plan for Food Company
Multi-Year Strategic Plan for Beverage Company
Social Media Plan for Beverage Company

Innovation Planning

Creation and Codification of NPD Process
Identification of New Product Pipeline
Development of New Brand


Brand Strategy & Positioning

Positioning for New-to-the-US Beverage Line
Refined Positioning & Messaging for New Consumer Target
Standardization and Story Development for Sales Launch Materials



Social Media Plan for Beverage Company
Coming soon.


 
 

Home » Industry Focus » Consumer Products & Services » Case Studies » Social Media Plan for Beverage CompanyBack to top















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














    Best Use of Social Media for Food & Beverage in Social Media - Shorty Awards

























2nd Annual Shorty Social Good Awards Categories


Entries for the Shorty Social Good Awards are open now! Official categories listed below. The regular deadline is August 2, 2017







By Industry

Auto
Business to Business
Consumer Brand
Energy
Entertainment
Fashion, Beauty & Luxury
Financial Services
Food & Beverage
Government & Politics
Health & Fitness
Hospitality & Travel
Live Events
News & Media
NGO
Retail & E-Commerce
Sports
Technology
Television



By Cause

Animal & Wildlife
Civic Engagement
Developing Nations
Education
Emergency Relief
Environment & Sustainability
Poverty & Hunger
Public Health
Social Justice



By Campaign

Mobile Campaign
Multi-Platform Campaign
On a Shoestring
Pro Bono



By Overall Presence

Blog Presence
Facebook Presence
Instagram Presence
Twitter Presence
YouTube Presence



Content & Strategy

Contest or Promotion
Hashtag
Live Streaming
PSA
Real Time Response
Video



Partnerships

B2B
Business-NGO
Corporate-Community
Influencer & Celebrity











From the 6th Annual Shorty Awards
                    

                    Best Use of Social Media for Food & Beverage
                

This awards honors the best use of social media in a marketing campaign by a food and beverage brand. Campaign objectives may include the launch of a new liquor line, the opening of a restaurant, the promotion of a sustainable food brand and more. 







Winner


                    Food & Beverage
                
          
        winner
    


            
        

        
            

            

            

            

            

        

                Say It With Bacon 
            
                People love bacon, but they aren't particularly choosy about which bacon they love. Oscar Mayer asked digital agency 360i to help them prove that their Original 16 Oz. Bacon is truly a cut above the rest, so that more people would seek out Oscar Mayer Bacon by name in the grocery store.

We observed grocery shoppers and noticed that people met...
            




                            
                                Finalists
                            
                        







                    Food & Beverage
                





          
        finalist
    



            

            

            

            

            

        

                Beefy Crunch Burrito
            


                The Beefy Crunch Burrito isn't like any other menu item at Taco Bell. it has it's own devoted following of fans who are so obsessed, they've created social movements to keep it in market. So when we finally brought the burrito back, we didn't want fans to thank us, we wanted them to thank the obsessed...The Beefy Crunch Burrito is Taco Bell's mo...
            









                    Food & Beverage
                





          
        finalist
    



            

            

            

            

            

        

                Green Giant - Raise A Giant (Bully Prevention)
            


                One of the biggest emotional health issues facing families today is bullying. And while parents are aware that bullying is a big problem, they don’t know how to help their child through it.

Green Giant wanted to help families start an open and honest conversation about bullying, so we created the Raise A Giant campaign to inspire parents to w...
            









                    Food & Beverage
                





          
        finalist
    



            

            

            

            

            

        

                Hostess: Prepare Your Cakeface
            


                In 2013, after an 8-month absence from the marketplace, Hostess Brands was resurrected. But before products hit shelves, we needed to whet consumer appetites. We needed to tell people to “get ready" for The Sweetest Comeback in the History of Ever.

Three weeks before Twinkies and CupCakes hit shelves we asked consumers to stretch their mouths...
            









                    Food & Beverage
                





          
        finalist
    



            

            

            

            

            

        

                Hot Pockets' "You Got What I Eat"
            


                With hot rhymes and the world’s hottest woman on our side, Threshold Interactive and Hot Pockets made a microwaveable sandwich sexy.

After a massively successful viral campaign in 2012 that saw Snoop Dogg spin his “Drop It Like It’s Hot" to a more Hot Pocket-worthy “Pocket Like It’s Hot," Threshold decided to bring the heat and turn the dial ...
            









                    Food & Beverage
                





          
        finalist
    



            

            

            

            

            

        

                Lay's 75 & Sunny
            


                For the last 75 years, Lay’s has been an integral part of summer moments and memories. Lay’s wanted to celebrate their 75th birthday in a big way, by tapping into our collective nostalgia for summertime.  Our challenge: deliver a socially-focused strategy to bring their summer packaging program, 75 & Sunny, to life  and inspire the audience to c...
            









                    Food & Beverage
                





          
        finalist
    



            

            

            

            

            

        

                Naked Juice Power Garden
            


                How do you “connect users to the harvest" in a world where attention spans are too short and divided to even keep a seedling alive?  That was the question Naked Juice asked us to launch their newest product, Tomato Kick.  Tomato Kick and its predecessor, Berry Veggie, were to be the inaugural products in a new product line made of vegetable-base...
            









                    Food & Beverage
                





          
        finalist
    



            

            

            

            

            

        

                Wendy's Pretzel Bacon Cheeseburger Love Songs
            


                When Wendy’s launched its new Pretzel Bacon Cheeseburger in test markets, we noticed an enormous volume of positive social media chatter about it.

It was an all-out love fest!

Seeing the virtual love letters written about the Pretzel Bacon Cheeseburger on Twitter and Facebook during the test market phase, combined with our audience insight...
            









Nominees







                    Food & Beverage
                



                
                #DDTopChef
            


                Taking center stage as the secret ingredient on Top Chef's Quickfire Challenge, Dunkin' Donuts gave both the show's contestants and fans at home the opportunity to showcase new and different ways to enjoy the brand's coffee.

Dunkin' did this by extending the broadcast TV integration into a live "first of its kind" second screen cooking competition.

...
            









                    Food & Beverage
                



                
                #DunkinReplay
            


                Dunkin’ Donuts has been a long-standing sponsor of ESPN’s Monday Night Football program. Previously, the brand appeared only briefly during the very last moments of the pre-game show broadcast before the start of the NFL game. 

To extend Dunkin’s reach into the live event and make the brand feel as significant as major national sponsors but at a lesser...
            









                    Food & Beverage
                



                
                Anchor Brewing Company - Beer is Social
            


                As America's original craft brewery, Anchor Brewing Company has been brewing hand-crafted beers in San Francisco since 1896. By its very nature, beer is a social product, and Anchor Brewing's social presence is a key component in its marketing strategy. The content strategy honors Anchor's rich history as a brewing pioneer and San Francisco fixture while ...
            









                    Food & Beverage
                



                
                Cabo Diablo
            


                Cabo Diablo is the newest addition to Campari America’s line of Cabo Wabo Tequilas. The liquid features a coffee punch coupled with an unmistakable, smooth tequila kick. Enjoyed best in chilled shots, Cabo Diablo is a devilish mix of enticing, unpredictable and rebellious. The Cabo Diablo brand is the ultimate expression of free spirit - unadulterated goo...
            









                    Food & Beverage
                



                
                Coca-Cola: Doc Pemberton
            


                Doc Pemberton is the 182-year-old digital reincarnation of Coca-Cola's beloved southern gentleman inventor. And much like his invention, Doc P’s charming and witty tweets make him a refreshing follow and have helped propel him to the #1 brand personality on Twitter.





-Doc Pemberton's unique humor and quaint charm has made him the #1 followed cor...
            









                    Food & Beverage
                



                
                Denny's iPancakes 
            


                Denny’s iPancakes post was created as a response to the hype created by the launch of the new iPhone 5s. The post was meant to delight audiences with witty play on words and to create within them a craving for Denny’s signature fluffy golden, pancakes. Less than impressed with the lack of additional features presented with the iPhone 5s version, industry ...
            









                    Food & Beverage
                



                
                Dunkin' Donuts Global Donut Day 
            


                To raise awareness about National Donut Day going international for the first time, Dunkin’ Donuts reached out to Facebook fans in 24 countries with an interactive donut menu powered with News Feed functionalities. The global team at Dunkin Brands, Inc. in Boston collaborated with Attention in New York to spread the word about this special holiday, in whi...
            









                    Food & Beverage
                



                
                Mentos Engages Arab Youth through Hilarious Memes
            


                Mentos wanted to adapt their ‘fresh thinking’ global platform to produce their first-ever campaign for the Middle East. Mentos also needed to increase brand engagement with Arab youth in a more relevant way. With this in mind, we discovered something that fit the brand proposition perfectly. As Arabs, we often find ourselves doing things that don’t make s...
            









                    Food & Beverage
                



                
                Milk Tackles Breakfast at Super Bowl XLVII
            


                In 2013, The National Milk Mustache “got milk?" campaign debuted a first: a Super Bowl commercial starring Dwayne “The Rock" Johnson highlighting the role that milk’s high-quality protein plays in the morning. Through social media and traditional efforts, objectives were outlined with a priority of engaging consumers and highlighting the milk/protein mess...
            









                    Food & Beverage
                



                
                Mixhibit
            


                Introducing Smirnoff Mixhibit App

The ultimate recap starring you and your friends. Turn photos, tweets and check-ins into a one-of-a-kind video.



People go out with their friends, they all check-in, tweet, and post photos to their respective social network accounts—separately. But experiences had together aren’t static and disparate; the way we ...
            









                    Food & Beverage
                



                
                Pepsi Timeline Show
            


                Our challenge: Pepsi Brazil’s Facebook page lacked purpose to its Brazilian audience. They relied on a high number of posts with low engagement to interact with their fans. Needless to say, the average sentiment varied from neutral to negative.The idea: We decided to invite TV star Rodrigo Faro to help turn our social media content into live entertainment...
            









                    Food & Beverage
                



                
                Perfect Pop by Pop Secret
            


                Sadly, 1 in 3 bags of popcorn winds up burnt. So, to help popcorn poppers everywhere, we created Perfect Pop. It helps make sure every single bag of Pop Secret is a perfect bag of Pop Secret. Open the app on your iPhone® and place it near (not on or in, please) your home or office microwave. Perfect Pop listens to the pops, waiting for the precise moment ...
            









                    Food & Beverage
                



                
                Poptopia + Pop Dongle by Pop Secret
            


                People have obviously made video games. But nobody’s attempted to make a smellable mobile game before. We needed to challenge ourselves to not only make a game people would actually want to play, but also develop a first-of-its-kind dongle.
 
The game we created and developed, POPTOPIA, and THE POP DONGLE work in tandem, rewarding gamers based on their ...
            









                    Food & Beverage
                



                
                Tombstone Pizza Bites of Fright
            


                Tombstone Pizza wanted to be the Official Pizza of Halloween. They challenged us to help them secure this honor by reaching moms and kids during this busy season in a unique and compelling way.

We needed a way to cut through the Halloween madness. So we listened, and learned everything we could about Halloween rituals, and one stood out. Pizza and a Mo...
            









                    Food & Beverage
                



                
                Tweethearts
            


                Sweethearts Candies are a Valentine’s Day staple. They’ve been around since Andrew Johnson was president (1866), but how do we make them seem more modern, cool, and current?

Introducing #Tweethearts-- the mash-up of Sweethearts and Twitter. The #Tweethearts social campaign allows users to create customized Sweethearts candy hearts using Twitter.

It ...
            









About the Shorty Awards



The Shorty Awards honor the best of social media.



                    Millions of people participate in
                    The Shortys to recognize individuals and organizations producing great content on Twitter, Facebook,
                    Tumblr, YouTube, Snapchat, Instagram, YouNow, Musical.ly, 
Vine 
                    and the rest of the social web.


                    





                            The Shorty Social Good Awards will be held October 2017 in NYC, Date to be announced shortly.  

















                
                    Share this Shorty Awards page
                
            




  Tweet


  Share



                     Email



Share link
















Our Esteemed Partners




























 

Soma Beverage Company LLC - Supplier Finder | BevNET.com








 













 













































BevNET



 










Supplier Finder  » 
    USA  » 
    Soma Beverage Company LLC


Soma Beverage Company LLC




Address
CAUnited States of America
Phone
(415) 979-0781
Web Site

http://www.metromint.com/

Email
Send Email Inquiry
Last Updated
8/31/2011


                       
                         

 Report an Error
 Edit this Company




Categories

Beverage Companies: USA , Beverage Companies: USA 

Brands

METROMINT Water

Capabilities

    None Specified

Company News








                                Crystal Geyser And Soma Build Sales Partnership For Natural Beverage Portfolio
                            


                            Posted:
                             Mar 04, 2013 at 9:05 AM (Last Updated: Mar 04, 2013 at 12:36 PM)




SAN FRANCISCO — Napa-Valley based Crystal Geyser Water Company and San Francisco-based Soma Beverage Company announced this month that they have entered into a sales licensing agreement, whereby Crystal Geyser Water Company will add Metromint bottled waters to its product portfolio.
“We’re looking forward to being able to offer our customers and distributors a wider range of new products to fit their individual preferences through …










                                The Flow: BevNET Live Photos Up; Supplier Guide Sign Up
                            


                            Posted:
                             Dec 14, 2010 at 1:43 PM (Last Updated: Dec 14, 2010 at 1:43 PM)





ON TOP


		Attention Supplier and Services Companies: Time is running out to list your company in BevNET's 2011 Supplier and Services Directory. Link

		A SELLOUT! BevNET Live Winter 2010 was a huge success. Photos now available to view online. Link

		SAVE THE DATE: BevNET Live Summer 11, June 6 & 7, 2011 at the Sheraton Tower NYC. Program details coming soon


ON THE SHELVES


		Bad …
                        









                                The Flow: ‘Corn Sugar’ Not HFCS; Seth Goldman at BevNET Live
                            


                            Posted:
                             Sep 14, 2010 at 1:58 PM (Last Updated: Sep 14, 2010 at 1:58 PM)




ON TOP

The Corn Refiners’ Association is seeking FDA approval to call high fructose corn syrup “corn sugar.”  Link
Sign up for BevNET’s Best of 2010 awards and 2011 Beverage Guide.  Link
Honest Tea’s Seth Goldman will be discussing entrepreneurial growth at BevNET Live 2010.  Link

ON THE SHELVES

Soma Beverage Company has released Goodberrymint, the latest flavor of its Metromint waters. Ten percent of …
                        









                                The Flow: Coca-Cola Names Leaders; BAWLS is Back
                            


                            Posted:
                             Aug 17, 2010 at 2:18 PM (Last Updated: Aug 17, 2010 at 2:18 PM)





ON TOP


		In anticipation closing of its purchase of Coca-Cola Refreshments and Coca-Cola North America, the Coca-Cola Company has appointed 28 executives to lead its bottling and marketing operations, according to the Atlanta Journal-Constitution. Link

		BAWLS Acquisition has reintroduced 43 percent of its total distribution base from 2009, according to a recent release. The company has also added Ogden, Utah-based Miller/Coors distributor Golden Beverage. Link…
                        









                                The Flow: Noone DSD in Town; Online with BevNET Live
                            


                            Posted:
                             Jun 29, 2010 at 12:12 PM (Last Updated: Jun 29, 2010 at 12:12 PM)





ON TOP


		New high-end DSD purveyor Green Shoots gets profiled on BevNET.com Link

		In an interview with PepsiCo social media director Bonin Bough, it appears that the company is prepared to learn — even from failure. Link


ON THE SHELVES


		PURE SWISS comes now in sparkling. It will be sold in 1.0L and 0.5L glass bottles. Link

		Metromint has launched its newest variety, Goodberrymint, an …
                        









                                2008 Bottled Water Guide – Free Download
                            


                            Posted:
                             Aug 26, 2008 at 9:45 AM (Last Updated: Sep 09, 2015 at 9:25 PM)









…










                                METROMINT CONTINUES TO CONNECT THE DOTS
                            


                            Posted:
                             Mar 10, 2008 at 10:59 AM (Last Updated: Mar 10, 2008 at 10:59 AM)




SAN FRANCISCO, CA – There must be something special in the water at Metromint. On the heels of their latest release, the original mintwater has just gotten one variety longer. Following its Chocolatemint launch earlier this year, Metromint has announced the introduction of new Cherrymint, the brand’s sixth variety to complement its award-winning line of cooling mintwaters.   
New Cherrymint is the combination of cherry essence, pure …










                                metromint recall
                            


                            Posted:
                             Dec 09, 2007 at 8:13 AM (Last Updated: Sep 09, 2015 at 9:26 PM)




At Soma Beverage Company, the health and wellness of our consumers is our priority. To that end, Soma Beverage Company, LLC has announced that we are voluntarily recalling Metromint Waters produced at our West Coast facility prior to 12/21/2006.

The recalled products can be identified by the “Best Before” date found on the shoulder of the bottle or outside of the case. All Metromint recalled …










                                METROMINT TO INTRODUCE NEW CHOCOLATEMINT WATER AT NACS
                            


                            Posted:
                             Oct 15, 2007 at 10:28 AM (Last Updated: Oct 15, 2007 at 10:28 AM)









Mintwater leader continues track record of innovation
SAN FRANCISCO, CA – Just in time for Valentine’s Day, Soma Beverage Company, the cutting-edge pioneer of the mintwater category, is proud to announce the release of Chocolatemint water.
The most original beverage to hit the market in years, Chocolatemint Water is where chocolate meets cool.™ The all natural combination of pure water, cocoa essence and real mint …










                                Metromint Announces Sponsorship of US Women’s National Soccer Team Player Lindsay Tarpley
                            


                            Posted:
                             Sep 07, 2007 at 12:00 AM (Last Updated: Sep 07, 2007 at 12:00 AM)









@@img1 SAN FRANCISCO, CA –Metromint (www.metromint.com), the all natural mintwater with the unique cooling sensation, is proud to announce the sponsorship of soccer star Lindsay Tarpley.
A forward for the US Women’s National Soccer Team, Tarpley is a five-year veteran of the team, and an Olympic Soccer Gold Medalist. By age 21, “Tarp,” as her teammates and friends know her, scored two of …










                                2007 Bottled Water Buyer’s Guide – FREE DOWNLOAD
                            


                            Posted:
                             Aug 28, 2007 at 3:19 PM (Last Updated: Sep 09, 2015 at 9:26 PM)









@@img1DOWNLOAD NOW >>
The BevNET/Beverage Spectrum Magazine 2007 Bottled Water Buyer’s Guide showcases brands that are available for purchase in the United States and continues the broad coverage of the beverage market readers have come to expect in our 2006 and 2007 Energy Drink and Water Buyer’s Guides. Brands are listed alphabetically with contact information, available products and fl avors, and PACKAGING types. Additionally, …










                                Metromint Announces “All Stars” Ambassador Program
                            


                            Posted:
                             Aug 27, 2007 at 12:00 AM (Last Updated: Aug 27, 2007 at 12:00 AM)












SAN FRANCISCO, CA –Metromint (www.metromint.com), the all natural mintwater with the unique cooling sensation, is proud to announce the Metromint All Stars team (www.metromint.com/allstars). This diverse group of individuals, athletes, and lifestyle pioneers will represent the Metromint brand at a variety of cause-related and environmentally-conscious events nationwide.
@@img2 The team is comprised of a runner, two Olympic class swimmers, a Nordic …










                                Metromint New Packaging Series Wins Prestigeous Communication Arts Design Award
                            


                            Posted:
                             Aug 08, 2007 at 10:00 AM (Last Updated: Aug 08, 2007 at 10:00 AM)









SAN FRANCISCO, CA – Metromint, the all natural mintwater company that pioneered and created the mintwater category has been recognized in the 2007 Communication Arts Design Annual for the design of the new Metromint packaging series. Juried by nine top design professionals and attracting entries from 20 countries, Metromint was selected from over 9,000 entries. The Metromint four bottle line up will be published along …










                                METROMINT CHILLS DOWN NEW YORK THIS SUMMER WITH TWO NEW VARIETIES
                            


                            Posted:
                             Jul 05, 2007 at 12:00 AM (Last Updated: Jul 05, 2007 at 12:00 AM)









SAN FRANCISCO, CA – Just in time for summer, Metromint (www.metromint.com), the original mintwater, with the unique cooling sensation, has added new Orangemint and Lemonmint to their mintwater lineup. Orangemint is pleasantly aromatic, citrusy and mild. Drinking it evokes an orange grove in full bloom. Lemonmint is surprisingly tangy and brisk. It has a bright and invigorating taste that awakens your senses. 
Now …







Older Entries









Beverage Industry Jobs



Stony Creek Brewery is looking for a Brewer to join our family. - Stony Creek Brewery 
Microbiologist - Summit Brewing Co
On Premise Manager - Dallas/Fort Worth - FIJI Water
Creative Manager - Dogfish Head Craft Brewery
Philadelphia Brewery Sales Representative - Cape May Brewing Company
Sales Representative - Craft Beer Guild Distributing of LA
National Sales Director - Citizen Cider






Subscribe to BevNET's Daily Newsletter









Recent Articles




Features
Newswire
Spirits
Beer





Press Clips: Beverage Execs Ask for Aluminum Tariff Exception
VMG Closes New $550M Fund to Invest In Entrepreneurial Brands
Protein2o Adds Gatorade Vets, $4 Million in New Funding
WTRMLN WTR Targeted In Class Action Suit
Video: Bill Moses On Starting, Growing, Disrupting and Selling KeVita
Bai Acquisition Still Settling for DPSG
Review: Humm Kombucha’s Seasonal Hopped Grapefruit




Positive Energy Launches at Lucky Supermarkets
Review: Humm Kombucha’s Seasonal Hopped Grapefruit
Mariah Fineman Appointed as President for ​iDrink Beverages
Coca-Cola Zero Sugar Launches in U.S. with New and Improved Real Coca-Cola Taste
Juice Press To Open First D.C. Store In Union Station
Fairlife Introduces SuperKids Ultra-Filtered Milk with DHA Omega-3
Tea Of A Kind Introduces Eco-Friendly 4-Pack




James E. Pepper Distillery in Lexington, KY Receives Historic Distillery License
Heaven Hill Distillery Releases 2017 Parker’s Heritage Collection
IBHL Appoints Steph Ridgway as Manager of Brand Education
Catoctin Creek Distilling Company Spirits to Enter Pennsylvania in September
Heaven Hill Brands to Acquire Carolan’s Irish Cream Liqueur, Irish Mist Liqueur
Copper & Kings American Brandy Co. Adds Five New Markets
Bardstown Bourbon Company Appoints John J. Mack to Board of Directors




Genesee Brew House Releases Grüngeist Pale Ale in Pilot Batch Series
Pedal Haus Releases Rye New England-style IPA in Honor of Late Brewer
Boston Beer Company Reports Improved Revenue, Depletions Trends
Innis & Gunn Introduces 2 Limited-Edition Beers
Craft Brew Alliance Begins Selling Kona Brewing’s Hula Hefeweizen in California and Nevada
Shmaltz Brewing Announces 2 Summer Releases
Brewers Association Expands Professional Beer and Food Course








Upcoming Events








BevNET Live Winter 2017

Santa Monica, CA • Dec 4 - 5, 2017




 






NOSH Live Winter 2017

Santa Monica, CA • November 30, 2017




 






Brewbound Session Winter 2017

Santa Monica, CA • Nov. 29, 2017




 








BevNET.com



Tweets by @BevNET







 

















Follow Us:








Free E-Newsletters:


 BevNET Daily


 Project NOSH (Natural Food)


 Brewbound.com (Craft Beer)




 


BevNET Beverage School is an on-demand, video-based learning tool and online community designed for entrepreneurs and newcomers to the food and beverage industry.

 


Click to View Current Issue
Published 8x per year, BevNET Magazine is the leading industry magazine for analysis of trends, innovation, marketing, and product development.

 


The BevNET Podcast is now Taste Radio, the podcast for the beverage, food and beer industries. New episodes every Friday.





