










 


 

Stephen Socolof's involvement in venture capital (via Crossfiber Inc, Own Products Inc, Gainspan Corp, Everspin Technologies)































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/people/3078-stephen-socolofsection=people&subsection=detail&id=3078




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


StephenSocolofGet alertedif Stephen Socolof gets funded!Stephen SocolofCrossfiber Inc - DirectorOwn Products Inc - DirectorGainspan Corp - DirectorEverspin Technologies - DirectorDeals involving Stephen Socolof$8,433,000 raised with Crossfiber Inc on September, 2012Undisclosed raised with Crossfiber Inc on September, 2012$3,000,000 raised with Crossfiber Inc on April, 2012$5,149,213 raised with Own Products Inc on May, 2012$5,753,221 raised with Own Products Inc on December, 2010$13,854,999 raised with Gainspan Corp on December, 2012$6,471,324 raised with Gainspan Corp on June, 2012$5,075,000 raised with Gainspan Corp on November, 2010$29,000,000 raised with Everspin Technologies on January, 2015$12,015,729 raised with Everspin Technologies on December, 2014$15,000,000 raised with Everspin Technologies on August, 2013Please note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Some of the profile information was collected using the Crunchbase API. For more details on the profile, please check Stephen Socolof on Crunchbase.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment!

Stephen J. Socolof - Speakerpedia, Discover & Follow a World of Compelling Voices

































Log In
Sign Up












Business
Tech
Entertainment
Diversity
Health
Personal Growth
Faith
Sports
Education
Environment
Arts


                  More
                  












Home /
Speakers /
Stephen J. Socolof
View








Reviews Write New Review


     
         0 reviews
        







        Are you Stephen J. Socolof?
Claim Stephen's Profile


Report a problem with this profile

[email protected]
















                Stephen J. Socolof
              
                  



Founder and Managing Director New Venture Partners LLC




Stephen J. Socolof, Managing Partner, is a founder and member of the investment committee of New Venture Partners since 2001. Steve has spent his career focusing on corporate innovation. At New Venture Partners, Steve works with leading global technology corporations to help them spin out, commercialize, and scale up new business opportunities in semiconductors, software, storage, and wireless.
Previously, Steve joined Lucent Technologies in 1996 to establish Lucent's New Ventures Group responsible for incubating and launching new ventures to commercialize technology from Bell Labs. Lucent's New Ventures Group became the benchmark corporate venture organization for commercializing internally-developed technology. Before joining Lucent, Steve spent eight years with Booz, Allen & Hamilton Inc., where he was a leader of the firm's innovation consulting practice.
Steve is currently a director of EverSpin Technologies, GainSpan Corporation, Own Products, and is an observer of Alverix. He was a director of SyChip, Inc. before its acquisition by Murata and an investor and observer of Flarion Technologies, Inc. until its acquisition by Qualcomm, and of Silicon Hive until its acquisition by Intel. In addition, he was the early lead on and helped launch iBiquity Digital Corporation, Internet Photonics, Inc., and Lucent Digital Video.
Steve holds a BA in Economics and a BS in Mathematical Sciences from Stanford University and received his MBA from the Amos Tuck School at Dartmouth College, where he was a Tuck Scholar. He currently serves on the board of the Center for the Study of Private Equity at the Tuck School.
New Venture Partners, the global venture capital firm dedicated to corporate technology spin-outs, has over $700 million under management. Starting in 1997 as Lucent's New Ventures Group and operating as an independent firm since 2001, the New Venture Partners team has launched over 50 companies built upon innovations from Lucent/Bell Labs, British Telecom, Philips, Boeing, Freescale, GE, IBM, Intel, and other major technology companies.






            Videos
            


                No videos yet.
            




Tags


Software,
                      Information Technology (IT),
                  













            Request Information
          


 
          Add to List  







                Related Speakers View all








Don Duet
Global Co-Chief Operating Officer, Technology Divisi...







Ben Fried
Chief Information Officer at Google







Dan Doctoroff
CEO of Sidewalk Labs, Former President and CEO Bloom...







Pat Gelsinger
President and chief operating officer of EMC Informa...







Beth Jinks
Restructuring Reporter Bloomberg News







Michael A. Riley
Reporter Bloomberg News







Serena Saitto
Senior Deal Reporter Bloomberg News







Dominic Chu
Markets Reporter Bloomberg Television







Colonel Cedric Leighton
Cyberwarfare, Counterterrorism and Foreign Affairs A...







Stephen Alexander
SVP and Chief Technology Officer Ciena Corporation







Val Bercovici
Cloud Czar NetApp







David Berten
Founder and Partner Global IP Law Group







Porter Bibb
Managing Director, Corporate Finance MediaTech Capit...







Donal Byrne
Chief Executive Officer Corvil







Richard A. Falkenrath
Homeland Security became a part of our social lexico...







Stephen Ehrlich
Chief Executive Officer Lightspeed Financial, Inc.







Marc Ferrentino
CTO, SaaS BMC Software, Inc.  







Kevin J. Ford
Managing Director, Strategic Solution Advisory Regul...







Frank Frankovsky
Director, Hardware Design and Supply Chain, Facebook...







Leonid Frants
President and Founder OneMarketData



More like Stephen 




















© 2017 Speakerpedia


About
Terms
Privacy
DMCA





















Stephen J. Socolof: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 4:34 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of New Venture Partners LLC



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Stephen J. Socolof  Founder and Managing Partner, New Venture Partners LLCAgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 5 Board Members in 5 different organizations across 9 different industries.See Board Relationships57--
Background

		Mr. Stephen J. Socolof, also known as Steve, is a Founder and Managing Partner at New Venture Partners LLC. Mr. Socolof works with leading global technology corporations to help spin out, commercialize and scale up new business opportunities in semiconductors, software, storage, for wireless communications and IT. In 2001, he and his colleagues formed New Venture Partners as an independent venture fund. He joined Lucent at its inception in 1996. He served as the Vice ... President of the New Ventures Group. He has spent his career focusing on corporate innovation. He spent eight years with Booz, Allen & Hamilton where he was a leader of the practice focused on enhancing corporate innovation and increasing the productivity of the R&D organization. Mr. Socolof worked with many global technology corporations to improve the return on their R&D investments by enabling them to identify and new products and businesses to market more quickly and successfully. He was one of its leaders in helping clients improve their innovation and product development processes. Mr. Socolof worked with R&D organizations of many companies ranging across consumer products, electronics, engineered materials and medical products. He served as Vice President of Lucent Venture Partners L.L.C. since 1996. He served as Vice President of Lucent Venture Partners III, L.P. He was the lead on and helped launch iBiquity Digital Corporation, Internet Photonics, Inc., Lucent Digital Video and SavaJe Technologies, Inc. He was Executive at Booz Allen Hamilton Holding Corporation. He serves as a Member of Advisory Board at Mawsonia Ltd. He serves as a Director of NVMdurance Limited, Tuck School of Business at Dartmouth and CrossFiber. He has been a Director of Everspin Technologies, Inc. since June 2008. He serves as a Director of InPhase Technologies, Inc. GainSpan Corporation, Own Products, Inc., and Procelerate Technologies and is an Observer of Alverix, Inc., and DAFCA, Inc. He served as a Director of Alverix, Inc., ISPSoft, Inc. and AraLight, Inc. He served as Board Observer of Intelleflex Corporation. He served as a Director of SyChip, Inc. and Observer of Flarion Technologies, Inc and Silicon Hive. Mr. Socolof serves on the Board of the Center for the Study of Private Equity at the Tuck School. Mr. Socolof was involved with New Venture Partners LLC investment in. He was Chair of the National Venture Capital Association's Corporate Venture Group Advisory Board since April 24, 2012. Mr. Socolof holds an M.B.A. from the Amos Tuck School at Dartmouth College, where he was a Tuck Scholar, a B.A. in Economics and a B.S. in Mathematical Sciences from Stanford University.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
430 Mountain AvenueMurray Hill, New Jersey 07974United StatesPhone: 908-464-0900Fax: 908-464-8131
Board Members Memberships
DirectorTuck School of Business at DartmouthDirectorGainSpan CorporationDirectorNVMdurance Limited2008-PresentDirectorEverspin Technologies, Inc.
Education
BA Stanford UniversityBS Stanford UniversityMBA Tuck School of Business at Dartmouth
Other Affiliations
Lucent Venture Partners L.L.C.ISPSoft, Inc.Booz Allen Hamilton Holding CorporationStanford UniversityAraLight, Inc.SyChip, Inc.Lucent Venture Partners III, L.P.National Venture Capital AssociationZest Labs, Inc.Tuck School of Business at DartmouthGainSpan CorporationAlverix, Inc.Everspin Technologies, Inc.Own Products, Inc.NVMdurance LimitedMawsonia Ltd.


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact New Venture Partners LLC, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























CapRally




















Find Investors
Features
Pricing
About
Login
Sign Up









Results

Filter

All Sectors
Energy
Healthcare
Technology
Other


All Stages
Seed
Early
Growth


Argentina
Australia
Brazil
Canada
China
France
Germany
Hong Kong
India
Ireland
Israel
Japan
Jersey
Korea
Luxembourg
Russia
Singapore
Sweden
Switzerland
The Netherlands
United Kingdom
United States




Go








Stephen Socolof
Managing Partner // New Venture Partners

Murray Hill, NJ
(908) 464-0900
ssocolof@nvpllc.com





Companies Affiliations (15)



Alverix



DAFCA



Everspin Technologies



Flarion Technologies



GainSpan



GlobalCast Communications



Internet Photonics



ISPSoft



Lucent Digital Video



Maps On Us



Own



Procelerate Technologies



SavaJe Technologies



Silicon Hive



SyChip


Show more...


About Stephen Socolof
Stephen J. Socolof, Managing Partner, is a founder and member of the investment committee of New Venture Partners since 2001. Steve has spent his career focusing on corporate innovation. At New Venture Partners, Steve works with leading global technology corporations to help them spin out, commercialize, and scale up new business opportunities in semiconductors, software, storage, and wireless.\n\nPreviously, Steve joined Lucent Technologies in 1996 to establish Lucent's New Ventures Group responsible for incubating and launching new ventures to commercialize technology from Bell Labs. Lucent's New Ventures Group became the benchmark corporate venture organization for commercializing internally-developed technology. Before joining Lucent, Steve spent eight years with Booz, Allen & Hamilton Inc., where he was a leader of the firm's innovation consulting practice.\n\nSteve is currently a director of EverSpin Technologies, GainSpan Corporation, Own Products, and is an observer of Alverix. He was a director of SyChip, Inc. before its acquisition by Murata and an investor and observer of Flarion Technologies, Inc. until its acquisition by Qualcomm, and of Silicon Hive until its acquisition by Intel. In addition, he was the early lead on and helped launch iBiquity Digital Corporation, Internet Photonics, Inc., and Lucent Digital Video.\n\nSteve has been named chair of the National Venture Capital Association’s (NVCA) Corporate Venture Group (CVG) Advisory Board. The CVG comprises that part of the NVCA membership made up of corporate venture arms. The CVG Advisory Board is responsible for developing programs to build better communication and practical cooperation between CVGs, venture capitalists, startup companies, and entrepreneurs. The Advisory Board leverages and extends the resources of the NVCA to create best-in-class educational and networking opportunities for corporate venture programs of all charters, sizes, business types, industries, and stages of development. Steve’s one-year term commenced with the NVCA Annual Meeting on April 24, 2012.\n\nSteve holds a BA in Economics and a BS in Mathematical Sciences from Stanford University and received his MBA from the Amos Tuck School at Dartmouth College, where he was a Tuck Scholar. He currently serves on the board of the Center for the Study of Private Equity at the Tuck School.\n\nNew Venture Partners, the global venture capital firm dedicated to corporate technology spin-outs, has over $700 million under management. Starting in 1997 as Lucent's New Ventures Group and operating as an independent firm since 2001, the New Venture Partners team has launched over 50 companies built upon innovations from Lucent/Bell Labs, British Telecom, Philips, Boeing, Freescale, GE, IBM, Intel, and other major technology companies.\n
Related Professionals (27)







Scott Yaphe
General Partner







Clark Jernigan
Venture Partner







Bob Goodman
Partner







Bruce Sachs
Investment Professional







Steve Jurvetson
Managing Director







Kent Madsen
Managing Director







Tom Uhlman
Managing Partner







Anton Arts
Partner







Robert Rosenberg
Partner







Basil Horangic
Partner







Carl Showalter
General Partner







Blake Modersitzki
Managing Director







Ben Yu
Managing Director







Lawrence G. Finch
Managing Director







Brian Wilcove
Partner







John Gannon
Founder & General Partner







Ken Ehrhart
Founder & General Partner







Arjun Gupta
Chief Believer







Erik Jorgensen
Director 







Stephen H Saltzman
Director 







Tammi E Smorynski
Director 







Thomas Urban
Director 







Gary J. Kurtzman
Senior Vice President and Managing Director 







Gerald A. Poch
Managing Director  







Peter Hébert
Co-Founder and Managing Partner







Shahin Farshchi
Principal







Mike Katz
Vice President

Show more...










Features
Pricing
About
Terms
Privacy
Help
Feedback
Contact Us


© 2017 CapRally, Inc. All rights reserved.







 




New Venture Partners LLC |   Stephen Socolof




















































 
Stephen Socolof
Managing Partner  
Stephen J. Socolof, Managing Partner, is a founder and member of the investment committee of New Venture Partners since 2001. Steve has spent his career focusing on corporate innovation. Steve works with leading global technology corporations to help spin-out, commercialize, and scale up new business opportunities in semiconductors, software & systems storage, for wireless communications and IT.
Previously, Steve joined Lucent Technologies in 1996 to establish Lucent’s New Ventures Group that was responsible for incubating and launching new ventures to commercialize technology from Bell Labs. Lucent’s New Ventures Group became the benchmark corporate venture organization for commercializing internally-developed technology. Before joining Lucent, Steve spent eight years with Booz, Allen & Hamilton Inc., where he was a leader of the firm’s innovation consulting practice.
Steve is currently a director of Everspin Technologies, GainSpan Corporation, NVMdurance and Vason Networks. He was a director of SyChip, Inc. before its acquisition by Murata and an investor and observer of Flarion Technologies, Inc. until its acquisition by Qualcomm, and lastly, of Silicon Hive until its acquisition by Intel. In addition, he was the early lead on helping launch iBiquity Digital Corporation, Internet Photonics, Inc., and Lucent Digital Video.
Steve chaired the National Venture Capital Association’s (NVCA) Corporate Venture Group (CVG) Advisory Board for a one year term in May 2012. The CVG comprises that part of the NVCA membership made up of corporate venture arms. The CVG Advisory Board is responsible for developing programs to build better communication and practical cooperation between CVGs, venture capitalists, start-up companies, and entrepreneurs. The Advisory Board leverages and extends the resources of the NVCA to create best-in-class educational and networking opportunities for corporate venture programs of all charters, sizes, business types, industries, and stages of development.
Steve holds a BA in Economics and a BS in Mathematical Sciences from Stanford University and received his MBA from the Amos Tuck School at Dartmouth College, where he was a Tuck Scholar. He currently serves on the board of the Center for the Study of Private Equity at the Tuck School.
Current Investments:
Everspin, GainSpan, NVMdurance and Vasona Networks
Prior Investments:
AirClic, Alverix, Aralight, CrossFiber, DAFCA, Flarion, GlobalCast Communications, Internet Photonics, ISPsoft, Lucent Digital Video, Maps On Us, Own Products, Procelerate Technologies, SavaJe Technologies, Silicon Hive and SyChip







 
  
 				©2015 New Venture Partners LLC Developed by Analog Method
                
 Follow us on   



















  













Stephen J Socolof | PSEPS Venture Data















Skip to main content








FundsVentureFunds of FundsReal EstateMezzanineBuyoutInfrastructureSecondariesPerformance rankingsIndustriesManufacturingComputer, Electronic and Optical ProductsBatteriesMedical DevicesMedical SuppliesPharmaceuticalsInformation ServicesInvestorsSeedSeries AOther VentureAcquisitionsIndividualsGrants 






Stephen J Socolof












Mr Stephen J Socolof 

Overview Stephen J. Socolof, Managing Partner, is a founder and member of the investment committee of New Venture Partners since 2001. Steve has spent his career focusing on corporate innovation. At New Venture Partners, Steve works with leading global technology corporations to help them spin out, commercialize, and scale up new business opportunities in semiconductors, software, storage, and wireless.
Previously, Steve joined Lucent Technologies in 1996 to establish Lucent's New Ventures Group responsible for incubating and launching new ventures to commercialize technology from Bell Labs. Lucent's New Ventures Group became the benchmark corporate venture organization for commercializing internally-developed technology. Before joining Lucent, Steve spent eight years with Booz, Allen & Hamilton Inc., where he was a leader of the firm's innovation consulting practice.
Steve is currently a director of EverSpin Technologies, GainSpan Corporation, Own Products, and is an observer of Alverix. He was a director of SyChip, Inc. before its acquisition by Murata and an investor and observer of Flarion Technologies, Inc. until its acquisition by Qualcomm, and of Silicon Hive until its acquisition by Intel. In addition, he was the early lead on and helped launch iBiquity Digital Corporation, Internet Photonics, Inc., and Lucent Digital Video.Steve holds a BA in Economics and a BS in Mathematical Sciences from Stanford University and received his MBA from the Amos Tuck School at Dartmouth College, where he was a Tuck Scholar. He currently serves on the board of the Center for the Study of Private Equity at the Tuck School.


Career



 New Venture Partners LLC
 
 
 
 
 
  
 New Venture's mission is to find innovations, fund companies and success 
 


 
Position: 
Managing Partner (Murray Hill) (current) 
 
edit delete
  


Add a position

  


Add a job

 

Add education

 

PSEPS ID: 8694 














Search form

Search 





 





More like this


Andrew Garman
Bob Rees
Thomas Uhlman
Marc Rappoport 
Stephen J Harrick
Daniel Deeney
New Venture Partners LLC
 





Investment themes




funds



 3d printing  

 advanced materials  

 artificial intelligence  

 augmented and virtual reality (AR VR)  

 automotive  

 blockchain  

 cybersecurity  

 drones - UAVs  

 education  

 electric vehicles  

 energy harvesting  

 energy storage  

 fintech  

 internet of things (IoT)  

 nanotechnology  

 robotics  

 sensors  

 wearable technology  

 





User login



Username *



Password *


Create new account
Request new password


 





Navigation


Stock exchanges
Terms of use
 









 










© Copyright 2017 by PSEPS Ltd. All Rights Reserved. 



 


 






Stephen Socolof, Managing Partner, New Leaf Venture Partners


























&timesJavascript is disabled
























Market Profiles



Login
Sign up



Login


Sign up








 







 Edit

Person













Stephen Socolof



Managing Partner
at
New Leaf Venture Partners


Location: Greater New York City Area





Add to My Lists

Claim

Share


Copy the following code on your page/blog


Suggested widget size



Mobile



Desktop









Stephen Socolof



Managing Partner
at
New Leaf Venture Partners


Location: Greater New York City Area




Add to My Lists

Claim

Share


Copy the following code on your page/blog


Suggested widget size



Mobile



Desktop




Stephen J. Socolof, Managing Partner, is a founder and member of the investment committee of New Venture Partners since 2001. Steve has spent his career focusing on corporate innovation. At New Venture Partners, Steve works with leading global technology corporations to help them spin out, commercialize, and scale up new business opportunities in semiconductors, software, storage, and wireless.
Previously, Steve joined Lucent Technologies in 1996 to establish Lucent’s New Ventures Group responsible for incubating and launching new ventures to commercialize technology from Bell Labs. Lucent’s New Ventures Group became the benchmark corporate venture organization for commercializing internally-developed technology. Before joining Lucent, Steve spent eight years with Booz, Allen & Hamilton Inc., where he was a leader of the firm’s innovation consulting practice.
Steve is currently a director of Alverix, CrossFiber, EverSpin Technologies, GainSpan Corporation, and Own Products.  He was a director of SyChip, Inc. before its acquisition by Murata and an investor and observer of Flarion Technologies, Inc. until its acquisition by Qualcomm, and of Silicon Hive until its acquisition by Intel. In addition, he was the early lead on and helped launch iBiquity Digital Corporation, Internet Photonics, Inc., and Lucent Digital Video.
Steve was recently chair of the National Venture Capital Association’s (NVCA) Corporate Venture Group (CVG) Advisory Board. The CVG comprises that part of the NVCA membership made up of corporate venture arms. The CVG Advisory Board is responsible for developing programs to build better communication and practical cooperation between CVGs, venture capitalists, startup companies, and entrepreneurs. The Advisory Board leverages and extends the resources of the NVCA to create best-in-class educational and networking opportunities for corporate venture programs of all charters, sizes, business types, industries, and stages of development.
Steve holds a BA in Economics and a BS in Mathematical Sciences from Stanford University and received his MBA from the Amos Tuck School at Dartmouth College, where he was a Tuck Scholar. He currently serves on the board of the Center for the Study of Private Equity at the Tuck School.



5

Companies in Career





N/A

Related Markets





4

Colleagues





1

Related Investments








Alias
N/A



Industry
Venture Capital




Tags
N/A




Topics of Influence












N/A







N/A






























Careers








Achievements








Investments








Related People






 Edit
View all 



Stephen SocolofCareer (5)






Dec-2001




New Leaf Venture Partners



Managing Partner












Everspin Technologies



Board Member







Apr-1996 to Dec-2001




Lucent Technologies



New Ventures Vice President







1987 to 1996




Booz Allen Hamilton



Principal







1982 to 1985




Strategic Decisions Group



Associate








Competencies










 Edit
View all 



Stephen SocolofEducation (2)






1987



The Amos Tuck School of Business at Dartmouth College









1982



Stanford University


Economics & Mathematical Sciences









 Edit



Stephen SocolofAchievements and Recognitions





Add Milestone


No milestones has been recorded for Stephen Socolof






 Edit



Stephen SocolofLinks





Add Link


No links has been recorded for Stephen Socolof









Stephen SocolofInvestments/Acquisitions





No investments has been recorded for Stephen Socolof






View all 



Stephen SocolofInvestments Representing Others









Everspin Technologies

Representing: New Venture Partners



Since Jun-2008


Series: B, B

Company status: PUBLIC










Stephen SocolofRelated People








Colleagues at New Leaf Venture Partners







Liam Ratcliffe

Managing Director
Jun-2013









Mike Dybbs

Partner
May-2009









Mike Dybbs

Principal
May-2009









Vijay Lathi

Managing Director
2005












View all 



Stephen SocolofRecommended Market Profiles (8)








Telemedicine

10,000 or More employees
19 companies








Social Media Marketing (ChiefMartec.com)

5,000 - 10,000 employees
111 companies








Big Data Universe List of Lists

10,000 or More employees
533 companies








Aggregated Marketing Technology

10,000 or More employees
2650 companies








Shared Economy Landscape (Jeremiah Owyang)

10,000 or More employees
267 companies








Inside Sales Landscape

10,000 or More employees
650 companies


















