
Security Check Required




FacebookJoin or Log Into Facebook   Email or PhonePasswordForgot account?Log InDo you want to join Facebook?Sign UpSign UpSecurity CheckPlease enter the text belowCan't read the text above?Try another text or an audio captchaText in the box:What's this?Security CheckThis is a standard security test that we use to prevent spammers from creating fake accounts and spamming users.SubmitEnglish (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017


    Michael Sodo | Capital Automotive REIT | ZoomInfo.com
Security Check Required




FacebookJoin or Log Into Facebook   Email or PhonePasswordForgot account?Log InDo you want to join Facebook?Sign UpSign UpSecurity CheckPlease enter the text belowCan't read the text above?Try another text or an audio captchaText in the box:What's this?Security CheckThis is a standard security test that we use to prevent spammers from creating fake accounts and spamming users.SubmitEnglish (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017























 



 American Realty Capital Properties Names Mike Sodo Senior Vice President, Director of Financial 
         










    










 






 











 









American Realty Capital Properties Names Mike Sodo Senior Vice President, Director of Financial Reporting and Treasury

		  Mr. Sodo Will Be an Integral Part of ARCP's Financial Oversight, Reporting Controls and Treasury Functions
		

Jul 16, 2014, 09:53 ET
		  		  						
						 from   American Realty Capital Properties, Inc. 











 
















































 

 















































 

 

 
 
 
 







American Realty Capital Properties Logo (PRNewsFoto/ARC Properties, Inc.)    
 Facebook
 Twitter
 Pinterest

































 




 




American Realty Capital Properties Logo (PRNewsFoto/ARC Properties, Inc.)
 


 

 




 





 


NEW YORK, July 16, 2014 /PRNewswire/ -- American Realty Capital Properties, Inc. ("ARCP") (NASDAQ:   ARCP) announced today that Mike Sodo will join ARCP as Senior Vice President, Director of Financial Reporting and Treasury, effective on or before August 5, 2014. This key hire is part of ARCP's commitment to further enhance its experienced team of senior level financial reporting, accounting and treasury professionals. In consultation with ARCP's board of directors, ARCP's management team hired Mr. Sodo following an extensive search for a professional with an appropriate skillset and background. 
"I am pleased to have an industry veteran such as Mike join ARCP in the integral role of Director of Financial Reporting and Treasury," stated Nicholas S. Schorsch, Chairman and CEO of ARCP. "He will be an excellent addition to our proven management team, bringing a wealth of skills and experience which will enhance the clarity, timeliness and accuracy of our reporting, delivering on our stated promise to stockholders in our June 20, 2014 letter. I expect Mike will be quickly integrated into our existing senior management team and begin leveraging his experience and skills to enhance financial oversight, reporting controls and treasury functions."
Mr. Sodo joins ARCP from Capital Automotive where he has served since 2003 in a number of roles of increasing seniority, most recently as SVP, Director of Financial Reporting and Treasurer. In this role, he handled capital markets activities and communication with rating agencies, lenders and investors; maintained and developed new lending relationships; reviewed debt covenant calculations for compliance and pro forma calculations; oversaw debt servicing activities; prepared the company's operating budget; and reviewed acquisition/disposition pipelines for accurate forecasting. Additionally, Mr. Sodo oversaw the accounting team and related accounting functions; prepared financial reports in cooperation with outside auditors; and served as a primary liaison with key clients, lawyers, regulators and financial institutions.
Prior to joining Capital Automotive, Mr. Sodo worked as an auditor for KPMG LLP and is a Certified Public Accountant. He earned his Bachelor Degree in Business Administration from the College of William and Mary.
About ARCP 
ARCP is a self-managed publicly traded real estate investment trust, organized as a Maryland corporation, listed on The NASDAQ Global Select Market, focused on acquiring and owning single-tenant freestanding commercial properties subject to net leases with high credit quality tenants. Additional information about ARCP can be found on its website at www.arcpreit.com. ARCP may disseminate important information regarding it and its operations, including financial information, through social media platforms such as Twitter, Facebook and LinkedIn. 
Forward-Looking Statements
Information set forth herein (including information included or incorporated by reference herein) may contain "forward‑looking statements" (as defined in Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), which reflect ARCP's expectations regarding future events. The forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, when Mr. Sodo will begin his employment with ARCP, ARCP's plans, financing, market and other expectations, objectives, intentions and other statements that are not historical facts. Additional factors that may affect future results are contained in ARCP's filings with the SEC, which are available at the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. ARCP disclaims any obligation to update and revise statements contained in these materials based on new information or otherwise. 



Contacts
 







Jamie Moser/Jonathan Keehner




Brian S. Block, CFO, Treasurer, Secretary and EVP



Joele Frank, Wilkinson Brimmer Katcher




American Realty Capital Properties, Inc.



Ph: 212-355-4449




Ph: 212-415-6500

Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20140716/127586 
 SOURCE  American Realty Capital Properties, Inc.  

RELATED LINKS
http://www.arcpreit.com



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  
















Jul 22, 2014, 17:15 ET
Preview: American Realty Capital Properties Announces Monthly Common Stock and Series F Preferred Stock Dividends for August 2014




















Jul 08, 2014, 06:00 ET
Preview: American Realty Capital Properties Announces Balance Sheet and Cole Capital Transaction Activity For The Second Quarter 2014 and Sets Earnings Release Date








My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 


Michael J Sodo - Arlington, VA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Michael J Sodo in Arlington, VA


Michael J Sodo

                                                                           Intelius found that Michael J Sodo  is  a male between 30 and 40 years old from Arlington, VA.  We have connected them to
                13 addresses,
                10 phones,
                and 4 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Mike  Sodo


Get Report Now

Age

Michael J Sodo is in his 30s

Michael Has Lived In

Arlington, VA
Dumfries, VA
New York, NY

Michael's Relatives

Patricia Sodo
Timothy Sodo
Donald Sodo
Courtney Kopf







Michael J Sodo



Zodiac SignScorpio



GenderMale



Professional Status
Senior Vice President, Director of Financial Reporting And Treasury at American Realty Capital



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Michael? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Michael, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Michael J Sodo
Get a Criminal Check on Michael J Sodo
Get a Public Record Report on Michael J Sodo
Get a People Search Report on Michael J Sodo


Michael J Sodo's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Michael J Sodo has lived as well as Michael J Sodo's phone numbers and email addresses.




Michael J Sodo Has Lived in 4 States
Virginia Address for Michael J Sodo


402 N G***** M**** D* 

Arlington, VA


Has Lived In

Arlington, VA
Dumfries, VA


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Michael J Sodo

() ***-**** - Arlington, VA 
(703) ***-**** - Arlington, VA 
(602) ***-**** - Phoenix, AZ 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Michael J Sodo

m***o@***.com
t***o@***.com
m***o@***.com


Get Email Report




Michael J Sodo's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about Michael J Sodo's academic history.  Find out which schools Michael J Sodo attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees Michael J Sodo received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Michael J Sodo Has Attended 2 Schools
The College of William and Mary Michael J Sodo has a Bachelor Degree in Business Administration               
Osbourn Park High School               1991 – 1995                              


Michael J Sodo's Professional Information
Information regarding Michael J Sodo's professional history.  Find out previous places Michael J Sodo has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Michael J Sodo Has Worked at 16 Places
Company: American Realty Capital
               Title: Senior Vice President, Director of Financial Reporting And Treasury
Company: Vereit, Inc.
               Title: Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
Michael J Sodo's Experience
Title: Senior Vice President, Director of Financial Reporting And Treasury
               Company: American Realty Capital
Job Details
               Company Size: Less than $1 mil - Employee Range: Less than 25
Title: Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
               Company: Vereit, Inc.
Job Details
               Company Size: $1 bil and above - Employee Range: 100 to less than 500. VEREIT is a leading, full-service real estate operating company with investment management capability. VEREIT owns and actively manages a diversified portfolio of retail, restaurant, office and industrial real estate assets with a total asset book value of $16.1 billion including 4,213 properties totaling approximately 96.9 million square feet, located in 49 states, as well as Puerto Rico and Canada. Additionally, VEREIT manages $7.1 billion of gross real estate investments on behalf of the Cole Capital non-listed REITs. VEREIT is a publicly traded Maryland corporation listed on the New York Stock Exchange.
Additional Professional Information on Michael J Sodo

 See Michael J Sodo's LinkedIn Profile



Michael J Sodo's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Michael J Sodo


Michael J Sodo's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Michael J Sodo's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Michael Sodo
Username Matches

                  MichaelSodo
                  SodoMichael
                  Michael.Sodo
                  Sodo.Michael
                  Michael_Sodo
                  Sodo_Michael
                  Michael-Sodo
                  Sodo-Michael
                  MSodo
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
M Sodo







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.














Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













STUDIO SODO ARTS | FINE ARTIST STUDIO & GALLERY


























 













 



Select Page


  
 
 








More Info
Studio SODO Arts is a working artists’ studio.
Address: 85 South Atlantic Street #203
Seattle, WA  98134
Business Hours: By Appointment Only
 





Get In Touch





Name



Email Address


 


Message
Message





				10 + 14 = 

 


 
 
 

Happenings
July 2017


S
M
T
W
T
F
S




 
 
 




 1


2345678


9101112131415


16171819202122


23242526272829


3031
 


 Archives 

 
 

facebook
Follow

Google+
Follow

Twitter
Follow

Pinterest
Follow

tumblr
Follow

Instagram
Follow

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 













Michael Sodo – CFO Moves 





































CFO MovesTracking CFO Movement Across the USA
CFO Moves – week ending October 28, 2016
Posted on October 31, 2016 Written by Samuel Dergel Leave a Comment CFO Moves this week include:



The Sherwin-Williams Company
Nordstrom
Gigamon Inc.


Rocket Fuel, Inc.
ALLETE, Inc.
MagneGas Corporation


Oaktree Capital Group, LLC
USA Truck, Inc.
The Mountain


Source Support Services
Systems Planning and Analysis, Inc.
TruWest


Energy Hunter Resources, Inc.
Cliffs Natural Resources Inc.
NetBrain Technologies Inc


Newmont Mining Corporation
Varian Medical Systems
Magnum Hunter Resources Corporation


Demandbase
MISSION
EXCO Resources, Inc.


DataGravity
PlanSource
Black Stone Minerals, L.P.


AltheaDx, Inc
Buffalo Wild Wings, Inc.
Stratix


Viega LLC
Aerojet Rocketdyne Holdings, Inc.
Sientra, Inc.


Gladstone Commercial Corporation
MINDBODY, Inc.
Diversified Restaurant Holdings, Inc.


ITUS Corporation
Agilysys, Inc.
Ellie Mae


Diplomat Pharmacy, Inc.





Would you like to receive our weekly CFO Moves directly in your email? Click the SIGN ME UP! button on the right of the blog page.
Should you have any CFO Moves to report, please email us.
NEW: CFO Search Report available monthly to CFOs only. Read more here.
CFO Moves is published by Samuel Dergel (Executive Search Consultant and CFO & Financial Executive Search Specialist with Dergel Executive Search). Samuel can be reached by email at samuel@dergelcfo.com or by phone at +1 (415) 738-2070.
+ + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + +
Al Mistysyn
Sherwin-Williams Company [CLEVELAND] (NYSE: SHW) announced that its Board of Directors has elected Allen J. Mistysyn to serve as Senior Vice President – Finance and Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Mistysyn has served as Sherwin-Williams’ Senior Vice President – Corporate Controller since October 2014 and will assume the CFO duties currently held by Sean P. Hennessy. Mr. Hennessy will remain with the Company in the role of Senior Vice President – Corporate Planning, Development and Administration. Mr. Mistysyn has held a variety of operational and corporate finance leadership positions since joining Sherwin-Williams in June 1990. Prior to his appointment as Senior Vice President – Corporate Controller, he served as Vice President – Corporate Controller from May 2010 to October 2014. Mr. Mistysyn also served as Vice President – Assistant Corporate Controller from August 2009 to May 2010, Vice President – Controller, Paint and Coatings Division from November 2006 to August 2009, and Vice President – Controller, Consumer Division from February 2003 to November 2006. Additionally, Mr. Mistysyn served in various roles in our Paint Stores Group and Product Finishes Division.
Nordstrom [SEATTLE] announced that Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Mike Koppel has shared his plans to retire from the company in spring 2017. Koppel joined Nordstrom in 1999 and has been the company’s Chief Financial Officer since 2001.
Gigamon Inc. [SANTA CLARA, Calif.] (NYSE: GIMO) announced that Rex S. Jackson is joining the company as chief financial officer. Rex previously served as CFO for four public companies including Rocket Fuel, JDS Uniphase, Symyx and Synopsys. He replaces Mike Burns, Gigamon’s CFO since July 2014.
Rocket Fuel, Inc. [REDWOOD CITY, Calif.] (NASDAQ: FUEL) announced that Stephen Snyder will join the company as its Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Snyder takes over from interim CFO Henrik Gerdes, who will resume his role as Vice President, Corporate Controller and Treasurer. Mr. Snyder previously served as CFO for Trilliant. Prior to that, he spent eight years at Adobe Systems, most recently as VP of Finance in the office of the CFO and before that as VP and GM for Adobe’s Channel Sales business. He also spent 13 years with Hewlett Packard in a series of increasingly senior global finance roles.
ALLETE, Inc. [DULUTH, Minn.] (NYSE: ALE) Chief Risk Officer and Senior Vice President of Energy-Centric Businesses Bob Adams has been promoted to ALLETE Chief Financial Officer. He will replace current CFO Steve DeVinck, who recently announced his intention to retire in the spring of 2017. Adams joined the Duluth-based company in 1987 as a financial analyst. He was named chief risk officer and vice president of business development in 2008, promoted to vice president of energy-centric businesses in 2014 and added the title of senior vice president of energy-centric businesses in 2015. The role of CFO is familiar to Adams, having served in that capacity in the past for Minnesota Power and Split Rock Energy.
Scott Mahoney
MagneGas Corporation [TAMPA, Florida] (NASDAQ: MNGA) announced the appointment of Scott Mahoney to the positions of Chief Financial Officer and Secretary of the Company. Luisa Ingargiola, the Company’s current CFO, will remain on the Board of Directors and will remain actively involved in operations and capital markets activities for the Company. Prior to joining MagneGas, Mr. Mahoney served as Chief Financial Officer of Phoenix Group Metals, LLC. He has also served as Chief Financial Officer of several oil and gas companies and as Vice-President of JP Morgan Chase.
Oaktree Capital Group, LLC [LOS ANGELES] (NYSE: OAK) announced that David Kirchheimer has decided to retire as Oaktree’s Chief Financial Officer and member of its Board of Directors. He will transition to serving as an Advisory Partner for the firm. Daniel Levin, Managing Director, Head of Corporate Finance and Chief Product Officer, will assume the role of Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining Oaktree in 2011, Mr. Levin was a Vice President in the Investment Banking Division at Goldman, Sachs & Co.
USA Truck, Inc. [VAN BUREN, Ark.] (NASDAQ: USAK) announced the appointment of James D. Reed as chief financial officer. Mr. Reed joins USA Truck from Interstate Distributor Company, where he served as CFO of Interstate and as president of its subsidiary Interstate Distributor Logistics. Mr. Reed joined Interstate in 2012 and served for a time as its senior vice president, sales. Prior to joining Interstate, Mr. Reed was senior director, finance and division CFO for EMC Corporation. Mr. Reed began his career with Intel Corporation in 1997.
Will Wescott
The Mountain [KEENE, N.H.] has announced that Will Wescott has joined the company as Chief Financial Officer.
Steve Snyder
Source Support Services [LAWRENCEVILLE, Ga.] announced it has appointed Steve Snyder as its new chief financial officer. Snyder started his career with accounting firm KPMG. He then accumulated nearly 20 years of experience as the CFO of several public and private high-tech companies: Digi International; Gearworks, Inc.; X-IO Technologies, and Ancor Communications.
Systems Planning and Analysis, Inc. [ALEXANDRIA, Va.] has named Alan R. Stewart Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining SPA, Mr. Stewart was the CFO for Vistronix. Before that, Mr. Stewart served as the CFO for Oceus Networks and ICF International.
TruWest [CLEVELAND] announced the hiring of new Chief Financial Officer Brent R. Leslie. Mr. Leslie joins TruWest from the Port of Cleveland. Mr. Leslie began his career at professional services firm PricewaterHouseCoopers LLP in Washington, DC.
Energy Hunter Resources, Inc. [DALLAS] announced that its Board of Directors has appointed Roger Burks as Interim Chief Financial Officer. Roger Burks is currently executive managing director and CEO of WG Consulting, LLC. He has experience from over 20 years with Deloitte & Touche and 14 years as a senior executive in the energy industry.
Cliffs Natural Resources Inc. [CLEVELAND] (NYSE: CLF) announced that it has appointed Eric M. Rychel to its Board of Directors. Mr. Rychel is Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of Aleris Corporation. He joined Aleris in 2012. Mr. Rychel was a managing director in the Industrials Group at Barclays Capital, Inc. between 2010 and 2012. Prior to that, Mr. Rychel was a managing director at Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc., from 1998 to 2009. Mr. Rychel began his career as an analyst at LSG Advisors.
NetBrain Technologies Inc. [BURLINGTON, Mass.] announced the addition of Jeffery Basile as Chief Financial Officer. Previously, Jeff served as Chief Financial Officer for PeopleFluent. Jeff began his career as senior auditor at Coopers & Lybrand and held the positions of Corporate Controller and Vice President of Finance at high-tech companies including Starent Networks, Viisage Technology, and Aspect Software.
Newmont Mining Corporation [DENVER] (NYSE: NEM) has appointed Nancy K. Buese to succeed Laurie Brlas as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (CFO) as part of a planned transition. Ms. Buese most recently served as Executive Vice President and CFO for MPLX. Prior to MPLX’s acquisition of MarkWest Energy Partners in 2015, Ms. Buese served for 11 years as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of MarkWest. Ms. Buese also is a former Partner with Ernst & Young.
Varian Medical Systems [PALO ALTO, Calif.] (NYSE: VAR) announced that Elisha W. Finney has informed the company of her intention to retire as executive vice president and chief financial officer.
Magnum Hunter Resources Corporation [IRVING, TX] announced that the Company has appointed Michael R. Koy as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining Magnum Hunter, Mr. Koy served as Chief Executive Officer of Denali Energy, LLC since 2014. Prior to his service at Denali Energy, Mr. Koy held several positions at EdgeMarc Energy, LLC. Mr. Koy served in various midstream and business development leadership roles at EdgeMarc Energy, prior to his appointment as its Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Koy began his career at BP in 1995. After a brief time with Maersk Oil in Copenhagen, Denmark, Mr. Koy joined Talisman Energy Inc. in 2009 as Vice President – Commercial for the North America Organization.
Demandbase [SAN FRANCISCO] announced that Tony Russo has joined the company as Chief Financial Officer. Before joining Demandbase, he served as CFO at Moovweb, and Efficient Frontier.
MISSION [NEW YORK] announced the promotion of Michael Abbott to Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining MISSION, Abbott was the Chief Operating Officer for Specialized Bicycle Components. Previously, he served as Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer for Burton Snowboards.
EXCO Resources, Inc. [DALLAS] (NYSE: XCO) announced that Tyler Farquharson, EXCO’s current Vice President of Strategic Planning, will become EXCO’s acting Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, following the departure of Chris Peracchi, EXCO’s current Vice President, acting Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Mr. Farquharson will continue to serve as EXCO’s Vice President of Strategic Planning.
DataGravity [NASHUA, N.H.] announced that Becky Zehr has joined the executive team as chief financial officer. Zehr has held numerous executive leadership positions at emerging companies including OneCloud Software, GTxcel and Exagrid.
PlanSource [ORLANDO, Fla.] announced that Michael Cooper has joined the company as Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining PlanSource, Michael served as a senior executive at Filtration Group and CFO at several companies such as Con-Air Industries, Empower Software Solutions, Connextions, and PSS World-Medical. Michael began his financial career at Ernst & Young.
Black Stone Minerals, L.P. [HOUSTON] (NYSE: BSM) announced that Jeffrey P. Wood will assume the role of Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer following the previously announced departure of Marc Carroll. Mr. Wood was most recently Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Siluria Technologies, Inc. Prior to Siluria, Mr. Wood was Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Eagle Rock Energy Partners. Prior to Eagle Rock, Mr. Wood spent 11 years at Lehman Brothers Holdings, Inc. Mr. Wood started his career in public accounting with Price Waterhouse LLP.
AltheaDx, Inc. [SAN DIEGO] announced the appointment of Andrew Jackson as Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining AltheaDx, Mr. Jackson was Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer of Celladon Corporation. Prior to Celladon, Mr. Jackson held senior finance positions at various life science and technology companies.
Buffalo Wild Wings, Inc. [MINNEAPOLIS] (NASDAQ: BWLD), announced the appointment of Alexander (Alex) H. Ware as executive vice president and chief financial officer (CFO). Prior to joining Buffalo Wild Wings, Ware served as executive chairman of MStar Holding Corp. From 2010 to 2015, Ware served as executive vice president (EVP) of strategic development and senior advisor for the Pohlad Companies. From 2005 until its sale in 2010, he served as EVP and chief financial officer of PepsiAmericas. Previously, Ware served PepsiAmericas as senior vice president, worldwide planning and corporate development. He began his Pepsi career in 1994 and held several progressive roles with PepsiCo, including strategic planning, mergers and acquisitions, and field finance operations. Prior to PepsiCo, Ware was a management consultant with Booz, Allen and Hamilton. Ware began his career in banking with Manufacturers Hanover Trust (now JP Morgan Chase).
Stratix [NORCROSS, Ga.] announced that Jim McCormick will join the company as chief financial officer. McCormick was previously chief financial officer for Silverpop. A certified public accountant and former strategic management consultant with Accenture, McCormick was also chief financial officer for Harbinger and for Knology.
Viega LLC [BROOMFIELD, CO] announced John Sullivan as its new chief financial officer. Prior to joining to Viega, Sullivan worked as the vice president of finance for Applied Water Systems and CFO of Flow Control divisions at Xylem, a director of financial planning and analysis at Vertex Pharmaceuticals Inc. and a director of finance at Tufts Health Plan.
Paul Lundstrom
Aerojet Rocketdyne Holdings, Inc. [SACRAMENTO, Calif.] (NYSE: AJRD) announced that Paul R. Lundstrom will join the company as vice president of Finance and chief financial officer. Lundstrom previously spent 19 years with United Technologies Corporation (UTC), most recently serving as vice president of Investor Relations. In prior positions with UTC, Lundstrom was vice president of finance and CFO for the Building & Industrial Systems and Climate, Controls & Security businesses in Asia. He also served as vice president of finance and CFO for Carrier’s commercial HVAC business in North America. Before moving to Carrier in 2006, Lundstrom served in a variety of finance leadership positions for UTC’s aerospace and defense business, Hamilton Sundstrand.
Sientra, Inc. [SANTA BARBARA, Calif.] (NASDAQ: SIEN)  announced that Patrick F. Williams has been appointed Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President, and Treasurer. He succeeds Matthew Pigeon, who is stepping down from his role as Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President. Most recently, Mr. Williams served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer at ZELTIQ Aesthetics. Mr. Williams was at ZELTIQ for approximately four years. Prior to ZELTIQ, Mr. Williams served as Vice President of Strategy and Investor Relations, and Vice President of Finance and Investor Relations at NuVasive. Mr. Williams  currently serves on the Board of Directors of Miramar Labs.
Gladstone Commercial Corporation [MCLEAN, Va.] (NASDAQ: GOOD) announced that Michael Sodo has been appointed Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Sodo most recently served as a CFO, Treasurer and Executive Vice President of VEREIT from October 2014 through October 2015.  Mr. Sodo, a Certified Public Accountant, started his career at KPMG in the audit function before spending 11 years at Capital Automotive where he rose to Senior Vice President of Financial Reporting and Treasurer.
MINDBODY, Inc. [SAN LUIS OBISPO, Calif.] (NASDAQ: MB) announced the appointment of Cipora Herman to its Board of Directors. Herman served as Chief Financial Officer for the National Football League’s San Francisco 49ers for four seasons. Prior to joining the 49ers, Herman served as Treasurer and Vice President of Finance at Facebook. Before Facebook, Herman served as Vice President of Finance and Treasurer for Yahoo! and has held finance and banking positions at Siebel Systems (acquired by Oracle), Hewlett-Packard Co., Agilent Technologies and Goldman Sachs.
Diversified Restaurant Holdings, Inc. [SOUTHFIELD, Mich.] (NASDAQ: SAUC) announced that Phyllis A. Knight has joined Diversified Restaurant Holdings as Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Ms. Knight most recently served as EVP and CFO of Polar Corporation. Prior to that Ms. Knight spent eleven years at Champion Enterprises, Inc. and Champion Enterprises Holdings, LLC, the bulk of which as EVP and CFO.
ITUS Corporation [LOS ANGELES, CA] (NASDAQ: ITUS), announced that Michael Catelani has joined the company as its new Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Catelani replaces Henry Herms, who will retire at the end of December after 21 years with the company. Previously, Mike cofounded Tacere Therapeutics, Inc., and served as its Chairman, President & Chief Financial Officer until its sale. Prior to Tacere, Mike served on the Board of Directors and was the Chief Financial Officer of Benitec Biopharma Limited. Mike was Vice President and Chief Financial Officer at Axon Instruments. Previously, he was the Vice President of Finance for Media Arts Group, Inc. Mike has also worked with several early stage start-ups and has served as a contract CFO to a number of established businesses in the biotech field.
Agilysys, Inc. [ALPHARETTA, Ga.] (NASDAQ: AGYS) announced that Chief Financial Officer Janine Seebeck has notified the Company that she is resigning from her position. Tony Pritchett, the Company’s Senior Director of Operations, will serve as Interim CFO until the appointment of a permanent successor. Mr. Pritchett is a certified public accountant who joined Agilysys in 2012 as Controller of the Retail Solutions Group and has subsequently served as the Company’s Controller as well as in his current role as Senior Director of Operations.
Ellie Mae [PLEASANTON, Calif.] (NYSE: ELLI) announced that its CFO, Ed Luce has announced his intention to retire. Matt LaVay, senior vice president of finance, will become CFO. Mr. LaVay joined Ellie Mae in 2012. Prior to joining Ellie Mae, Matt held senior finance positions with Taleo Corporation, Scientific Learning Corporation, Salesforce.com, PeopleSoft, Inc. and Arthur Andersen LLP.
Diplomat Pharmacy, Inc. [FLINT, Mich.] (NYSE: DPLO) announced that Sean Whelan will step down from his role as chief financial officer and a director on Diplomat’s Board of Directors. Robin Johnson, vice president of finance and chief financial officer of Diplomat’s Specialty Infusion Division, will take on an expanded leadership role until a formal replacement has been appointed.
Share this:LinkedInTwitterFacebookGoogleEmailPrintLike this:Like Loading...CFO Moves – week ending October 2, 2015
Posted on October 5, 2015 Written by Samuel Dergel 1 Comment CFO Moves this week include:



SunLink Corporation
Sun Orchard
TheStreet, Inc. 


Bridgepoint Education, Inc. 
Alliant Insurance Services
Alvogen


TeamQuest Corporation
DoubleDutch
Janrain


Spartan Motors, Inc. 
Liquid Web, Inc.
Digium®, Inc.


AAR CORP.
Zoe’s Kitchen, Inc. 
Vail Resorts, Inc. 


CyrusOne 
Ramco-Gershenson Properties Trust
Human Longevity, Inc. 


Aspen Technology, Inc. 
Aeglea BioTherapeutics, Inc.
Access Integrated Healthcare, LLC 


Majesco Entertainment Co 
Sun BioPharma, Inc. 
Forestar Group Inc. 


VEREIT, Inc. 
Natural Alternatives International, Inc. 
The Providence Service Corporation 


Atrenne Integrated Solutions
Park City Group, Inc. 
StoneMor Partners L.P. 


Farmer Bros. Co.
Sunshine Bancorp, Inc. 
SUPERVALU INC. 


NeighborWorks America





Would you like to receive our weekly CFO Moves directly in your email? Click the SIGN ME UP! button on the right of the blog page.
Should you have any CFO Moves to report, please email us.
CFO Moves is published by Samuel Dergel (Executive Search Consultant and CFO & Financial Executive Search Specialist with Stanton Chase). Samuel can be reached by email at s.dergel@stantonchase.com or by phone at +1 (415) 738-2070.
+ + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + +
SunLink Corporation [SAN RAFAEL, Calif.] announced Ken Schwarz has joined the company as chief financial officer. For the past two years, Schwarz has served as CFO at Sungevity. Prior to joining Sungevity, he was CFO and SVP of Information Systems at Primus Telecommunications Group. Schwarz also previously served as president and CFO of Simplexity, LLC, and held executive roles at Intersections Inc.
Sun Orchard [TEMPE, Ariz.] announced the appointment of Thomas Spielberger as Chief Financial Officer and Peter Maulbeck as Senior Vice President, Strategy & Planning. Tom Spielberger is an experienced CFO who joins Sun Orchard from Quinoa Corporation’s Ancient Harvest brand, where he served as CFO.  Prior to Ancient Harvest, he served as VP, Finance and CFO of Celestial Seasonings and as CFO of the Pliant Corporation. Previously, he was instrumental in the founding of the turnaround focused Gaslight Equity Group under the Development Specialists Inc. umbrella. Earlier experience includes positions of increasing importance in Jordan Industries, where he rose to the position of CFO. Tom began his career as an auditor with Ernst & Young serving as Manager, Mergers and Acquisitions Group before joining Jordan Industries.  Pete Maulbeck previously served as a consultant to Sun Orchard in the capacity of Interim CFO, and prior to that as CFO of AAK, US. His early career was at Peat Marwick as an auditor prior to joining AAK, US where he began as Chief Accounting Officer and advanced to CFO.
TheStreet, Inc. (NASDAQ: TST) [NEW YORK] announced that John C. Ferrara, its Chief Financial Officer, has announced his resignation in order to pursue another career opportunity. The Company also announced that Richard Broitman, the Company’s Chief Accounting Officer, has been appointed as Interim Chief Financial Officer.  Mr. Broitman has served as the Company’s Chief Accounting Officer since June 2009. Mr. Broitman joined the Company as its Controller in July 2000, was appointed Vice President of Finance in October 2007 and was named Acting Chief Accounting Officer in May 2009. Before joining the Company, Mr. Broitman was Controller of Individual Investor Group, was Director of International Royalties for Bertelsmann Music Group and worked in an audit capacity for both Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu (formerly Touche Ross & Co.) and CBS Corporation.
Bridgepoint Education, Inc. (NYSE: BPI) [SAN DIEGO] announced the hiring of Kevin Royal as the company’s new Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Former Chief Financial Officer Dan Devine will remain with the organization through 2015 to assist with the transition. Most recently, Royal served as Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary for Maxwell Technologies Inc., where he spent the past six years. From 2005 until 2009, Royal served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Blue Coat Systems, Inc. From 1996 until 2005, he held a series of senior finance positions, culminating with his appointment as Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Novellus Systems, Inc. Before he joined Novellus, he spent 10 years with Ernst & Young LLP, where he became a certified public accountant.
Alliant Insurance Services [NEWPORT BEACH, Calif.] has named Ilene Anders as its new Chief Financial Officer (CFO). Anders most recently led Alliant’s technology team as CIO. Previously, Anders had served as Alliant’s Vice President of Financial Planning and Analysis following prior positions in investment banking and financial consulting. Anders takes the reins of CFO from Greg Zimmer, who has had dual responsibilities as both President and CFO for many years. This move will now enable Zimmer to focus on his role as President of Alliant.
Alvogen [PINE BROOK, N.J.] announced that Kevin Bain, the Company‘s Chief Financial Officer since 2009 will take on the role of Chief Financial Officer of Alvogen‘s biotech sister company, Alvotech and continue as EVP of Strategic Development at Alvogen. Alvogen also announced that Graham Baker will be appointed as the group‘s new Chief Financial Officer, effective 1 November 2015. Graham joins Alvogen from AstraZeneca, where he has spent the past 20 years of his career, most recently as Vice President of Finance for AstraZeneca’s international business.
TeamQuest Corporation [CLEAR LAKE, Iowa] appointed Clay Anderson as Chief Financial Officer (CFO). Mr. Anderson brings more than 15 years of financial management and corporate development experience to TeamQuest.  Most recently, Anderson was Chief Financial Officer for Enavate Holdings, Inc. Previously, he led all strategic financial initiatives for TriZetto.
DoubleDutch [SAN FRANCISCO] announced the appointment of Brad Roberts as Chief Financial Officer (CFO). Roberts’ latest role was Vice President of Finance at Dropcam. He also worked with Natera (NTRA), Inflection and Synopsys (SNPS).
Janrain [PORTLAND, OR] announced Martin Day as its first chief financial officer. Previously, Day served as general manager at MotoSport.com. Prior to his work with MotoSport.com, Day was the vice president of finance and corporate controller at Digimarc Corp. Day has also held various finance and operations leadership positions with several organizations, including Ascension Software, CSI Digital, and Spinriot.
Spartan Motors, Inc. (NASDAQ: SPAR) [CHARLOTTE, Mich.] announced that Frederick “Rick” Sohm joined Spartan Motors as the Company’s Chief Financial Officer. Sohm succeeds Spartan Motors CFO Lori Wade. Sohm most recently served as the Treasurer of ALTe Technologies. Prior to joining ALTe Technologies in 2014, Sohm was the Chief Financial Officer of Warrior Sports, Inc., a position he held from 2009 to 2014. Sohm’s career spans over 20 years, during which he has held several executive and leadership positions in finance and accounting at world-class companies such as ArvinMeritor, Inc. and DaimlerChrysler Corporation.
Liquid Web, Inc. [LANSING, Mich.] announced the hiring of executive Terry Flood as the company’s new Chief Financial Officer. Flood most recently worked as a principal for Simafore. Prior to his role at Simafore, Flood filled the roles of CFO, COO, and, ultimately, CEO, over the span of his ten years spent with Logicalis. Jim Calandra, who was interim CFO, will remain with the company throughout the year.
Digium®, Inc. [HUNTSVILLE, Ala.] announced Allen Dillard has joined the company as its chief financial officer (CFO). Dillard joins Digium from Mobular Technologies, where he served as CEO. Prior to Mobular Technologies, Dillard served as corporate treasurer and investor relations director at Wolverine Tube, executive vice president and CFO at Phyve Corporation, and corporate vice president and CFO at Nichols Research Corporation. 
AAR CORP. (NYSE: AIR) [WOOD DALE, Ill.] announced that Michael J. Sharp has been appointed to serve as the Company’s Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Sharp will replace John C. Fortson who is resigning and relocating to take a CFO position with a non-aviation company. Mr. Sharp is a 19-year veteran of the Company and currently serves as its Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer. He also served as interim Chief Financial Officer of the Company from October 2012 to July 2013. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Sharp worked in management positions with Kraft Foods and KPMG LLP.
Zoe’s Kitchen, Inc. (NYSE: ZOES) [PLANO, Texas] announced that Sunil M. Doshi has been named the Company’s Chief Financial Officer. Since May of 2013, he has served as Chief Financial Officer for Fossil Americas, the $1.8 billion division of Fossil Group, Inc. (NASDAQ: FOSL). Mr. Doshi joined Fossil Group in February of 2012 as VP Finance for Fossil Group’s Global Retail Division. Prior to joining Fossil Group, Mr. Doshi served in multiple financial leadership roles from 1999 to 2012 at L Brands Inc. (NYSE: LB), including serving as Vice President, Financial Planning and Analysis, from 2010 to 2012, at Mast Global, L Brands’ internally-owned supply chain arm, and as Vice President, Retail Finance at Bath & Body Works, from 2006 to 2010. He also served in leadership roles at the company’s Victoria’s Secret division and in its Corporate planning and Treasury groups. Prior to L Brands, Mr. Doshi worked at several large, multinational companies, including BP and Ernst & Young.
Vail Resorts, Inc. (NYSE: MTN) [BROOMFIELD, Colo.] announced that Susan Decker has been appointed to the Company’s Board of Directors. Decker, who served as both president and chief financial officer at Yahoo! Inc., currently serves on several boards of directors, including Berkshire Hathaway; Intel Corporation, where she is lead director; and Costco Wholesale. She also serves as an advisor for several venture-backed Internet start-ups and is a trustee of the global non-profit organization, Save the Children.
CyrusOne (NASDAQ: CONE) [DALLAS] announced that its Chief Financial Officer and Administrative Officer, Kimberly H. Sheehy, will be leaving the Company and will be succeeded by Gregory R. Andrews as Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Andrews will join the Company as an Executive Vice President on October 19, 2015, and will be appointed as Chief Financial Officer following the filing of the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2015. In order to assist with the transition of financial reporting responsibilities for the Company, Ms. Sheehy will continue as an employee through December 31, 2015. Thereafter, Ms. Sheehy will serve as a consultant to the Company in connection with the preparation of the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. Most recently, Mr. Andrews served as the Chief Financial Officer of Ramco-Gershenson Properties Trust, a NYSE listed REIT, since 2010. From 2006 to 2009, Mr. Andrews was Chief Financial Officer of Equity One, Inc. From 1997 until 2006, Mr. Andrews was a Principal at Green Street Advisors.
Ramco-Gershenson Properties Trust (NYSE: RPT) [FARMINGTON HILLS, Mich.] announced that Gregory R. Andrews has resigned from his position as Chief Financial Officer and Secretary effective October 16, 2015, in order to pursue other career opportunities. In the interim, Deborah R. Cheek, the Company’s Chief Accounting Officer, will act as the Company’s Principal Accounting Officer and, in this role, will be responsible for all public reporting responsibilities. Additionally, Dennis Gershenson, President and Chief Executive Officer, and John Hendrickson, Chief Operating Officer, will oversee other responsibilities held by Mr. Andrews until a new Chief Financial Officer is named.
Human Longevity, Inc. (HLI) [SAN DIEGO] announced that William A. Roper, Jr. has been appointed Chief Financial Officer.  Roper joins the company full-time after serving as interim CFO. Roper has held a number of executive positions throughout his career, such as 17 years as Executive Vice President of SAIC, Inc. He also served as President and CEO of Verisign, Inc.
Aspen Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ: AZPN) [BEDFORD, Mass.] announced that Karl Johnsen, currently AspenTech’s Vice President and Corporate Controller, has been promoted to Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Johnsen will succeed Mark Sullivan, who previously announced he will retire from AspenTech at the end of September. Johnsen joined AspenTech in 2013 as Corporate Controller. Prior to joining AspenTech, he served in senior finance positions at a number of public and private technology companies, including Avid Technology, FusionStorm, Glasshouse Technologies, Art Technology Group and NaviSite.
Aeglea BioTherapeutics, Inc. [AUSTIN, Texas] announced the promotion of Charles N. York to chief financial officer from vice president of finance and accounting. Mr. York has been with the company since its inception in 2013, serving first as a consultant before joining as a full-time employee in the summer of 2014. Prior to joining Aeglea, Mr. York served as consulting chief financial officer at Bridgepoint Consulting.
Access Integrated Healthcare, LLC (AIH) [LOS ANGELES] announced that it has named Manel Sweetmore Chief Executive Officer. Sweetmore previously served as AIH’s Chief Financial Offer and Chief Operating Officer. Sweetmore most recently as CFO and SVP Structured Financing at Verenga Solar. He previously served as CFO at California Cryobank, Inc. 
Majesco Entertainment Co (NASDAQ: COOL) [SOUTH PLAINFIELD, NJ] announced the appointment of John Stetson as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.
Sun BioPharma, Inc. (OTC PINK: SNBP) [MINNEAPOLIS, MN] announced the appointment of Scott Kellen as Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Kellen joins Sun BioPharma from Kips Bay Medical, Inc., where he served as Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer. Previously, Scott served as Director of Finance for Transoma Medical, Inc., Corporate Controller for ev3 Inc. and Senior Audit Manager of Deloitte & Touche, LLP (now Deloitte LLP).
Forestar Group Inc. (NYSE: FOR) [AUSTIN, Texas] announced that Christopher L. Nines, Chief Financial Officer, stepped down September 30, 2015. The Board of Directors has named Charles D. Jehl, Executive Vice President – Oil & Gas, as Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Jehl served as Forestar’s Chief Accounting Officer from 2006 to 2013, and prior to joining Forestar was Chief Operations Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Guaranty Insurance Services, Inc.
VEREIT, Inc. (NYSE: VER) [PHOENIX] announced that Michael J. Bartolotta has been named Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Mr. Bartolotta most recently served as Executive Vice President and CFO for global real estate services firm Cushman & Wakefield. Michael Sodo, outgoing CFO, will assist with the transition.
Natural Alternatives International, Inc. (“NAI”) (NASDAQ: NAII) [SAN MARCOS, Calif.] announced the promotions of Kenneth Wolf to President and Michael Fortin to Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Wolf has been the Chief Financial Officer and the Treasurer of the Company since February 2008, Secretary of the Company since February 2009 and Chief Operating Officer since June 2010.  Prior to joining NAI, Mr. Wolf held senior financial and managerial positions over the last 25 years primarily with public reporting companies in the consumer goods industry. Mr. Fortin has been NAI’s Director of Accounting and SEC Reporting since April 2008.  Before joining NAI, Mr. Fortin was the Director of Finance for K2 Licensed Products, a subsidiary of Jarden Corporation, a consumer products company specializing in licensed sporting goods, Manager – Financial Accounting Operations for HSBC Auto Finance, a subsidiary of HSBC Bank USA, and an audit senior for Arthur Andersen LLP and KPMG LLP.
The Providence Service Corporation (NASDAQ: PRSC) [TUCSON, Ariz.] announced that it has named David Shackelton as the Company’s new Chief Financial Officer.  Mr. Shackelton has served as Interim Chief Financial Officer since August 2015 and succeeds James M. Lindstrom in this position. David Shackelton joined Providence in February 2014 as Head of Corporate Development and was subsequently appointed Interim Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining Providence, he was a private equity investment professional at Mill Road Capital and The Blackstone Group.  Mr
Atrenne Integrated Solutions [MINNEAPOLIS] announced the appointment of Robert J. Gold as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining Atrenne, he was the CFO of Culligan International. Before that, Mr. Gold was the CFO of United Plastics Group and Jolly Gardener, and held senior financial and general management positions within the Danaher Corporation in the U.S. and Europe, as well as other corporations.
Park City Group, Inc. (NASDAQ: PCYG) [SALT LAKE CITY] announced Todd Mitchell will join the company as Chief Financial Officer. Todd most recently served as Director of Research at Brean Capital, LLC where he covered Park City Group.  Ed Clissold, who served as both as CFO and General Counsel. Ed will continue as our General Counsel.
StoneMor Partners L.P. (NYSE: STON) [LEVITTOWN, Pa.] announced that Sean P. McGrath has been appointed Chief Financial Officer & Secretary. Mr. McGrath was most recently as the Chief Financial Officer of Atlas Energy Group, LLC and its subsidiaries. Prior to Atlas, from 2002 to 2005 Mr. McGrath served as Chief Accounting Officer at Sunoco Logistics Partners, L.P. Before that, Mr. McGrath held senior financial roles at Asplundh Tree Expert Co. and Arthur Anderson LLP.
Farmer Bros. Co. (NASDAQ: FARM) [TORRANCE, Calif.] announced the appointment of Isaac N. Johnston, Jr. as Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Johnston served as the Executive Vice President, CFO of Operations and Chief Transformation Officer at United Surgical Partners International, Inc. For over 25 years, Mr. Johnston served at PepsiCo, in several senior leadership roles, including as Senior Vice President of Company Wide Productivity and Advanced Research Commercialization at Frito-Lay North America, Senior Vice President of Procurement at PepsiCo, Senior Vice President Finance at Frito-Lay North America, and Chief Financial Officer of Frito-Lay Canada. The Company’s current Treasurer and CFO, Mark J. Nelson, will step down from the position due to family considerations relating to the Company’s headquarters relocation to Northlake, Texas. 
Sunshine Bancorp, Inc. (NASDAQ: SBCP) [PLANT CITY, Fla.] and Sunshine Bank, announced the appointment of John D. Finley as EVP, chief financial officer of Sunshine Bancorp, Inc. Most recently, he served as Director of Treasury Strategies at Susquehanna Bancshares, Inc. Prior to this, John was Chief Financial Officer at Graystone Tower Bank, Director of Public Finance at Legg Mason Wood Walker, Chief Operating Officer at Messiah Village and Staff Accountant at Ernst & Whinney. Vickie Houllis, current SVP, Chief Financial Officer of Sunshine Bancorp, Inc., will be leaving the Company to pursue other career opportunities.
SUPERVALU INC. announced the appointment of Bruce H. Besanko, SUPERVALU’s Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, to the office of Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and Susan S. Grafton, SUPERVALU’s Senior Vice President, Finance, and Chief Accounting Officer, to the office of Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer. Ms. Grafton will retain the responsibilities of chief accounting officer.
NeighborWorks America [WASHINGTON, DC] announced that it named Leonard Williams chief financial officer. Williams joins NeighborWorks America from Tatum, LLC, a strategic business consulting firm where he was a partner. Prior to Tatum, Williams was the EVP/CFO at PACT. Prior to joining PACT, Williams held a variety of increasingly responsible finance and technology management positions within organizations as diverse as the Graduate Management Admission Council, Quality Telecommunications Systems and Verizon Federal Systems.
Share this:LinkedInTwitterFacebookGoogleEmailPrintLike this:Like Loading...CFO Moves – week ending October 31, 2014
Posted on November 3, 2014 Written by Dergel CFO Admin Leave a Comment CFO Moves this week include:



Hill-Rom 
LoJack Corporation 
FORMA Therapeutics 


The Freeman Company
HARMAN International Industries, Incorporated 
COTA, Inc.


SL Green Realty Corp. 
Fred’s Inc. 
Intevac, Inc. 


Clean Energy Fuels Corp. 
Realty Income Corporation 
Behringer Harvard Opportunity REIT II, Inc. 


Elemica
Powerstorm Capital Corp. 
Renaissance RX 


Tallwave
BSQUARE Corporation 
CF Industries Holdings, Inc. 


Genius Brands International, Inc. 
Thrift Books LLC 
Xoom Corporation 


Farmers Capital Bank Corporation
American Realty Capital Properties, Inc. 
Black Hills Corp. 


Air Line Pilots Association, International (ALPA)





Would you like to receive our weekly CFO Moves directly in your email? Click the SIGN ME UP! button on the right of the blog page.
Should you have any CFO Moves to report, please email us.
CFO Moves is published by Samuel Dergel (Executive Search Consultant and CFO & Financial Executive Search Specialist with Stanton Chase International). Samuel can be reached by email at s.dergel@stantonchase.com or by phone at +1 (415) 738-2070.
+ + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + +
Hill-Rom (NYSE: HRC) announced the appointment of Steven J. Strobel as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (CFO). Before joining Hill-Rom, Strobel was Chief Financial Officer of BlueStar Energy.  Prior to BlueStar, Strobel served as Treasurer and Corporate Controller at Motorola, and in the same positions at Owens Corning.  Before that, he worked at Kraft Foods and American Hospital Supply Corporation.  Most recently, Strobel was President of McGough Road Advisors, a corporate finance consulting firm.  Strobel serves on the Board of Directors of Newell Rubbermaid Inc., where he chairs the Audit Committee.
LoJack Corporation (NASDAQ: LOJN) announced the appointment of Kenneth L. Dumas as Chief Financial Officer, effective November 10, 2014.  Casey Delaney, who became Acting CFO in May 2014, will remain LoJack’s Vice President and Controller. Prior to joining LoJack, Dumas served as CFO and Treasurer at Chase Corporation. Before becoming Chase’s CFO in 2007, Dumas served the company as Director of Finance and Corporate Controller. From 1993 to 2003 he worked for PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, where his positions included Senior Manager in the firm’s Assurance Practice. 
FORMA Therapeutics announced that Helen M. Boudreau has been appointed to the position of Chief Financial Officer. For the past six years, Helen has served at Novartis, most recently as Chief Financial Officer, Novartis Corporation. Previously, Helen served as Vice President, Investor Relations and was the Global Chief Financial Officer for Novartis Oncology. Prior to joining Novartis, Helen held various leadership positions for 10 years at Pfizer, where she last served as Vice President, Finance for the Customer Business Unit and Commercial Operations. Previously at Pfizer, Helen spent eight years in R&D in roles of increasing responsibility for Global R&D Finance, Research Finance and Procurement, Financial Planning & Strategic Analysis, and Strategic Management. Before joining the pharmaceutical sector, Helen gained expertise in strategic planning in the restaurant division of PepsiCo/YUM Brands, was an Engagement Manager at McKinsey & Co and was a Commercial Banking Officer at Bank of America.
The Freeman Company announced that Renee J. Hornbaker, chief financial officer at Stream Energy, has been named to Freeman’s Board of Directors. Hornbaker also belongs to the Boards of the Eastman Chemical Company and Tri-Global Energy, as well as serving as president of the National Association of Corporate Directors and as a member of the Executive Committee of the Dallas chapter of Women Corporate Directors.
HARMAN International Industries, Incorporated (NYSE: HAR) named Sandra E. Rowland, currently HARMAN’s Vice President, Corporate Development and Investor Relations, as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, effective January 1, 2015. Rowland succeeds Herbert Parker, who has been named to the newly-created role of Executive Vice President, Operational Excellence, responsible for Information Technology, Internal Audit, Mergers & Acquisitions and special projects. Rowland joined HARMAN in 2012 to lead Investor Relations. In 2013, she also took on the responsibility of Corporate Development, which included Strategy and Mergers & Acquisitions. Prior to HARMAN, Rowland served in positions of increasing responsibility at Eastman Kodak Company, including Controller of the Consumer Segment, Director of Corporate Financial Planning and Analysis, Assistant Treasurer, Director of Investor Relations, and Chief Financial Officer of the Commercial Segment. Before joining Kodak, Rowland advised technology companies within the Audit and Business Advisory practice of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP.
COTA, Inc. announced the appointment of Brian LaRock as the Company’s Chief Financial Officer (CFO). LaRock joins COTA following his role as CFO of NewsCred, Inc. Prior to NewsCred, Inc., LaRock served as COO/CFO of Big Lead Sports and CFO of 5min Media, Inc.
SL Green Realty Corp. (NYSE: SLG) announced that Matthew J. DiLiberto has been named the Company’s Chief Financial Officer (CFO), effective Jan. 1, 2015, when the employment agreement of the current CFO, James Mead, expires. Mr. Mead will be leaving to pursue other professional interests. Mr. DiLiberto has been with SL Green since 2004. Prior to this promotion, he has been the Company’s Chief Accounting Officer and Treasurer. Before joining the Company, he served for four years as a Controller and Director of Information Management for Chelsea Property Group, which is now a division of Simon Property Group. He previously held positions at Vornado Realty Trust and at Coopers and Lybrand, LLP, the predecessor to PricewaterhouseCoopers, LLP.
Fred’s Inc. (NASDAQ: FRED) announced that it has named Jerry A. Shore Chief Executive Officer of the Company. Shore has served as the Company’s Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for more than 14 years and assumed the additional title of Chief Operating Officer in January of this year.
Intevac, Inc. (NASDAQ:IVAC) announced that James P. Moniz joined the Company. Mr. Moniz will succeed Charles Eddy as the Company’s Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary on November 12, 2014. James Moniz was Chief Financial Officer of Nanometrics, Inc., where he served from 2009 until his retirement in 2011. Mr. Moniz has returned from his retirement to take the CFO position at Intevac. Prior to Nanometrics, Mr. Moniz was the Chief Financial Officer of Photon Dynamics. From 2000 until 2008, Mr. Moniz was the Chief Financial Officer of Nextest Systems Corporation. Prior to Nextest, Mr. Moniz held senior financial management positions at Millennia Vision Corporation, Lockheed Martin Corporation, Loral Corporation and Varian Associates.
Clean Energy Fuels Corp. (NASDAQ: CLNE) announced that Robert Vreeland has been appointed Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Vreeland served as Vice President of Finance and Accounting at Clean Energy from 2012 to 2014. Before joining Clean Energy, he was a consultant at RV CPA Services, PLLC. From January 1997 to May 2009, Mr. Vreeland held various finance and accounting positions at Hypercom, including Interim CFO; Senior Vice President and Corporate Controller; Senior Vice President, Operations; and Vice President of Financial Planning and Analysis. Prior to joining Hypercom, he spent twelve years at Coopers & Lybrand. Mr. Vreeland is replacing Richard Wheeler who served as Clean Energy’s CFO from 2002 to 2014.
Realty Income Corporation (NYSE: O) announced that Stephen E. Sterrett, Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Simon Property Group, Inc. has joined Realty Income’s Board of Directors. Mr. Sterrett has served as Senior Executive Vice President at Simon since 2011, and Chief Financial Officer since 2000. Mr. Sterrett joined Simon in 1988 and became Senior Vice President and Treasurer in 1993. Simon has previously announced that Mr. Sterrett intends to retire from his current position at Simon.
Behringer announced today that Jason Hall has been elected as chief financial officer of Behringer Harvard Opportunity REIT II, Inc. by the company’s board of directors. Hall will continue to serve as senior vice president and chief accounting officer of Behringer Harvard Opportunity REIT II, Inc. (“the company”), positions he has held since September 2013. With his election to CFO, Hall became the company’s principal financial officer. He began his tenure with the company in January 2005 as an SEC reporting manager. Before joining Behringer, Hall served from 2000 to 2004 in various accounting positions including two years as corporate controller for Aegis Communications Group, Inc. From 1991 to 2000, Hall was corporate controller of a private distribution company for five years and also spent three years in public accounting.
Elemica announced the addition of Keith D. Schneck as Chief Financial Officer. Keith’s recent experience includes roles as EVP and CFO at eRESEARCH TECHNOLOGY (ERT). He was also CFO of Neoware.
Powerstorm Capital Corp. (OTC: PTSO) announced that they have appointed Kirstin L. Gooldy as Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining Powerstorm Capital’s management team, Ms. Gooldy served as Controller at GAEA GROUP and Senior Vice President of DiBari Group a leading specialty finance group. Ms. Gooldy was also one of the founding members of a premier Telecommunications Company and has held the positions of Director of Finance, Treasury and Investor Relations. 
Renaissance RX announced that Thierry Amat has joined as its executive vice president and chief financial officer (CFO). Prior to joining Renaissance RX, Amat was the senior vice-president and CFO of Remedi SeniorCare. Amat was CFO of Aptuit between 2008 and 2012. Between 2005 and 2008, Amat was the CFO of SODEXHO INC. Prior to SODEXHO INC., Amat spent 19 years in a number of capacities at Sanofi.
Tallwave announced that Vickie Wittie has been appointed as the company’s chief financial officer. Wittie’s extensive background includes previous CFO positions at Unicorn Media, Limelight Networks, Cocoon Capital and Gateway Data Sciences Corporation.
BSQUARE Corporation (NASDAQ: BSQR) announced Marty Heimbigner as Chief Financial Officer of the company. Prior to Bsquare, Mr. Heimbigner was a partner at Pacific CFO Group, LLC. He has held other senior partner or financial leadership positions at companies including Tatum, LLC, City Bank, Demand Media, Intelligent Results, Airbiquity Inc., Washington Energy Company, and KPMG.
CF Industries Holdings, Inc. (NYSE: CF) announced that its Board of Directors has elected Theresa E. Wagler as an independent director of the company. Ms. Wagler has been chief financial officer and executive vice president of Steel Dynamics, Inc. since 2007 and 2009, respectively. She also serves as Steel Dynamics’ principal accounting officer. Ms. Wagler has held various positions of increasing responsibility since joining Steel Dynamics in 1998. Prior to joining Steel Dynamics, she served as assistant corporate controller for Fort Wayne National Bank and as a certified public accountant with Ernst & Young LLP.
Genius Brands International, Inc. (OTC: GNUS) have appointed Rebecca Hershinger as Chief Financial Officer. Hershinger began working with GBI in early 2014 through CFO Advisory Services, Inc. She previously served as CFO of the publicly traded start-up SpectrumDNA, Inc. Additionally, for six years, Hershinger held finance and corporate development positions at Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.
Thrift Books LLC announced the addition of Deni Day to serve as Chief Financial Officer. Most recently Day was the Director of Finance, eCommerce at Walgreens. Prior to Walgreens, Day was Manager in the Assurance group at McGladrey & Pullen.
Xoom Corporation (NASDAQ: XOOM) announced that Ryno Blignaut has decided to resign as Xoom’s CFO, effective December 1, 2014. Matt Hibbard, currently VP of Finance, will take over as CFO.
Farmers Capital Bank Corporation appointed Mark A. Hampton to be the Company’s Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer effective January 1, 2015. While Mr. Hampton will replace C. Douglas Carpenter as Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Carpenter will serve as Executive Vice President, Finance until next summer when he anticipates retiring. Mr. Hampton has concentrated on financial and regulatory reporting for significantly all of his years since joining the Company in 1997, and was most recently named Senior Vice President in 2012.
American Realty Capital Properties, Inc. (NASDAQ: ARCP) announced that Michael Sodo has been named Chief Financial Officer of the Company, replacing Brian Block. Mr. Sodo previously served as Senior Vice President, Director of Financial Reporting and Treasury. Mr. Sodo joined ARCP from Capital Automotive where he served in a number of roles of increasing seniority, most recently as SVP, Director of Financial Reporting and Treasurer. Mr. Block has resigned.
Black Hills Corp. (NYSE: BKH) announced that Anthony Cleberg, executive vice president and chief financial officer, will retire at the end of March 2015. Richard Kinzley, the company’s vice president and controller, will be appointed senior vice president and chief financial officer effective Jan. 1, 2015. Kinzley is a 15-year veteran of the company who has served in roles of increasing responsibility in the finance, accounting, and corporate strategy and development areas. Prior to assuming his current role in February 2013, Kinzley was vice president of strategic planning and corporate development.
Air Line Pilots Association, International (ALPA) announced that Elizabeth Robinson, PhD, has been appointed as director of Finance and chief financial officer (CFO). Robinson comes to ALPA from the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA), where she held the position of CFO since 2009. Prior to her role at NASA, Beth served as assistant director for Budget at the Office of Management and Budget and deputy director at the Congressional Budget Office.
Share this:LinkedInTwitterFacebookGoogleEmailPrintLike this:Like Loading...Follow CFO Moves via Email

Join the 6,401 people that receive this update by email every week. 
Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email.
 

							Email Address						












Sign up for the CFO Search Report
CFO Search Report, a follow on to CFO Moves, provides  information on CFO career opportunities in the market. 
CFO Search Report provides eligible CFOs with more information on the career opportunities identified in CFO Moves.  
CFO Search Report will provide monthly updates to eligible CFOs only. 
To apply to join and receive this exclusive monthly report, please click this link.
PS - Only qualified CFOs will be accepted to receive this exclusive monthly report. 


Samuel Dergel
Samuel is an Executive Search Consultant and CFO & Financial Executive Search Specialist with Dergel Executive Search.
Samuel and his team prepares this blog weekly so you can have one comprehensive source for CFO Moves across the USA. We track CFO Moves in our quest to be the most knowledgeable and up to date Executive Search firm focusing on the Chief Financial Officer.
If you are a company that would like help with your next CFO Hire, are a CFO that is looking to hire the right deputies for your team, or are a CFO looking for your next move, feel free to contact us.
Telephone: (415) 738-2070
Email: samuel@dergelcfo.com

 
 


Twitter: DergelCFOFollow"6 years later: Looking back at my career reboot" https://t.co/0DOtFZjK8z by @DergelCFO on @LinkedIn   Are you a #CFO with something to say about US #taxreform ?   RT @cfo: Penn West CFO and two deputies charged with #fraud. https://t.co/BlM98ACgrm https://t.co/oA76gnXLFu   This weeks' #CFO Moves includes movement at @LiquidRobotics @Kohls @MarinSoftware and 19 other co's… https://t.co/3VA0ZPZBq8   RT @OracleERPCloud: #CFOs: which quality best describes your style? See what else @DergelCFO thinks makes a great #CFO https://t.co/3TLWeah…   
Archives
Archives

Select Month
 July 2017 
 June 2017 
 May 2017 
 April 2017 
 March 2017 
 February 2017 
 January 2017 
 December 2016 
 November 2016 
 October 2016 
 September 2016 
 August 2016 
 July 2016 
 June 2016 
 May 2016 
 April 2016 
 March 2016 
 February 2016 
 January 2016 
 December 2015 
 November 2015 
 October 2015 
 September 2015 
 August 2015 
 July 2015 
 June 2015 
 May 2015 
 April 2015 
 March 2015 
 February 2015 
 January 2015 
 December 2014 
 November 2014 
 October 2014 
 September 2014 
 August 2014 
 July 2014 
 June 2014 
 May 2014 
 April 2014 
 March 2014 
 February 2014 
 January 2014 
 December 2013 
 November 2013 
 October 2013 
 September 2013 
 August 2013 
 July 2013 
 June 2013 
 May 2013 
 April 2013 
 March 2013 
 February 2013 
 January 2013 
 December 2012 
 November 2012 
 October 2012 
 September 2012 
 August 2012 
 July 2012 
 June 2012 
 May 2012 
 April 2012 
 March 2012 
 February 2012 
 January 2012 
 December 2011 
 November 2011 
 October 2011 
 September 2011 


EmailLinkedinRSSTwitter
© 2011-2016 Samuel Dergel (Executive Search Consultant and CFO Search Specialist). All rights reserved


 




Send to Email Address

Your Name

Your Email Address





Cancel

				Post was not sent - check your email addresses!			

				Email check failed, please try again			

				Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.			














%d bloggers like this:









Home - SODO











































Skip to content



SODO














WELCOME TO







WELCOME TO







WELCOME TO







WELCOME TO









BUSINESS DIRECTORIES
MADE IN SODO Automotive Service
Construction Service/Supply
Manufacturing
Over 21
Personal Service
Professional Service
Resources
Retail
Transportation Services

SHOP SODO Automotive Services
Construction Service/Supply
Over 21
Personal Service
Professional Service
Resources
Retail
Transportation Services

EXPERIENCE SODO Construction Service/Supply
Over 21
Parking
Personal Service
Professional Service
Recreation
Resources
Restaurants
Retail
Transportation Services

RESOURCES
 

SODO NEWS


7/20/17 - 
					Tour the SODO Track Event				

The SODO Track is gaining speed! Muralists from all over the world are descending on this 2 mile stretch of 5th Avenue South, working to  transform it into an art experience like no other. Come see the artists in action – we promise you, you’ve never seen painting quite  like this! Project partners from 4Culture and Urban ArtWorks will also be on hand to share more about the SODO Track and where the project is headed. This tour is  … More


The SODO Track is gaining speed! Muralists from all over the world are descending on this 2 mile stretch of 5th Avenue South, working to… More



7/19/17 - 
					SODO Employee Transportation Needs: Metro Community Connections Survey				

King County Metro, the City of Seattle and the SODO BIA are gathering information from people who work in Seattle’s SODO area. The way we  get around is changing. New technology and ideas are creating opportunities to develop customized transportation solutions to go along with traditional, fixed-route bus service.  This survey aims to find solutions to improve mobility options for people traveling to, from, and around SODO. This survey will help us understand the travel needs of people who work  … More


King County Metro, the City of Seattle and the SODO BIA are gathering information from people who work in Seattle’s SODO area. The way we… More



6/15/17 - 
					Seattleites aghast at thousands of used drug needles littering parks, streets				

By Suzanne Phan, Thursday, June 15th 2017 SEATTLE – The city of Seattle says it’s collected nearly 11,000 used syringes since February – in just  four months. But, the city knows there are a whole lot more out there and people don’t know what to do with them. “I  felt really disappointed that I found another needle,” said Christina Klein. It’s the second time Klein has come across a discarded drug needle in Queen Anne.  … More


By Suzanne Phan, Thursday, June 15th 2017 SEATTLE – The city of Seattle says it’s collected nearly 11,000 used syringes since February – in just… More





GET TO​KNOW US!Upcoming Events
Newsletter Signup
About SODO BIA
Contact Director
 











Michael Hicks in SoDo Seattle, Washington with Reviews - YP.comStart your search by typing in the business name below.
What do you want to find?

Where?My current locationSearchHomeSeattle, WAMichael HicksSoDo Seattle, WA Michael HicksAbout Search ResultsAbout Search ResultsYP - The Real Yellow PagesSM - helps you find the right local businesses to meet your specific needs. Search results are sorted by a combination of factors to give you a set of choices in response to your search criteria. These factors are similar to those you might use to determine which business to select from a local Yellow Pages directory, including proximity to where you are searching, expertise in the specific services or products you need, and comprehensive business information to help evaluate a business's suitability for you. “Preferred” listings, or those with featured website buttons, indicate YP advertisers who directly provide information about their businesses to help consumers make more informed buying decisions. YP advertisers receive higher placement in the default ordering of search results and may appear in sponsored listings on the top, side, or bottom of the search results page.Sort:DefaultDefaultDistanceRatingName (A - Z)Sponsored LinksAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection1. John Hicks Law Office615 2nd AveSeattle, WA 98104(206) 838-73751.2 milesAttorneysCriminal Law AttorneysWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection2. Schiffer Odom & Hicks PLL701 5th Ave Ste 4200Seattle, WA 98104(206) 262-76771.3 milesAttorneysAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection3. A Shawn Hicks AttyBBB Rating: A+800 5th Ave Ste 3825Seattle, WA 98104(206) 812-14141.4 milesAttorneysConstruction Law AttorneysAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection4. Hicks Peter S601 Union St Ste 4100Seattle, WA 98101(206) 628-66001.7 milesAttorneysAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection5. John Hicks Law Office1615 2nd AveSeattle, WA 98101(206) 838-73751.8 milesAttorneysGeneral Practice AttorneysWebsiteServicesAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection6. Nicholas Hicks & Farmer Inc6050 20th St EFife, WA 98424(253) 926-090024 milesPension & Profit Sharing PlansInsuranceWebsiteServicesAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection7. Hicks, Samantha: Samantha Hicks6320 Evergreen Way Ste 213Everett, WA 98203(425) 355-880525.2 milesFinancial Planning ConsultantsAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection8. Babcock, Michael W66 S Hanford StSeattle, WA 98134(206) 448-81000.6 milesAttorneysWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection9. Michael N Rosen Atty(5)2407 14th Ave SSeattle, WA 98144(206) 292-05091.1 milesAttorneysDUI & DWI AttorneysWebsiteServicesMichael Nathen Rosen fights for the man's side in a DV case. He wore my ex wife down in court with so many questions and twists until she admitted s…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection10. Costello Michael J123 3rd Ave S Ste 100Seattle, WA 98104(206) 623-53111.1 milesSocial Security & Disability Law...WebsiteServicesAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection11. Weier Michael159 S Jackson StSeattle, WA 98104(206) 622-79401 mileGeneral Practice AttorneysAttorneysAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection12. Law Office-John Michael Jmnz214 Alaskan Way SSeattle, WA 98104(206) 973-75291 mileAttorneysWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection13. Booker R Michael PC2157 14th Ave SSeattle, WA 98144(800) 450-61761.1 milesSocial Security & Disability Law...Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection14. Michael R Thorp Atty315 5th Ave SSeattle, WA 98104(206) 676-70001.1 milesAttorneysAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection15. Nance Michael C615 2nd Ave Ste 760Seattle, WA 98104(206) 624-32111.2 milesInsurance AttorneysAttorneysAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection16. Subit Michael C705 2nd AveSeattle, WA 98104(206) 682-67111.2 milesAttorneysParalegalsWebsiteServicesAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection17. Kolker Michael S Atty705 2nd Ave Ste 410Seattle, WA 98104(206) 464-17611.2 milesAttorneysGeneral Practice AttorneysAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection18. Malnati, Michael C, JD801 2nd Ave Ste 1415Seattle, WA 98104(206) 624-62711.3 milesAttorneysWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection19. Michael T Schein Atty801 2nd AveSeattle, WA 98104(206) 624-62711.3 milesAttorneysAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection20. Barber Michael701 5th AveSeattle, WA 98104(206) 381-33001.3 milesPatent, Trademark & Copyright Law...Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection21. Sorensen, Michael R701 5th AveSeattle, WA 98104(206) 224-82241.3 milesAttorneysAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection22. Pfau Michael T701 5th AveSeattle, WA 98104(206) 462-43351.3 milesPersonal Injury Law AttorneysAttorneysServicesAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection23. Law Offices of Michael701 5th Ave Ste 4710Seattle, WA 98104(206) 340-09901.3 milesAttorneysGeneral Practice AttorneysWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection24. Feinberg, Michael M701 5th AveSeattle, WA 98104(206) 224-80951.3 milesAttorneysWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection25. Liles, Mike701 5th AveSeattle, WA 98104(206) 224-80681.3 milesAttorneysWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection26. Swett, Michael A701 5th AveSeattle, WA 98104(206) 903-87681.3 milesAttorneysAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection27. Freno, Michael J701 5th AveSeattle, WA 98104(206) 622-49001.3 milesAttorneysAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection28. Rosato, Michael T701 5th AveSeattle, WA 98104(206) 883-25291.3 milesAttorneysAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection29. Harris, Michael P, JD1001 4th AveSeattle, WA 98154(206) 622-74341.4 milesAttorneysAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection30. Williamson Michael H999 3rd Ave Ste 2600Seattle, WA 98104(206) 292-80081.4 milesAttorneysGeneral Practice AttorneysWebsiteSponsored LinksShowing1-30
of 242results12345NextMap ViewSponsoredGENERACServing the Seattle area.(866) 343-7555More InfoDidn't find what you were looking for?magnifying glass 
We just redesigned yp.com! Do you like it?×            LikeNot a Fan×            Thank You!Feedback
