    Gad Soffer | Atara Biotherapeutics, Inc. | ZoomInfo.com


Gad  Soffer - San Francisco, CA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Gad  Soffer in San Francisco, CA


Gad  Soffer

                                                                           Intelius found that Gad  Soffer  is  a male between 40 and 40 years old from San Francisco, CA.  We have connected them to
                10 addresses,
                8 phones,
                and 3 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Age

Gad  Soffer is in his 40s

Gad Has Lived In

San Francisco, CA
Cambridge, MA
Columbus, GA

Gad's Relatives

Tanya Soffer
Oved Soffer
Benny Soffer







Gad  Soffer



Zodiac SignLeo



GenderMale



Professional Status
Harvard University



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Gad? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Gad, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Gad  Soffer
Get a Criminal Check on Gad  Soffer
Get a Public Record Report on Gad  Soffer
Get a People Search Report on Gad  Soffer


Gad  Soffer's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Gad  Soffer has lived as well as Gad  Soffer's phone numbers and email addresses.




Gad  Soffer Has Lived in 4 States
California Address for Gad  Soffer


4701 2*** S* 

San Francisco, CA


Has Lived In

San Francisco, CA
Cambridge, MA


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Gad  Soffer

(212) ***-**** - New York, NY 
() ***-**** - San Francisco, CA 
(646) ***-**** - New York, NY 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Gad  Soffer



Get Email Report




Gad  Soffer's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about Gad  Soffer's academic history.  Find out which schools Gad  Soffer attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees Gad  Soffer received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Gad  Soffer Has Attended 1 School
Harvard University 


Gad  Soffer's Professional Information
Information regarding Gad  Soffer's professional history.  Find out previous places Gad  Soffer has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Gad  Soffer Has Worked at 1 Place
Company: Harvard University
               
Gad  Soffer's Experience
Title: 
               Company: Harvard University
Job Details
               The Harvard Art Museums, among the world's leading art institutions, comprise three museums (Fogg, Busch-Reisinger, and Arthur M. Sackler) and four research centers (Straus Center for Conservation and Technical Studies, the Center for the Technical Study of Modern Art, the Harvard Art Museums Archives, and the Archaeological Exploration of Sardis). The Fogg Museum is dedicated to Western art from the Middle Ages to the present; the Busch-Reisinger Museum focuses on works from central and northern Europe with a special emphasis on the art of German-speaking countries; and the Arthur M. Sackler Museum is dedicated to Asian, ancient, and Islamic and later Indian art. Together, the collections include approximately 250,000 objects in all media. The Harvard Art Museums are distinguished by the range and depth of their collections, their groundbreaking exhibitions, and the original research of their staff. Integral to Harvard University and the wider community, the museums and research centers serve as resources for students, scholars, and the public. For more than a century they have been the nation's premier training ground for museum professionals and are renowned for their seminal role in developing the discipline of art history in this country. www.harvardartmuseums.org, www.harvardartmuseums.org/renovation.
Additional Professional Information on Gad  Soffer

 See Gad  Soffer's LinkedIn Profile



Gad  Soffer's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Gad  Soffer


Gad  Soffer's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Gad  Soffer's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Gad Soffer
Username Matches

                  GadSoffer
                  SofferGad
                  Gad.Soffer
                  Soffer.Gad
                  Gad_Soffer
                  Soffer_Gad
                  Gad-Soffer
                  Soffer-Gad
                  GSoffer
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
G Soffer







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.













Gad Soffer, Atara Biotherapeutics Inc: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  

























Feedback





Gad Soffer

Exec VP/Chief Strategy OFC,
Atara Biotherapeutics Inc






Career History




Exec VP/Chief Strategy OFC
Atara Biotherapeutics Inc, PRESENT


Chief Operating Officer
Atara Biotherapeutics Inc, 3/2013-UNKNOWN



Celgene Corp, FORMER


Consultant:Healthcare
Easton Associates LLC, FORMER


Show More









Website:
www.atarabio.com






Corporate Information
Address:

611 Gateway Blvd
Suite 900
S San Francisco, CA 94080
United States


Phone:
1-650-278-8930


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.atarabio.com











From The Web












Personal Information



Education



President & Fellows of Harvard College
Bachelor's Degree


Columbia University
Master's Degree


Harvard Business School
MBA


Show More








Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data










































Gad Soffer | Atara Biotherapeutics | Email, COO, @atarabio.com 











































LOGIN

7 DAY FREE TRIAL


























Gad Soffer

 Atara Biotherapeutics  COO


Updated On : 
                    Apr 04, 2017                            

export

















701 Gateway Blvd,

South San Francisco, CA 94080


Email format for @atarabio.com

Direct Phone: Not Available 









Type:

                    Public                
Employees: 
50 - 99

Revenue:  
5 - 10 Million

Industry:  
                        Biotech/Healthcare                    
SIC Code:  
                         2836  - Biological Products, Except Diagnostic








 BIOGRAPHY

 
                    Isaac Ciechanover is Atara Biotherapeutics's CEO. Their COO is Gad Soffer. Their Lead411 profile is categorized under the Biotech/healthcare industry. If you're checking for Atara Biotherapeutics email addresses, these are also available on Lead411 with the @atarabio.com email format and possibly Gad Soffer's email. Atara Biotherapeutics is based in South San Francisco, CA. You can also get Gad Soffer's linkedin info, twitter, phone numbers, wiki, and biography on their Lead411 profile. Their contact information is filed under the Biotech/healthcare category.  Some possible email formats for Gad Soffer are GSoffer@atarabio.com, Gad.Soffer@atarabio.com, Gad@atarabio.com, and Gad_Soffer@atarabio.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@atarabio.com addresses.            


Similar People:
Gad Sabbatier - Other
Their Postdoctoral Fellow is Gad Sabbatier. Their Lead411 profile is categorized under the Education/training industry. If you're checking for Queen's University email addresses, these are also available on Lead411 with the @queensu.ca email addresses and possibly Gad Sabbatier's email. Queen's University is based in Kingston, ON. You can also get Gad Sabbatier's linkedin info, twitter data, phone numbers, wiki and biography on their Lead411 profile. Their contact information is filed under the Education/training category.  Some possible email formats for Gad Sabbatier are GSabbatier@queensu.ca, Gad.Sabbatier@queensu.ca, Gad@queensu.ca, and Gad_Sabbatier@queensu.ca. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@queensu.ca addresses.
Gad Serruya - Other
Trying to find Gad Serruya's email, wiki, phone numbers, twitter, biography, and linkedin data?  You can check out Dextel.net's profile on Lead411, where you can also get @dextel.net contact information.  Dextel.net is an organization centered in Montreal, , which you can find on Lead411 under the Internet category.  Gad Serruya is their Senior Web Strategist.  Some possible email formats for Gad Serruya are GSerruya@dextel.net, Gad.Serruya@dextel.net, Gad@dextel.net, and Gad_Serruya@dextel.net. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@dextel.net addresses.
Gad Shitrit - Executive
 is MuxLab's CEO. Their Operations/Logistics Manager is Gad Shitrit. Their Lead411 profile is categorized under the Other industry. If you're checking for MuxLab email addresses, these are also available on Lead411 with the @muxlab.com email format and possibly Gad Shitrit's email. MuxLab is based in Mount Royal, QC. You can also get Gad Shitrit's linkedin info, twitter, phone numbers, wiki, and biography on their Lead411 profile. Their contact information is filed under the Other category.  Some possible email formats for Gad Shitrit are GShitrit@muxlab.com, Gad.Shitrit@muxlab.com, Gad@muxlab.com, and Gad_Shitrit@muxlab.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@muxlab.com addresses.



Similar Employees:
Nancy Jorgesen - Other
A Vice President, Project Leadership at Atara Biotherapeutics based in South San Francisco, CA, Nancy Jorgesen has a comprehensive profile on Lead411. You can find the entry on Atara Biotherapeutics in our Biotech/healthcare category. The company CEO is Isaac Ciechanover. There are email addresses on their profile and may include Nancy Jorgesen' email format too. You can also find other contact information like facebook, phone numbers, biography, wiki, and linkedin for Nancy Jorgesen.  Some possible email formats for Nancy Jorgesen are NJorgesen@atarabio.com, Nancy.Jorgesen@atarabio.com, Nancy@atarabio.com, and Nancy_Jorgesen@atarabio.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@atarabio.com addresses.
David Tucker - Finance
Trying to find David Tucker's email, wiki, phone numbers, twitter, biography, and linkedin data?  You can check out Atara Biotherapeutics's profile on Lead411, where you can also get @atarabio.com contact information.  Atara Biotherapeutics is an organization centered in South San Francisco, CA, which you can find on Lead411 under the Biotech/healthcare category.  David Tucker is their Vice President of Finance.  Some possible email formats for David Tucker are DTucker@atarabio.com, David.Tucker@atarabio.com, David@atarabio.com, and David_Tucker@atarabio.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@atarabio.com addresses.
Isaac Ciechanover - Executive
Trying to find Isaac Ciechanover's email, wiki, phone numbers, twitter, biography, and linkedin data?  You can check out Atara Biotherapeutics's profile on Lead411, where you can also get @atarabio.com contact information.  Atara Biotherapeutics is an organization centered in South San Francisco, CA, which you can find on Lead411 under the Biotech/healthcare category.  Isaac Ciechanover is their CEO/President.  Some possible email formats for Isaac Ciechanover are ICiechanover@atarabio.com, Isaac.Ciechanover@atarabio.com, Isaac@atarabio.com, and Isaac_Ciechanover@atarabio.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@atarabio.com addresses.

People Directory > Gad Soffer



















Gad Soffer: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 4:35 PM ET
Biotechnology

Company Overview of Atara Biotherapeutics, Inc.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Gad   Soffer  Executive VP & Chief Strategy Officer, Atara Biotherapeutics, Inc.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 0 Board Members in 0 different organizations across 1 different industries.40$3,098,042As of Fiscal Year 2016
Background

		Mr. Gad Soffer has been Chief Strategy Officer and Executive Vice President at Atara Biotherapeutics, Inc. since October 2016 and served as its Chief Operating Officer since March 2013 until October 2016. Mr. Soffer led product development and lifecycle management for Abraxane, a breast, lung and pancreatic cancer treatment also in development for melanoma. He also led $6 billion in business development transactions while advising on venture investment and strategic ... partnerships. Earlier, Gad was a healthcare consultant with Easton Associates. He earned an MBA at Harvard Business School, a master’s degree in geochemistry at Columbia University and an undergraduate degree at Harvard.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
611 Gateway BoulevardSouth San Francisco, California 94080United StatesPhone: 650-278-8930Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
				There is no Board Members Memberships data available.
				Education
BA Harvard UniversityMBA Harvard Business SchoolMS Columbia University
Other Affiliations
Harvard UniversityHarvard Business SchoolColumbia University


Annual Compensation
Salary$358,800Bonus$131,321Total Annual Compensation$490,121
Stocks Options
Restricted Stock Awards$2,605,894All Other Compensation$2,027Exercisable Options$54,944Unexercisable Options$88,611Total Number of Options$143,555
Total Compensation
Total Annual Cash Compensation$492,148Total Short Term Compensation$490,121Other Long Term Compensation$2,607,921Total Calculated Compensation$3,098,042




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Atara Biotherapeutics, Inc., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close































Gad Soffer - Executive Officer at Pinta Biotherapeutics, Inc.



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Gad Soffer
Executive Officer at Pinta Biotherapeutics, Inc.



Overview
In The News Relationships Paths
Education Career History Public Holdings Transactions 


Gad Soffer
Executive Officer at Pinta Biotherapeutics, Inc.



 Overview



Age



40
                                  (Born 1977)
                                              




Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 342 people.
              






 In The News
          See more




GlobeNewswire
April 6, 2016





                        Atara Bio to Present at the 15th Annual Needham Healthcare Conference                    





GlobeNewswire
October 29, 2015





                        Atara Biotherapeutics Announces Participation in Three Investor Conferences                    







See full news coverage and complete stories with RelSci Professional.

Create Your News Feed








See  More 






 Relationships
              See Details




Isaac Ciechanover

Founder & Chief Executive Officer at Atara Biotherapeutics, Inc.




John F. McGrath, Jr.

Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer at Atara Biotherapeutics, Inc.





Christopher Haqq

Chief Medical & Scientific Officer at Atara Biotherapeutics, Inc.




Heather D. Turner

Executive Vice President, General Counsel, Secretary & Head of Portfolio Strategy at Atara Biotherapeutics, Inc.





David Carmel

Head of Immunotherapy at Atara Biotherapeutics, Inc.




Steve Bertram

Head-Global Human Resources at Atara Biotherapeutics, Inc.





Derrell Porter

Senior Vice President & Global Head-Commercial at Atara Biotherapeutics, Inc.




Mitchall G. Clark

Executive Vice President & Chief Regulatory & Quality Assurance Officer at Atara Biotherapeutics, Inc.





Joe Newell

Executive Vice President, Chief Technical Operations Officer at Atara Biotherapeutics, Inc.




Robert Friedman

Managing Director, Healthcare Life Sciences Practice at Navigant Consulting, Inc.







See 332 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 332 More 


 


 Paths to Gad Soffer



            Gad Soffer          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Gad Soffer






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Gad Soffer.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Educational Background



MBA 


Harvard University - Harvard Business School

                  Harvard Business School (HBS) is the graduate business school of Harvard University in Boston, Massachusetts, United States. The school offers a large full-time MBA program, doctoral programs, and many executive education programs. It owns Harvard Business School Publishing, which publishes business books, leadership articles, online management tools for corporate learning, case studies, and the monthly Harvard Business Review.                




Master Geochemistry 


Columbia University

                  Columbia University is one of the world's most important centers of research and at the same time a distinctive and distinguished learning environment for undergraduates and graduate students in many scholarly and professional fields. The University recognizes the importance of its location in New York City and seeks to link its research and teaching to the vast resources of a great metropolis. It seeks to attract a diverse and international faculty and student body, to support research and teaching on global issues, and to create academic relationships with many countries and regions. It expects all areas of the university to advance knowledge and learning at the highest level and to convey the products of its efforts to the world.                




 


Harvard University

                  Harvard was established in 1636, and it is the oldest institution of higher education in the United States. The University, which is based in Cambridge and Boston, Massachusetts, has an enrollment of over 20,000 degree candidates, including undergraduate, graduate, and professional students. The University has twelve degree-granting Schools in addition to the Radcliffe Institute for Advanced Study.                





 Career History



Executive Vice President & Chief Strategy Officer

                                    2013 - Current                


Atara Biotherapeutics, Inc.


                  Atara Biotherapeutics, Inc. operates as a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company which focuses on developing novel therapeutics for serious unmet medical needs, with an initial focus on muscle wasting conditions and oncology. Its product candidates are biologics targeting myostatin and activin, members of the transforming growth factor-beta, protein superfamily, which play roles in the growth and maintenance of muscle and many other body tissues. The company was founded by Isaac E. Ciechanover on August 22, 2012 and is headquartered in South San Francisco, CA.                




Executive Officer

                                    Current                


Pinta Biotherapeutics, Inc.






Executive Officer

                                    Current                


Santa Maria Biotherapeutics, Inc.






Executive Officer

                                    Current                


Nina Biotherapeutics, Inc.






Vice President-Business Development

                                    Prior                


Celgene Corp.


                  Celgene is a global biopharmaceutical company committed to improving the lives of patients worldwide.

At Celgene, we seek to deliver truly innovative and life-changing drugs for our patients. Our mission as a company is to build a major global biopharmaceutical corporation while focusing on the discovery, the development, and the commercialization of products for the treatment of cancer and other severe, immune, inflammatory conditions.

There are more than 300 clinical trials at major medical centers using compounds from Celgene. Investigational compounds are being studied for patients with incurable hematological and solid tumor cancers, including multiple myeloma, myelodysplastic syndromes, chronic lymphocyte leukemia (CLL), non-Hodgkin's lymphoma (NHL), myelofibrosis, small cell lung cancer and prostate cancer.

As committed as we are to clinical accomplishment, we are equally committed to patient support, which is a guiding principle at Celgene. We believe all who can benefit from our discoveries should have the opportunity to do so. Celgene puts patients first with industry-leading programs that provide information, support and access to our innovative therapies                




Healthcare Consultant

                                    Prior                


Easton Associates LLC


                  Part of Navigant Consulting, Inc., Easton Associates LLC is an American company located in New York, NY, that provides management consulting to the healthcare industry. The firm was founded by Robert J. Easton. Easton Associates LLC was acquired by Navigant Consulting, Inc. on 02 Oct 12 for $12.10 million.                





 Public Holdings






Restricted data only for RelSci Professional users.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Transactions



 Details Hidden



                  Pinta Biotherapeutics, Inc. raised money in a private placement transaction                                  




 Details Hidden



                  Santa Maria Biotherapeutics, Inc. raised money in a private placement transaction                                  




 Details Hidden



                  Nina Biotherapeutics, Inc. raised money in a private placement transaction                                  




 Details Hidden



                  Pinta Biotherapeutics, Inc. raised money in a private placement transaction                                  




 Details Hidden



                  Santa Maria Biotherapeutics, Inc. raised money in a private placement transaction                                  






See 1 more listing with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 1 More 






 Other Affiliations




              Gad Soffer is affiliated with
                            Atara Biotherapeutics, Inc., Pinta Biotherapeutics, Inc., Santa Maria Biotherapeutics, Inc., Nina Biotherapeutics, Inc., Celgene Corp., Easton Associates LLC.
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤













 






Gad Soffer, Chief Operating Officer, Atara Biotherapeutics


























&timesJavascript is disabled
























Market Profiles



Login
Sign up



Login


Sign up








 







 Edit

Person













Gad Soffer



Chief Operating Officer
at
Atara Biotherapeutics


Location: San Francisco Bay Area





Add to My Lists

Claim

Share


Copy the following code on your page/blog


Suggested widget size



Mobile



Desktop









Gad Soffer



Chief Operating Officer
at
Atara Biotherapeutics


Location: San Francisco Bay Area




Add to My Lists

Claim

Share


Copy the following code on your page/blog


Suggested widget size



Mobile



Desktop




Gad Soffer joined Atara Biotherapeutics in March 2013 as Chief Operating Officer. Previously at Celgene, he led product development and lifecycle management for Abraxane, a breast, lung, and pancreatic cancer treatment also in development for melanoma. He also led $6 billion in business development transactions while advising on venture investment and strategic partnerships. Earlier, Gad was a healthcare consultant with Easton Associates. He earned an M.B.A. at Harvard Business School, an M.S. at Columbia University and an A.B.from Harvard University. In his free time, Gad enjoys geology, fly-fishing, canoeing and snowshoeing. In 2001, he was inducted in the National Wrestling Hall of Fame.



1

Companies in Career





N/A

Related Markets





4

Colleagues





N/A

Related Investments








Alias
N/A



Industry
R&D in Biotech, Environmental and various industries (no marketing product yet)




Tags
N/A




Topics of Influence












N/A







N/A



























Careers








Achievements








Investments








Related People






 Edit
View all 



Gad SofferCareer






Mar-2013




Atara Biotherapeutics



Chief Operating Officer








Competencies










 Edit
View all 



Gad SofferEducation (3)






2008



Harvard Business School













Columbia University


Geochemistry










Harvard University












 Edit



Gad SofferAchievements and Recognitions





Add Milestone


No milestones has been recorded for Gad Soffer






 Edit



Gad SofferLinks





Add Link


No links has been recorded for Gad Soffer









Gad SofferInvestments/Acquisitions





No investments has been recorded for Gad Soffer









Gad SofferInvestments Representing Others





No investment reps has been recorded for Gad Soffer








Gad SofferRelated People








Colleagues at Atara Biotherapeutics







Joe Newell

Executive Vice President and Chief Technical Operations Officer
Apr-2017









David Carmel

Head of Immunotherapy
Mar-2015









Derrell Porter

Senior Vice President and Global Commercial Head
Jul-2014









John McGrath

Chief Financial Officer
Jan-2013








View all 
Peers (18)







G. Bradley Cole

Chief Operating Officer of Genomic Health









Mitchell Nelles

Chief Operating Officer of CareDx









Aron Knickerbocker

Chief Operating Officer of Five Prime Therapeutics









Steve Filler











Christopher M. Hall

Chief Operating Officer of Veracyte









Maky Zanganeh

Chief Operating Officer of Pharmacyclics












View all 



Gad SofferRecommended Market Profiles (2)








Life Sciences (Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers)

10,000 or More employees
58 companies








Healthcare Corporate Venture Deals

2,500 - 5,000 employees
56 companies


















