    Simon Soh | First Financial Northwest, Inc. | ZoomInfo.com




Beedie School of Business, SFU, Canada























Search



Beedie School of Business 

 
 











This site

sfu.ca


 



sfu.ca


A-Z Directory

a
b
c
d
e
f
g
h
i
j
k
l
m
n
o
p
q
r
s
t
u
v
w
x
y
z


Sign in

SFU Connect + mySFU
Student Information System
Canvas
Beedie Community






 


   
Pek SohProfessor, Strategy / Technology and Operations ManagementPh.D. Management of Technology (MIT); M.Sc. Management (National University of Singapore); M.Sc. Management of Information Systems (London School of Economics); B.Sc. (Hons) Computer Science (University College London)
Segal Room: SGL 3905Segal Phone: 778.782.7921Burnaby Room: WMC 4350Burnaby Phone: 778.782.5570Email Address: psa28@sfu.caAcademia: http://beedie.sfu.ca/profiles/Pek-HooiSohCurriculum Vitae: ViewBiography
Pek Hooi Soh is a Professor of Strategy and Technology Management in Beedie School of Business. Before joining Simon Fraser University, she was on the faculty of NUS Business School at the National University of Singapore (NUS). She had been a visiting professor and research scholar at Peking University and Tsinghua University in Beijing, China, and at Hitotsubashi University's Institute of Innovation Research in Tokyo, Japan. She received her Ph.D. in Management of Technological Innovation and Entrepreneurship from MIT Sloan School of Management, her Masters’ degrees from the London School of Economics and NUS Business School, and her B.Sc. from University College London.
Pek's research interests lie in three broad, intersecting areas: strategy, technological innovation, and entrepreneurship. She has examined how collaboration networks affect technological transition, technology standard development, innovation performance, entrepreneurial and diversification strategy. Her research also bridges across disciplinary areas from strategic management, economic sociology to organization theory. Her work has appeared in leading journals such as the Academy of Management Journal, Strategic Management Journal, Research Policy and Journal of Business Venturing. Her doctoral thesis proposal was awarded a second prize at INFORMS/Organization Science Dissertation Proposal Competition in 1997. She currently serves on the editorial board of Journal of Business Venturing and has been an active peer reviewer for more than a dozen business and engineering management journals. She has taught in EMBA and MBA programs on technology management and strategy, and doctoral seminars on strategic management, innovation and entrepreneurship.
Pek, along with several PhD candidates and visiting scholars, is currently investigating the competitive and cooperative nature of technological ecosystems, the role of scientists in academic-industry collaborations, and the configurations of entrepreneurs' decision making process and entrepreneurial networks. These projects invite highly motivated doctoral students with broad interests in commercialization of science and technology to participate in both theory development and field studies. She has developed two intensive, interdisciplinary-based reading courses for doctoral-level research on technology competition and entrepreneurship.
On her most valuable experience as an academic, "Always meeting and engaging with wonderful professors, colleagues, and students from diverse backgrounds, and never stop being inspired by others."
The mother of three children, she enjoys outdoor activities and traveling with her family. Her favourite events in Vancouver include Beedie Terry Fox Run and BC Childrun Against Childhood Cancer.
Specialization and Research Interests
Technology Strategy, Ecosystem Innovation, Entrepreneurship, Social Networks, Strategic Alliances.
Selected Publications
Articles and ReportsMing Pu; Pek SohThe role of network embeddedness and organizational learning in subsidiary development2017 | Asia Pacific Journal of Management. Annapoornima M. Subramanian; Pek SohLinking alliance portfolios to recombinant innovation: The combined effects of diversity and alliance experience2016 | Long Range Planning. Elicia Maine; Pek-Hooi Soh; Nancy Dos SantosThe role of entrepreneurial decision-making in opportunity creation and recognition2015 | Technovation. 39-40: 53-72Pek-Hooi Soh; Annapoornima SubramanianWhen do firms benefit from university-industry R&D collaborations? The implications of firm R&D focus on scientific research and technological recombination2014 | Journal of Business Venturing. 29(6): 807-821Annapoornima M. Subramanian; K H. Lim; Pek-Hooi SohWhen birds of a feather don't flock together: Different scientists and the roles they play in biotech R&D alliances2013 | Research Policy. 42(3): 595-612Lee O'Donnell; Pek-Hooi Soh; Elicia MaineNew ventures BC economic impact and entrepreneurial research project2012Pek-Hooi SohNetwork patterns and a firm's competitive advantage before the emergence of a dominant design2010 | Strategic Management Journal. 31(4): 438-461Jing Zhang; Pek-Hooi Soh; Poh-Kam WongEntrepreneurial resource acquisition through indirect ties: Compensatory effects of prior knowledge2010 | Journal of Management. 36(2): 511-536Jing Zhang; Vangelis Souitaris ; Pek-Hooi Soh; Poh-Kam WongA contingent model of network utilization in early financing of technology ventures2008 | Entrepreneurship: Theory and Practice. 32(4): 593-613Pek-Hooi Soh; Ishtiaq P. Mahmood; Will MitchellDynamic inducements in R&D Investment: Market signals and network locations2004 | Academy of Management Journal. 47(6): 727-744Pek-Hooi SohThe role of networking alliances in information acquisition and its implications for new product performance2003 | Journal of Business Venturing. 18(6): 907-917Pek-Hooi Soh; Edward B. RobertsNetworks of innovators: A longitudinal perspective2003 | Research Policy. 32(9): 1537-1717Pek-Hooi Soh; Edward B. RobertsTechnology alliances and networks: An external link to research capability2005 | IEEE Transactions on Engineering Management. 52(4): 419-428Books, Book Chapters and MonographsAnnapoornima M. Subramanian; Kwanghui Lim; Pek Soh; Fredrik Tell; Christian Berggren; Stefano Brusoni; Andrew Van de VenBridging scientists and informal R&D collaborations: Implications for firm-level knowledge integration and patent performance2017 | Managing knowledge integration across boundaries. 191-205Pek-Hooi Soh; David Teece; Mie AugierDominant designs2014 | Palgrave Encyclopedia of Strategic Management. Powered by TRACS | Edit Your Profile 
 
 
 
 




















 



Simon  Soh - New Albany, IN | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Simon  Soh in New Albany, IN


Simon  Soh

                                                                        Intelius found that Simon  Soh  from New Albany, IN.  We have connected them to
                1 address,
                1 phone,
                and 0 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Simon Has Lived In

New Albany, IN







Simon  Soh



Professional Status
Vice President-finance at FKI Security Group, LLC



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Simon? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Simon, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Simon  Soh
Get a Criminal Check on Simon  Soh
Get a Public Record Report on Simon  Soh
Get a People Search Report on Simon  Soh


Simon  Soh's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Simon  Soh has lived as well as Simon  Soh's phone numbers and email addresses.




Simon  Soh Has Lived in 1 States
Indiana Address for Simon  Soh


101 S******* P*** 

New Albany, IN


Has Lived In

New Albany, IN


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Simon  Soh

(812) ***-**** - New Albany, IN 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Simon  Soh

s****s@***.com
s*******h@***.com


Get Email Report




Simon  Soh's Professional Information
Information regarding Simon  Soh's professional history.  Find out previous places Simon  Soh has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Simon  Soh Has Worked at 1 Place
Company: FKI Security Group, LLC
               Title: Vice President-finance
Simon  Soh's Experience
Title: Vice President-finance
               Company: FKI Security Group, LLC
Job Details
               Company Size: $100 mil to less than $250 mil - Employee Range: 500 to less than 1,000
Additional Professional Information on Simon  Soh

 See Simon  Soh's LinkedIn Profile



Simon  Soh's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Simon  Soh


Simon  Soh's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Simon  Soh's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Simon Soh
Username Matches

                  SimonSoh
                  SohSimon
                  Simon.Soh
                  Soh.Simon
                  Simon_Soh
                  Soh_Simon
                  Simon-Soh
                  Soh-Simon
                  SSoh
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
S Soh







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.

















5 Things About Creme Simon You May Not Know - Daily Vanity





















































































































 

 





 







 
















 






News & Stories1 September, 2014 

5 Things About Creme Simon You May Not Know




By

Kristen Juliet Soh










 
Creme Simon may sound like the new kid on the block in Singapore, but this French brand has its heritage traced all the way to 1860. As this iconic brand finally arrives on our sunny island, let’s unearth some precious nuggets about it you may not have heard about.
#1: It’s an ancient beauty secret of French women

The unrivalled no. 1 French skincare brand in 1900, Creme Simon was a household name that was awarded Medaille d’Or at the Exposition Universelle de Paris for its success and contribution to the beauty industry. Unfortunately, the botanical-based brand’s success was briefly disrupted when supply of natural flowers was suspended during the Second World War. Fortunately, though, the heritage and philosophy of this ancient secret has been unveiled once again and even brought to Singapore so we can enjoy it once again.
#2: It’s a celebrity favourite

Beauty icons like Brigitte Bardot and Dominique Wilms are firm fans of Creme Simon.
#3: Climate-customised formulas

Other than its natural ingredients, another unique point about Creme Simon products are probably that they’re climate-customised. Ahead of its time, the founder, Joseph Simon realise that his products have to help women combat different climates for them to serve their skincare purposes. As such, while the products are French, the formula are designed specifically for Asian climates in this part of the world. What you can look forward to is formulas that are hydrating, without being sticky or heavy on the skin because of our hot and humid weather.
#4: Its most iconic product – the Creme Universelle

The most legendary product that propelled Creme Simon to fame in France is the Creme Universelle (SGD68). This remedy is an all-rounder that helps with the following conditions: moisturise dry cuticles, relieve chapped lips, regenerate dry elbows and cracked heels, soothe sunburnt skin, and relieve common irritations. Basically, it is that one does-it-all that you need in your skincare kit.
#5: Its latest launch is the Brightening Detox range

Improving its formula, Creme Simon offers a new range for modern women’s needs. The new Brightening Detox range focuses on providing hydration and radiance to the skin. The products include: a cleanser, toner mist, exfoliation scrub, makeup remover, day and night moisturisers, serum, contouring and lifting gel, sleeping mask, eye treatment gel, and a sunscreen. The prices range from SGD25 for an eye treatment gel to SGD109 for a serum.
Of them, we would recommend checking out the Gentle Double Exfoliation Scrub (SGD68), which has a superior texture that leaves skin feeling smooth and soothed. The Restorative Light Night Moisturiser (SGD98) is worth checking out. It is super hydrating and refreshing, and has a subtle floral scent that provides a sensorial experience to the skincare regime. You’ll feel your skin soft to touch immediately after using it, and wake up with visibly radiant skin.
Creme Simon products are available on their e-shop and these locations:
Soon Lee
73 Haji Lane
Phone: +6562970198
ISETAN Scotts (Pop-Up store)
Only from 1 Sept – 14 Sept 2014
Phone: +6567331111
METRO Paragon (Pop-Up store)
Only from 22 Sept – 5 Oct 2014
Phone: +6568353322






 Share on Facebook






 Share on Twitter






 Share on WhatsApp





Like us on FB!







 








About the Author




Kristen Juliet Soh




In her 30s, Kristen Juliet Soh is the editorial director of Daily Vanity, and has spent more than a decade in the field of journalism and content strategy. When she's not at her desk producing articles for your pleasure, she's sitting on judging panels for prestigious beauty awards, or admiring her extensive fragrance collection. (She has enough to wear a different one every day for more than a month!) 

Read More






 
Topicscreme simoncreme simon brightening detox rangecreme simon gentle double exfoliation scrubcreme simon gentle double exfoliation scrub reviewcreme simon in singaporecreme simon reviewcreme universellegentle double exfoliation scrubjoseph simon 




Perks you might love





 




sum:37 

Redeem Your Free su:m37° sample!



View Perk

 Ends 15 Aug 2017 






 




Lazada 

Korean Karnival on Lazada – Up to 70% off Laneige, Sulwhasoo and many more!



View Perk

 Ends 30 Jul 2017 






 




Le Facialle International 

Enjoy This Rejuvenating Full Body Massage At Only $58 Nett (U.P.$88)!



View Perk

 Ends 12 Aug 2017 






 




Acuvue 

Win 3 months’ worth of 1-DAY ACUVUE® DEFINE® lenses!



View Perk

 Ends 11 Aug 2017 






 




Zalora 

Calvin Klein Up to 40% Sale on Zalora – Have you shopped yet?



View Perk

 Ends 31 Jul 2017 




See other amazing perks not to be missed!
VIEW MORE PERKS





















Latest Perks


Trending








Acuvue 

Win 3 months’ worth of 1-DAY ACUVUE® DEFINE® lenses! 
View Perk






Zalora 

Calvin Klein Up to 40% Sale on Zalora – Have you shopped yet? 
View Perk






Zalora 

2 Days Only!!! – Enjoy 18% off storewide at Zalora 
View Perk






ETUDE HOUSE 

Complimentary ETUDE HOUSE skincare trial kit up for grabs! 
View Perk






Lazada 

Korean Karnival on Lazada – Up to 70% off Laneige, Sulwhasoo and many more! 
View Perk

View More Perks







You’re not ready to cut bangs until you’ve checked off every point on this article


Mandy Wong 






This is the prettiest blush we’ve ever seen. Best part? The rose petals are real!


Kristen Juliet Soh 






10 delicious breakfast ideas that will help you with your weight loss plans


Kenneth Lee 






We review top products raved about by YouTubers so you know if they’re REALLY worth the hype!


COMA Makeup 






16 beauty tips from Korean celebrities that are surprisingly easy to follow


Clover Wu 



 Load More...Follow on Instagram

Daily Vanity














Today's Beauty Tip

Scent from perfume rise with your body heat, so apply them directly on your skin, preferably even before you wear your clothes. This will help perfume last longer. Come back tomorrow for more perfume tips! 

















More Stories




 




Are you more suited for solo or group exercise? 5 things to consider and 5 questions to ask yourself 



The choice to exercise alone, or with others, can be a difficult one to make. Some people enjoy the solitary run or gym session,…



 























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 


Simon Soh – Vistage Chair Profile | Vistage Malaysia



    












































































 Phone : +603-2284 2176 / 79
 Mail : [email protected]



Home
About Vistage
Newsletter
Gallery
Contact Us
⇒ NavigateHome
About Vistage
Newsletter
Gallery
Contact Us



















    

















Simon Soh – Vistage Chair Profile  







Simon Soh holds an MBA (from Cranfield University, UK), a Graduate Diploma in Marketing (from Royal Chartered Institute of Marketing, UK), a Diploma in Management with Distinction (and Silver Medallist) (from Malaysian Institute of Management), and a Diploma in Production Engineering with Distinction (from Singapore Polytechnic). He is currently pursuing a Doctor of Business Administration (DBA) and Doctoral Degree in Metaphysics.
Simon is also a Certified Professional Trainer (by MIM and PSMB), Certified Knowledge Manager (KMI, USA), and Certified NLP Practitioner (NF-NLP USA).
He started his career as a sales engineer with Cycle and Carriage Bintang Bhd, responsible for sales/marketing of Mercedes Benz and Thysen Hanchel specialised vehicles (military trucks, Armoured Personnel Carriers, TAM Tanks, Ambulances, Fire Fighting Vehicles, etc). At the age of 24, he was promoted to Deputy Dealers Manager and was the youngest member of the management team in the Company’s history. He rapidly moved up to various senior management positions in the organisation and later in other organizations and industries. He was Group Product Manager with Cycle and Carriage Bintang Bhd, Division Director with Malaysian Resort Timesharing Sdn Bhd, Country Manager/Regional Director with Citicorp Services Inc/Cash Management Division (Citibank/CitiGroup), and Consultant with PA Consulting, Success Motivation International USA, Korn/Ferry Futurestep USA, and Service Quality Institute USA.
As Country Manager of Citicorp Services Inc, he led his team to win the Best Team Award in Asia Pacific in 1993. He also received various personal recognition for leading and growing the business in Malaysia, Singapore, Brunei, and Indochina. In 1997, he was given the additional responsibility of driving Quality (Six Sigma) and Customer Service at Asia Pacific level for the Travel Payment Products Division of Citigroup. His depth and breadth of working experiences cover sales, marketing, product management, advertising, dealers management, Government relations, business development, business management, risks management, strategic planning/management, change management, training/HR development, quality management, total customer service quality and head hunting/Recruitment.
He is currently a Vistage Chair and a Consultant with First Channel Asia Pacific. Besides Coaching, he also actively facilitates training programs on personal success and leadership, time management, team building, problem solving/decision making, Professional Selling Skills, Sales Management, motivation and goal-setting, change management, strategic management, Customer Service Quality, Open Book Management and Profit & Cash Game. He also teaches academic programs at Diploma, Degree, and Master level.
He is an active networker/social worker, and is a member of various professional bodies (MIM, CIM, NF-NLP-USA, Toastmasters International, Lions Clubs International, Malaysian Institute of Geomancy Sciences, I-Ching/Reiki/Pranic Circles). He has sponsored two Toastmasters Clubs, and is currently an Able Toastmaster Gold (ATMG). He has won contests at Club level and Area level of the Toastmaster Movement. He is also a District Trainer of Lions Clubs District 308B1, and has received various recognitions for his contributions to enhancing lives.
His passion is to help release the full potential of people and organizations.


VISTAGE CHAIR PROFILE 



English Chair Profile

Abdul Halim Datuk
Adil Ahmad
Arthur Lai
Bernard Leong
Chan Chun Keong
Effie Goh
Indra Gunawan Alamshah (Dato)
Derek Oh
Heah Kok Soon
Hong Khay Chai
Kwong Lok Wah
Laurence Lim (Dr)
Lee Lai Keong






Leong Tek Beng
Leong Yoke Weng
Lew Jin Aun
Lim Eng Weng
Lim Kah Hooi
Michael Oh
Oei Kok Eong
Ooi Toon Kit
Peter Thong (Dr)
Ravi Moorthy
Richard CM Wong
Robbin Khoo
Simon Soh






Subri Abdullah
Tee Lee Meng
Woo Khye Thye
Yeoh Seng Hooi



Chinese Chair Profile

Cheng Ping Keat
David Chai
George Lau
HN Law (Dr)
Jeffrey Khor
Kerk Loong Sing
Khor Chai Tian (Dr)
Koh Eng Siong
Loh Wei Hoog
Michael Tan






Singapore Chair Profile

Allen Pathmarajah






EXPLORE JOINING US Vistage is an invitation-only membership organization.
 BECOME A MEMBER
  BECOME A COACH / CHAIR 



















































Pek-Hooi Soh | Simon Fraser University - Academia.edu






























































Log InSign Up


Pek-Hooi Soh  -  |    Simon Fraser University, Beedie School of Business, Faculty MemberSimon Fraser University, Beedie School of Business, Faculty Member  |    Technological Innovation  +18Address: 500 Granville StreetVancouver, BC V6R 4L1Canadaless84 Followers  |  1 Following  |  —  Total Views  |   —  follow following     CVPapersThe role of entrepreneurial decision-making in opportunity creation and recognitionThis qualitative study investigates effectuation and causation as two opposing decision-making modes leading to opportunity creation and recognition. Prior literature posits that effectuation is linked to opportunity ... more abstractThis qualitative study investigates effectuation and causation as two opposing decision-making modes leading to opportunity creation and recognition. Prior literature posits that effectuation is linked to opportunity creation when the venture's future is highly uncertain and causation to opportunity recognition when the entrepreneur perceives risk rather than uncertainty. However, such a linear approach towards opportunity generation offers limited explanation as to how entrepreneurs decide to either create or search for entrepreneurial opportunities. This limitation becomes particularly apparent in the highly uncertain context of the biotechnology industry, where entrepreneurial decision-making
processes iterate over long periods of time. To address this gap, we employ the embedded case study method to investigate 30 decisions made by three scientist-entrepreneurs commercializing platform biotechnology inventions.

We inductively derive a model of entrepreneurial decision-making, which connects the environment to decision-making mode and opportunity generation. Our evidence reveals the iterative nature of opportunity generation and of decision-making modes as entrepreneurs respond to their evolving environment and to the level of regulatory and funding constraint, such that entrepreneurs can shift from effectuation to causation, remain in one particular mode, or adopt a combination mode. We also illustrate that effectuation does not always lead to opportunity creation. Entrepreneurship, Innovation statistics, Entrepreneurial Opportunities, Technology Entrepreneurship, and Opportunity RecognitionPublication Date: 2015Publication Name: Technovation  Bookmark  More  EditView Impact  Readers    Mentions  When do firms benefit from university-industry R&D collaborations? The implications of firm R&D focus on scientific research and technological recombination"Firms' access to academic discoveries through R&D collaborations has been shown to enhance their patent performance. However, increasing both internal and external R&D activities can lead to high knowledge redundancy... more abstract"Firms' access to academic discoveries through R&D collaborations has been shown to enhance their patent performance. However, increasing both internal and external R&D activities can lead to high knowledge redundancy and coordination costs. This paper examines what kind of R&D
focus inside the firm will improve or reduce the benefits of R&D collaborations with universities. Our results show that technological recombination focus strengthens the relationship between university collaborations and patent performance, whereas scientific research focus weakens the relationship. These results also differ between young and old firms, implying that firms may shift their R&D focus according to their collaborative objectives." Innovation statistics, R&D Management, Management of Innovation, and Technological InnovationPublication Date: 2014Publication Name: Journal of Business Venturing  Bookmark  More  EditView Impact  Readers    Mentions  Different scientists and the roles they play in biotech R&D alliancesA firm’s ability to produce high-impact innovations depends upon the nature of its R&D alliances as well as its composition of scientific human capital. The firm’s scientific human capital is made up of its scientists... more abstractA firm’s ability to produce high-impact innovations depends upon the nature of its R&D alliances as well as its composition of scientific human capital. The firm’s scientific human capital is made up of its scientists, who produce valuable research outputs and who engage with the broader scientific community, thus helping the firm to integrate new knowledge from universities and other firms. In this paper, we examine heterogeneity within the firm’s scientific human capital, emphasizing the distinct role of ‘bridging scientists’ who engage in two related but dissimilar scientific activities: patenting and publishing. Using a panel dataset of 222 firms in biotechnology between 1990 and 2000, we show that bridging scientists have a positive and significant impact on patent performance relative to other scientists within the firm. Looking closer at bridging scientists, we draw a distinction between Pasteur bridging scientists and Edison bridging scientists, with the latter having less of an orientation towards fundamental research. We show that both types of bridging scientists complement the focal firm’s R&D alliances with other firms. However, Pasteur bridging scientists are substitutive with university R&D alliances while Edison bridging scientists are complementary. Our findings suggest that the composition of a firm’s scientific human capital and its R&D alliances interact in subtle ways to impact patent performance. Innovation statistics, Biotechnology, Strategic Alliances, R&D alliances, and Firm ScientistsPublication Date: Apr 2013Publication Name: Research Policy  Bookmark  Download  More  EditView Impact  Readers    Mentions  An empirical examination of the science–technology relationship in the biotechnology industryUnderstanding how a firm’s scientific capability influences its
technology development has important implications on the firm’s
research and development (R&D) strategies. However, the current
literature reveals a p... more abstractUnderstanding how a firm’s scientific capability influences its
technology development has important implications on the firm’s
research and development (R&D) strategies. However, the current
literature reveals a puzzling outcome in its empirical investigations
on the science–technology relationship. While many studies show
the positive influence of a firm’s scientific capability on its
technological performance, a few others indicate that if a firm
focuses its attention more on cutting edge science, its overall
technological performance will suffer. We suggest that these
findings can be reconciled by conceptualizing and measuring the
scientific capability of the firm differently. This paper attempts to
demonstrate how different notions of scientific capability are
associated with different performance outcomes. Furthermore, a
firm’s scientific capability facilitates the integration of new
knowledge to produce valuable technologies when a firm broadens its search for new knowledge. The paper highlights the nuances of conceptualizing and measuring the firm’s scientific capability in two different ways: number of scientific publications and nonpatent references. The findings also shed light on the mechanism through which science accelerates technological progress inside a firm. Biotechnology, Patents, Technological Innovation, Technology Strategy, and Scientific PublicationsPublication Date: Sep 2010Publication Name: Journal of Engineering & Technology Management  Bookmark  Download  More  EditView Impact  Readers    Mentions  Network patterns and competitive advantage before the emergence of a dominant designThis study examines the performance implications of the alliance networks of 49 firms that competed for two technology standards in the U.S. local area network industry from 1989 to 1996. During the race to define a d... more abstractThis study examines the performance implications of the alliance networks of 49 firms that competed for two technology standards in the U.S. local area network industry from 1989 to 1996. During the race to define a dominant design, individual firms attract the suppliers of complements by building alliance networks to favor the firms’ preferred technology standard. Controlling for the number of suppliers in each technology standard community and the extent of technical progress achieved by individual firms, the panel data analysis shows that central firms with high ego network density, coupled with a strategic intent to acquire and share knowledge broadly within the technological community, achieve better innovation performance. The size of the technological community and some random events in the early formation of the industry do not provide a sufficient explanation of how these firms gain the diverse support of suppliers or enhance their competitive advantage. By demonstrating the independent and contingent effects of alliance network properties, this study explains how network patterns might enhance or limit the benefits of alliance networks when focal firms embrace different innovation strategies. Social Networks, Strategic Management, Strategic Alliances, Technological Innovation, Competition, and 4 morePublisher: Wiley Online LibraryPublication Date: Apr 2010Publication Name: Strategic Management Journal  Bookmark  Download  More  EditView Impact  Readers    Mentions  Networks of innovators: a longitudinal perspectiveThis paper investigates how evolutions of complex technologies and networks of innovators affect the development of emerging innovations. Building upon the theories of technological evolution and socio-organizational ... more abstractThis paper investigates how evolutions of complex technologies and networks of innovators affect the development of emerging innovations. Building upon the theories of technological evolution and socio-organizational dynamics, we develop propositions to examine the stability and change of networks punctuated by successive technological changes. We argue that incumbents who are early advocates of standards in complex technological environments are more likely to survive via alliances. Based on 150 firms and 319 alliances in the US data communications industry from 1985 to 1996, we found support for our propositions and the characteristics of central-periphery structure best describe the patterns of industry networks. Social Networks, Innovation statistics, Strategic Alliances, and Longitudinal ResearchPublisher: ElsevierPublication Date: Oct 1, 2003Publication Name: Research Policy  Bookmark  Download  More  EditView Impact  Readers    Mentions  Dynamic inducements in R&D investment: Market signals and network locationsThis research shows that alliance networks shape how firms respond to uncertainty reducing information generated outside a network. Product awards signal the potential commercial success of the award-winning firms, wh... more abstractThis research shows that alliance networks shape how firms respond to uncertainty reducing information generated outside a network. Product awards signal the potential commercial success of the award-winning firms, which reduces the uncertainty of
new R&D investment. Networks magnify or diminish a firm’s R&D response to the market signals, depending on the firm’s network location, partners’ success, technical proximity to partners, and relative capabilities. The study examined 198 U.S. computer
and telecommunications firms from 1991 to 2000. Social Networks, Innovation statistics, Strategic Alliances, Technology Strategy, and R&D InvestmentsPublisher: JSTORPublication Date: Dec 2004Publication Name: The Academy of Management Journal  Bookmark  Download  More  EditView Impact  Readers    Mentions  The role of networking alliances in information acquisition and its implications for new product performanceThe premise of Austrian economics on entrepreneurial discovery suggests that mutual knowledge about market participants defines who will acquire potential information about opportunities to bring future products into ... more abstractThe premise of Austrian economics on entrepreneurial discovery suggests that mutual knowledge about market participants defines who will acquire potential information about opportunities to bring future products into existence. Building upon this argument, this research investigates the role of networking alliances in information acquisition and its lagged effect on the new product performance of the firm. By using a longitudinal analysis, the study shows that a firm improves its new product
performance as it increases the number of repeated partners and its centrality position relative to others in the technology collaboration network. Innovation statistics, Strategic Alliances, and New Product DevelopmentPublisher: ElsevierPublication Date: Nov 2003Publication Name: Journal of Business Venturing  Bookmark  Download  More  EditView Impact  Readers    Mentions  Technology Alliances and Networks: An External Link to Research CapabilityFew studies of technology alliances have explicitly
examined the link between internal research capability and
external sources of innovation via interfirm networks. While
different partners bring with them differe... more abstractFew studies of technology alliances have explicitly
examined the link between internal research capability and
external sources of innovation via interfirm networks. While
different partners bring with them different sets of resource
opportunities, the networks can serve as “pipes” of information
via indirect partners. This research examined whether the level
of research capability moderates the performance impact of a
firm’s network accessibility in terms of the number of technology
partners and the firm’s centrality in the network. Interviews
were also conducted with management executives and engineers
to investigate the underlying motives and strategy of technology
alliances. While the statistical findings show that increasing research capability enhances the benefits of information access via centrality, our interview data provide support that the role of good engineers as technology gatekeepers is critical to the success of leveraging partners’ resources. Building upon the rich qualitative data, we conclude the study with an organizational framework of technology strategy. This paper contributes to engineering management research by linking both strategic and organizational factors of research capability in acquiring external sources of innovation. Social Networks, Strategic Alliances, Survey Methodology, New Product Development, Technological Innovation, and 1 morePublisher: ieeexplore.ieee.orgPublication Date: Nov 2005Publication Name: Engineering Management, IEEE  …  Bookmark  Download  More  EditView Impact  Readers    Mentions  Entrepreneurial resource acquisition through indirect ties: Compensatory effects of prior knowledgeThis study investigates when indirect ties, in which a referrer appears between an entrepreneur and a resource owner, can enhance the likelihood of resource acquisitions for starting a new
venture. The authors argue ... more abstractThis study investigates when indirect ties, in which a referrer appears between an entrepreneur and a resource owner, can enhance the likelihood of resource acquisitions for starting a new
venture. The authors argue that when either resource owners or referrers possess a greater level of prior knowledge about a venture’s technology or product, information asymmetry problems
arising from weak component ties decline, enabling resource owners to evaluate the venture better. On the basis of survey data from 378 high-tech entrepreneurs, the analysis shows that
resource owners’ prior knowledge, but not referrers’, compensates for limited information in weak component ties better than in strong component ties. Entrepreneurship, Social Networks, Survey Methodology, New Technology Ventures, Resource Owners, and 2 morePublisher: jom.sagepub.comPublication Date: Mar 2010Publication Name: Journal of Management  Bookmark  Download  More  EditView Impact  Readers    Mentions  The role of entrepreneurial decision-making in opportunity creation and recognitionThis qualitative study investigates effectuation and causation as two opposing decision-making modes leading to opportunity creation and recognition. Prior literature posits that effectuation is linked to opportunity ... more abstractThis qualitative study investigates effectuation and causation as two opposing decision-making modes leading to opportunity creation and recognition. Prior literature posits that effectuation is linked to opportunity creation when the venture's future is highly uncertain and causation to opportunity recognition when the entrepreneur perceives risk rather than uncertainty. However, such a linear approach towards opportunity generation offers limited explanation as to how entrepreneurs decide to either create or search for entrepreneurial opportunities. This limitation becomes particularly apparent in the highly uncertain context of the biotechnology industry, where entrepreneurial decision-making
processes iterate over long periods of time. To address this gap, we employ the embedded case study method to investigate 30 decisions made by three scientist-entrepreneurs commercializing platform biotechnology inventions.

We inductively derive a model of entrepreneurial decision-making, which connects the environment to decision-making mode and opportunity generation. Our evidence reveals the iterative nature of opportunity generation and of decision-making modes as entrepreneurs respond to their evolving environment and to the level of regulatory and funding constraint, such that entrepreneurs can shift from effectuation to causation, remain in one particular mode, or adopt a combination mode. We also illustrate that effectuation does not always lead to opportunity creation. Entrepreneurship, Innovation statistics, Entrepreneurial Opportunities, Technology Entrepreneurship, and Opportunity RecognitionPublication Date: 2015Publication Name: Technovation  Bookmark  More  EditView Impact  Readers    Mentions  When do firms benefit from university-industry R&D collaborations? The implications of firm R&D focus on scientific research and technological recombination"Firms' access to academic discoveries through R&D collaborations has been shown to enhance their patent performance. However, increasing both internal and external R&D activities can lead to high knowledge redundancy... more abstract"Firms' access to academic discoveries through R&D collaborations has been shown to enhance their patent performance. However, increasing both internal and external R&D activities can lead to high knowledge redundancy and coordination costs. This paper examines what kind of R&D
focus inside the firm will improve or reduce the benefits of R&D collaborations with universities. Our results show that technological recombination focus strengthens the relationship between university collaborations and patent performance, whereas scientific research focus weakens the relationship. These results also differ between young and old firms, implying that firms may shift their R&D focus according to their collaborative objectives." Innovation statistics, R&D Management, Management of Innovation, and Technological InnovationPublication Date: 2014Publication Name: Journal of Business Venturing  Bookmark  More  EditView Impact  Readers    Mentions  Different scientists and the roles they play in biotech R&D alliancesA firm’s ability to produce high-impact innovations depends upon the nature of its R&D alliances as well as its composition of scientific human capital. The firm’s scientific human capital is made up of its scientists... more abstractA firm’s ability to produce high-impact innovations depends upon the nature of its R&D alliances as well as its composition of scientific human capital. The firm’s scientific human capital is made up of its scientists, who produce valuable research outputs and who engage with the broader scientific community, thus helping the firm to integrate new knowledge from universities and other firms. In this paper, we examine heterogeneity within the firm’s scientific human capital, emphasizing the distinct role of ‘bridging scientists’ who engage in two related but dissimilar scientific activities: patenting and publishing. Using a panel dataset of 222 firms in biotechnology between 1990 and 2000, we show that bridging scientists have a positive and significant impact on patent performance relative to other scientists within the firm. Looking closer at bridging scientists, we draw a distinction between Pasteur bridging scientists and Edison bridging scientists, with the latter having less of an orientation towards fundamental research. We show that both types of bridging scientists complement the focal firm’s R&D alliances with other firms. However, Pasteur bridging scientists are substitutive with university R&D alliances while Edison bridging scientists are complementary. Our findings suggest that the composition of a firm’s scientific human capital and its R&D alliances interact in subtle ways to impact patent performance. Innovation statistics, Biotechnology, Strategic Alliances, R&D alliances, and Firm ScientistsPublication Date: Apr 2013Publication Name: Research Policy  Bookmark  Download  More  EditView Impact  Readers    Mentions  An empirical examination of the science–technology relationship in the biotechnology industryUnderstanding how a firm’s scientific capability influences its
technology development has important implications on the firm’s
research and development (R&D) strategies. However, the current
literature reveals a p... more abstractUnderstanding how a firm’s scientific capability influences its
technology development has important implications on the firm’s
research and development (R&D) strategies. However, the current
literature reveals a puzzling outcome in its empirical investigations
on the science–technology relationship. While many studies show
the positive influence of a firm’s scientific capability on its
technological performance, a few others indicate that if a firm
focuses its attention more on cutting edge science, its overall
technological performance will suffer. We suggest that these
findings can be reconciled by conceptualizing and measuring the
scientific capability of the firm differently. This paper attempts to
demonstrate how different notions of scientific capability are
associated with different performance outcomes. Furthermore, a
firm’s scientific capability facilitates the integration of new
knowledge to produce valuable technologies when a firm broadens its search for new knowledge. The paper highlights the nuances of conceptualizing and measuring the firm’s scientific capability in two different ways: number of scientific publications and nonpatent references. The findings also shed light on the mechanism through which science accelerates technological progress inside a firm. Biotechnology, Patents, Technological Innovation, Technology Strategy, and Scientific PublicationsPublication Date: Sep 2010Publication Name: Journal of Engineering & Technology Management  Bookmark  Download  More  EditView Impact  Readers    Mentions  Network patterns and competitive advantage before the emergence of a dominant designThis study examines the performance implications of the alliance networks of 49 firms that competed for two technology standards in the U.S. local area network industry from 1989 to 1996. During the race to define a d... more abstractThis study examines the performance implications of the alliance networks of 49 firms that competed for two technology standards in the U.S. local area network industry from 1989 to 1996. During the race to define a dominant design, individual firms attract the suppliers of complements by building alliance networks to favor the firms’ preferred technology standard. Controlling for the number of suppliers in each technology standard community and the extent of technical progress achieved by individual firms, the panel data analysis shows that central firms with high ego network density, coupled with a strategic intent to acquire and share knowledge broadly within the technological community, achieve better innovation performance. The size of the technological community and some random events in the early formation of the industry do not provide a sufficient explanation of how these firms gain the diverse support of suppliers or enhance their competitive advantage. By demonstrating the independent and contingent effects of alliance network properties, this study explains how network patterns might enhance or limit the benefits of alliance networks when focal firms embrace different innovation strategies. Social Networks, Strategic Management, Strategic Alliances, Technological Innovation, Competition, and 4 morePublisher: Wiley Online LibraryPublication Date: Apr 2010Publication Name: Strategic Management Journal  Bookmark  Download  More  EditView Impact  Readers    Mentions  Networks of innovators: a longitudinal perspectiveThis paper investigates how evolutions of complex technologies and networks of innovators affect the development of emerging innovations. Building upon the theories of technological evolution and socio-organizational ... more abstractThis paper investigates how evolutions of complex technologies and networks of innovators affect the development of emerging innovations. Building upon the theories of technological evolution and socio-organizational dynamics, we develop propositions to examine the stability and change of networks punctuated by successive technological changes. We argue that incumbents who are early advocates of standards in complex technological environments are more likely to survive via alliances. Based on 150 firms and 319 alliances in the US data communications industry from 1985 to 1996, we found support for our propositions and the characteristics of central-periphery structure best describe the patterns of industry networks. Social Networks, Innovation statistics, Strategic Alliances, and Longitudinal ResearchPublisher: ElsevierPublication Date: Oct 1, 2003Publication Name: Research Policy  Bookmark  Download  More  EditView Impact  Readers    Mentions  Dynamic inducements in R&D investment: Market signals and network locationsThis research shows that alliance networks shape how firms respond to uncertainty reducing information generated outside a network. Product awards signal the potential commercial success of the award-winning firms, wh... more abstractThis research shows that alliance networks shape how firms respond to uncertainty reducing information generated outside a network. Product awards signal the potential commercial success of the award-winning firms, which reduces the uncertainty of
new R&D investment. Networks magnify or diminish a firm’s R&D response to the market signals, depending on the firm’s network location, partners’ success, technical proximity to partners, and relative capabilities. The study examined 198 U.S. computer
and telecommunications firms from 1991 to 2000. Social Networks, Innovation statistics, Strategic Alliances, Technology Strategy, and R&D InvestmentsPublisher: JSTORPublication Date: Dec 2004Publication Name: The Academy of Management Journal  Bookmark  Download  More  EditView Impact  Readers    Mentions  The role of networking alliances in information acquisition and its implications for new product performanceThe premise of Austrian economics on entrepreneurial discovery suggests that mutual knowledge about market participants defines who will acquire potential information about opportunities to bring future products into ... more abstractThe premise of Austrian economics on entrepreneurial discovery suggests that mutual knowledge about market participants defines who will acquire potential information about opportunities to bring future products into existence. Building upon this argument, this research investigates the role of networking alliances in information acquisition and its lagged effect on the new product performance of the firm. By using a longitudinal analysis, the study shows that a firm improves its new product
performance as it increases the number of repeated partners and its centrality position relative to others in the technology collaboration network. Innovation statistics, Strategic Alliances, and New Product DevelopmentPublisher: ElsevierPublication Date: Nov 2003Publication Name: Journal of Business Venturing  Bookmark  Download  More  EditView Impact  Readers    Mentions  Technology Alliances and Networks: An External Link to Research CapabilityFew studies of technology alliances have explicitly
examined the link between internal research capability and
external sources of innovation via interfirm networks. While
different partners bring with them differe... more abstractFew studies of technology alliances have explicitly
examined the link between internal research capability and
external sources of innovation via interfirm networks. While
different partners bring with them different sets of resource
opportunities, the networks can serve as “pipes” of information
via indirect partners. This research examined whether the level
of research capability moderates the performance impact of a
firm’s network accessibility in terms of the number of technology
partners and the firm’s centrality in the network. Interviews
were also conducted with management executives and engineers
to investigate the underlying motives and strategy of technology
alliances. While the statistical findings show that increasing research capability enhances the benefits of information access via centrality, our interview data provide support that the role of good engineers as technology gatekeepers is critical to the success of leveraging partners’ resources. Building upon the rich qualitative data, we conclude the study with an organizational framework of technology strategy. This paper contributes to engineering management research by linking both strategic and organizational factors of research capability in acquiring external sources of innovation. Social Networks, Strategic Alliances, Survey Methodology, New Product Development, Technological Innovation, and 1 morePublisher: ieeexplore.ieee.orgPublication Date: Nov 2005Publication Name: Engineering Management, IEEE  …  Bookmark  Download  More  EditView Impact  Readers    Mentions  Entrepreneurial resource acquisition through indirect ties: Compensatory effects of prior knowledgeThis study investigates when indirect ties, in which a referrer appears between an entrepreneur and a resource owner, can enhance the likelihood of resource acquisitions for starting a new
venture. The authors argue ... more abstractThis study investigates when indirect ties, in which a referrer appears between an entrepreneur and a resource owner, can enhance the likelihood of resource acquisitions for starting a new
venture. The authors argue that when either resource owners or referrers possess a greater level of prior knowledge about a venture’s technology or product, information asymmetry problems
arising from weak component ties decline, enabling resource owners to evaluate the venture better. On the basis of survey data from 378 high-tech entrepreneurs, the analysis shows that
resource owners’ prior knowledge, but not referrers’, compensates for limited information in weak component ties better than in strong component ties. Entrepreneurship, Social Networks, Survey Methodology, New Technology Ventures, Resource Owners, and 2 morePublisher: jom.sagepub.comPublication Date: Mar 2010Publication Name: Journal of Management  Bookmark  Download  More  EditView Impact  Readers    Mentions  

×CloseLog InLog In with FacebookLog In with GoogleorEmail:Password:Remember me on this computeror reset passwordEnter the email address you signed up with and we'll email you a reset link.Need an account? Click here to sign up


AboutBlogPeoplePapersJob BoardAdvertise We're Hiring! Help Center
Find new research papers in:PhysicsChemistryBiologyHealth SciencesEcologyEarth SciencesCognitive ScienceMathematicsComputer Science


TermsPrivacyCopyrightAcademia ©2017










     An investigation of the stability of emerging new psychoactive substances - Soh - 2013 - Drug Testing and Analysis - Wiley Online Library                                                                                     By continuing to browse this site you agree to us using cookies as described in About Cookies    Remove maintenance message                     Skip to main content     Log in / Register          Advertisement  



         Go to old article view              Advertisement  



          Drug Testing and Analysis Explore this journal >       Explore this journal >         Research articleAn investigation of the stability of emerging new psychoactive substancesAuthorsYan Ni Annie Soh,Department of Forensic Science & Drug Monitoring, King's College London, London, UKSearch for more papers by this authorSimon ElliottCorresponding author(ROAR) Forensics Ltd, Malvern, Worcestershire, UKCorrespondence to: Simon Elliott, (ROAR) Forensics Ltd, Malvern Hills Science Park, Geraldine Road, Malvern, Worcestershire WR14 3SZ, UK. E-mail: simon.elliott@roarforensics.comSearch for more papers by this authorFirst published: 4 November 2013Full publication historyDOI: 10.1002/dta.1576          View/save citationCited by (CrossRef): 25 articles      Check for updates                          Citation tools                                                           Set citation alert                                                                                      Citing literature                                 AbstractThe evolving nature of new psychoactive substances (NPS) – often referred to as ‘legal highs’, ‘designer drugs’ or ‘bath salts’ – presents an evolving challenge for toxicologists. Apart from the detection and identification of these compounds, further analytical challenges may arise from the presence of possible metabolites or degradation products which may have to be considered when devising an analytical strategy. Whilst there has been some stability research for some more established drugs of abuse and medicinal products, data on emerging NPS are less abundant. In order to address this need, 13 NPS (4-MEC, MDAI, methoxetamine, 5-MeO-DALT, 6-APB, MPA, 5-IAI, MDAT, 2-AI, AMT, 25C-NBOMe, AH-7921, 5-MAPB) were spiked in blood and plasma and kept at room temperature (20–23 °C). Detection and identification of the suspected breakdown products were carried out by high performance liquid chromatography with diode-array detection (HPLC-DAD), liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry (LC-MS/MS), and ultra high performance liquid chromatography with high mass accuracy quadrupole time-of-flight mass spectrometry (UHPLC-Q-TOF-MS). 4-MEC became undetectable in blood within 14 days with a corresponding loss of 54% in plasma. A breakdown product was identified as dihydro-4-MEC which was also found in vivo in a case work sample. Storage of AMT led to a range of potential breakdown products which were also found in vivo. The remaining substances were found to be stable for at least 21 days in blood and plasma. This is the first time stability data have been published for these emerging substances and showed that additional compounds found during forensic casework were potential metabolites rather than instability products. In particular, presumptive metabolites of 25C-NBOMe and AH-7921 are presented. Copyright © 2013 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.                                 Continue reading full article                             Enhanced PDFStandard PDF                                         (1.3 MB)                                                   Close article support pane                          





Simon Soh has been appointed General Manager at Centara Hotel Manila









































menuclose









Industry Update




Appointment31 October 2011Simon Soh
Appointed General Manager
							At Centara Hotel Manila, Philippines

Simon Soh, a Singaporean national has a Master of Business Administration (MBA) degree from the University of Leicester, United Kingdom. He has a versatile background of working experience in the hotel industry, including working as General Manager of the Van Chai Resort, Vietnam and Angkorland Hotel, Siem Reap, Cambodia. Before that he held various human resources and training roles with Hard Rock Hotel Bali, Indonesia, Banyan Tree Resort, Seychelles and Le Meridian Hotel, Singapore. 
Prior to joining Centara Hotel Manila, he was Training Director of Elegant Group of Companies, Egypt. 



More from Centara
Recent Appointments at Centara
More appointments at Centara





 
Map View


Large Map View

Jobs in your Region




























More


Newsletter

Subscribe to our daily newsletter


Submit your NewsAdvertising









Analytical Chemistry - Wiley Online Library Skip to Main Content                  Log in / Register    Log in / Register             

   Home > Analytical Chemistry   RESOURCESAnalytical Chemistry HomeFOR LIBRARIANSBuy these titlesFOR ADVERTISERSAdvertise on this siteFOR CONTRIBUTORSSubmit your articleFOR PRESSVisit the Press Room FOR SOCIETIESPublish with us  SPECIAL FEATURES DatabasesFree Sample IssuesFREE Trials for Chemistry ReferencesLatest Analytical Books - in printPhysical Sciences Journal BackfilesseparationsNOW.comspectroscopyNOW.comToxicologyMass Spectrometry featured articlesCrystallography Journals Free Sample IssuesWaters Primers SeriesAnalytical Open Access ArticlesOnline Resources Flyer: Analytical ChemistryHottest articles in Analytical SciencePharmaceutical AnalysisCultural Heritage AnalysisAnalytical Science MagazinesFood Analysis2016 Special IssuesJournal Award Winners 2016Forensic Science Analysis      Analytical ChemistryJOURNALConcepts in Magnetic ResonanceBOOKDer HPLC-Experte IIJOURNALJournal of Raman Spectroscopy                 ONLINE BOOK               Wiley Encyclopedia of Forensic ScienceView all products in Analytical Chemistry Latest Impact Factors - just published  Discover Wiley highlights  Analytical ChemistrySpectroscopyCrystallographyLike us on Facebook  Stay Connected with                          Wiley.com social media                          For Life Sciences click hereAlso on FacebookChemistry by                          WileyMicroscopy                          and Analysis Hottest Journal Issues, sample issues and news  2017 Sample Copies now available - FREE                            Advances in Sports Drug Testing                          Special Issue                          #1 in Spectroscopy: 9.373                          Mass Spectrometry in Germany                          Celebrating 40 years of publishing                          Top 40 cited virtual issue                          Recent advances in linear and non-linear                          Raman spectroscopyFind out more about our unmissable Analytical Databases  Request                          your database demo today      SEARCH  Search Scope All contentPublication titles  Search String        Advanced >Saved Searches > TOPICS All Analytical ChemistryAnalytical ChemistryBioanalytical ChemistryChemical Analysis / Sample PreparationChromatography / Separation TechniquesCrystallographyElectrochemical AnalysisForensicsLab Automation & MiniaturizationMass SpectrometryMicroscopyNMR Spectroscopy / MRI / ImagingQuality AssuranceSpectroscopy   

    

            PublicationsBrowse by SubjectResources   About UsHelpContact UsAgentsAdvertisersMediaPrivacyCookiesTerms & ConditionsSite Map                           Copyright © 1999-2017 John Wiley & Sons, Inc. All Rights Reserved.                     About WileyWiley.comWiley Job Network            











Simon Soh | 
SAP People
































SearchSearch
Log OnEdit My ProfileAccount SettingsNotificationsFollowed ActivitiesLogout





Like the new Profile? Share your thoughts and report bugs via these channels.









Simon Soh@simon.sohMember since October 21, 2010
Follow






Company and Location--


Network1 Following


Reputation1 Legacy Badge



InfoContentNetworkReputationModerationFollowers0Following1Following Simon Soh0First NameFirst NameLast NameThere are no matching followers.There are 0 user profiles temporarily unavailable.Simon Soh Follows1First NameFirst NameLast NameYatsea Li@yatsea.li96 Followers2 FollowingThere are no matching following.There are 0 user profiles temporarily unavailable.Company and Location--Simon Soh’s ReputationSimon Soh’s Legacy ReputationIn the past, Simon Soh reached Glass level with 1 lifetime point and collected 1 badgeLearn more about legacy missions and badges.Tags moderated by Simon Soh0Blog Posts0Questions0Answers0Simon Soh’s Blog Posts0Simon Soh’s Questions0Simon Soh’s Answers0Simon Soh’s Archived Discussions0Simon Soh’s Archived Documents0Simon Soh’s Coffee Corner Discussions0



Last update 7 days ago, Fri, 21 Jul 2017 23:20:42 +0000


i_follow: 0 errors for a total of 1 service call(s).


follow_me: 0 errors for a total of 1 service call(s).


blog_posts: 0 errors for a total of 1 service call(s).


questions: 0 errors for a total of 1 service call(s).


answers: 0 errors for a total of 1 service call(s).


reputation: 1 errors for a total of 0 service call(s).


400 Bad Request


legacy_reputation: 0 errors for a total of 1 service call(s).


moderated_tags: 0 errors for a total of 0 service call(s).


User waits for 7 days for an update!


Latest cache update took: 527ms




































