

	SOLARIS ASSET MANAGEMENT Trademark of Solaris Group, LLC. Serial Number: 78588437 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Insurance & Financial Services
SOLARIS ASSET MANAGEMENT










 
Get FREE email alerts













SOLARIS ASSET MANAGEMENT  Trademark Information
 Solaris Group, LLC
Asset management services




Perfect for these industries

Insurance & Financial Services





Words that describe this mark
asset   management   services    
                                    




This is a brand page for the SOLARIS ASSET MANAGEMENT trademark by Solaris Group, LLC 
                                in New York, NY, 10022.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this SOLARIS ASSET MANAGEMENT trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Solaris Group, LLC of the SOLARIS ASSET MANAGEMENT trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the SOLARIS ASSET MANAGEMENT trademark.
                           






On Wednesday, March 16, 2005,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        SOLARIS ASSET MANAGEMENT by 
                        Solaris Group, LLC, New York, NY  10022.
                        The USPTO has given the SOLARIS ASSET MANAGEMENT 
                        trademark serial  number of  78588437.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is ABANDONED - FAILURE TO RESPOND OR LATE RESPONSE.
                        The correspondent listed for SOLARIS ASSET MANAGEMENT is 
                        
                        
                                            SONYA DEL PERAL of 
                                            LAW OFFICE OF SONYA DEL PERAL,  22 PARK ROW, CHATHAM, NY 12037-1210 
                                .
                            The SOLARIS ASSET MANAGEMENT trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Insurance & Financial Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for SOLARIS ASSET MANAGEMENT 
                            is Asset management services. 
                            





Word mark:
 SOLARIS ASSET MANAGEMENT


  Status/Status Date:  


ABANDONED - FAILURE TO RESPOND OR LATE RESPONSE

5/5/2006






  Serial Number:  
78588437


  Filing Date:  
3/16/2005


 Registration Number:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Registration Date:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Goods and Services: 
Asset management services


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
N/A


Last Applicant/Owner:

Solaris Group, LLCNew York, NY  10022
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 ("assert management")


 Correspondent:


SONYA DEL PERAL
LAW OFFICE OF SONYA DEL PERAL
22 PARK ROW
CHATHAM, NY 12037-1210






 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (036) - Insurance; financial affairs; monetary affairs; real estate affairs. 


First Use Anywhere: 
1/2/2004


First Use In Commerce: 
1/2/2004





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your SOLARIS ASSET MANAGEMENT trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

5/5/2006
ABANDONED - FAILURE TO RESPOND OR LATE RESPONSE


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



SONYA DEL PERAL


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of SOLARIS ASSET MANAGEMENT trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search solarisassetmanageme on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for SOLARIS ASSET MANAGEMENT 




SOLARIS ASSET MANAGEMENT is providing Asset management services.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 





























 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Stephen Wells, Solaris Asset Management LLC: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  





























Feedback





Stephen Wells

Mng Dir/Chief Compliance Ofcr,
Solaris Asset Management LLC






Career History




Mng Dir/Chief Compliance Ofcr
Solaris Asset Management LLC, 12/2003-PRESENT


President
Neuberger Berman Trust Co of Delaware NA, 11/2001-2003


COO
Neuberger Berman National Trust Co, 7/2001-11/2001


Managing Director
Offit Investment Group, 1994-8/2001


Various Positions
Morgan Stanley Asset Mgmt, FORMER


Estate Attorney
Cadwalader Wickersham & Taft LLP, FORMER



Gabellit & Co, FORMER



Goldman Sachs, FORMER


Show More







Corporate Information
Address:



Phone:
-


Fax:
-











From The Web












Personal Information



Education



Princeton University



New York University School of Law









Memberships



Board Memberships




St Mary's Healthcare System for Children


Chairman, PRESENT









Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data


































The Solaris Group









 Philosophy 
  Process
Portraiture
Plan 
  Development Implementation
Reporting
Commentaries Partner 
  Profile Contact 
  Us Home

Solaris Asset Management.
Investment Consulting and Wealth 
  Management.
Solaris Advisors, LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Solaris Group, LLC, 
    is an independent SEC-registered wealth management and investment consultancy 
    serving select global institutional and private clients.

Market Commentaries.
 April 2007
    First Quarter 2007 Capital Markets Overview

The global markets’ positive momentum established in the 4th quarter 
    2006 carried into the first seven weeks of the New Year. Once again international 
    markets led the way, although in the most recent quarter, the developed markets 
    of Europe and Japan outperformed those of the emerging markets, and both did 
    better than the U.S. stock market.

 
    Click here to read the entire commentary

Preserving Capital, Enhancing Returns.
The overriding tenet of our philosophy is to preserve capital and enhance its purchasing power.
  Our global private clients come to us with significant wealth, (sometimes with stocks that have low tax basis
  and/or are highly concentrated), usually earned by them or their forbearers by taking great risk. They turn
  to us for stability in their investments and to steward these assets across generations. We honor that trust
  by crafting investment programs that seek to protect capital while meeting long-term investment objectives.
  Our goal is to achieve an enhanced return net of fees, annualized over market cycles.

Our Process.
In crafting investment consulting and wealth management solutions for our 
    clients we utilize a four-phase process:
1. Portraiture
    2. Plan Development and Optimization
    3. Plan Implementation
    4. Customized Reporting

 Phase 1: Portraiture.
We begin by developing, analyzing and discussing a picture of the client's 
    intergenerational wealth plan, tax situation, global situs and current asset 
    allocation. We fully integrate a specific investment strategy into our clients' 
    wealth and tax planning. We eschew formulistic questionnaires in favor of 
    iterative dialog that is substantive and client-specific; thus our understanding 
    of client objectives and their own definition of risk is broad-based and nuanced. 
    Our document and portfolio review often uncovers unintended risks as well 
    as significant variances between what the client believes to exist versus 
    what really exists. By reviewing the portfolio against the wealth plan, we 
    can more readily assess the likelihood that the client's goals will be achieved. 
    The result is a clear snapshot of the wealth plan and current array of assets.

Phase 2: Plan Development and Optimization.
We work with the family and its advisors to develop an investment plan that 
    optimizes wealth in light of the client's specific objectives and constraints. 
    Just as goals can be multiple and complex, restrictions are typically varied 
    and include document and situs issues, tax considerations and client biases 
    and/or experiences. Asset allocaton is driven not only by our market view 
    but also by client particulars and the nature of the entities we are managing. 
    We consider these specifics in light of our assumptions regarding the expected 
    return, volatility, and correlations of various asset classes. We then simulate 
    ending wealth values, including the client's projected cash flows. The result 
    is a powerful means of minimizing the possibility of failure while enhancing 
    the likelihood of goal attainment. We deliver to each client a set of guidelines 
    that provide structure, discipline and accountability to the investment program 
    while allowing for some degree of flexibility.

 Phase 3: Implementation.
While we are style-neutral over a market cycle, we tactically over- or underweight 
    portfolios when we believe a sizeable investment opportunity exists that is 
    likely to continue for some time. Current and prospective managers undergo 
    a rigorous quantitative review including proprietary screening, analysis of 
    sample portfolios and return patterns in various environments. Importantly, 
    the metrics we use to assess managers are not uniform across styles and sectors. 
    The quantitative review is helpful in identifying prospective managers and 
    tracking the progress of those selected, but it is only the beginning. It is 
    a truism that performance numbers are old news and not likely to be repeated. 
    We strive to use our experience and in-the-know information to ferret out 
    those managers whose past success we believe is more likely to be repeated. 
    We are particularly interested in the competitive edge that each manager has 
    and how that edge may be further honed or blunted. We have a history of replacing 
    managers about whom we have concerns even when their performance continues 
    to be impressive.

Phase 4: Customized Reporting.
Our clients expect and deserve to understand the progress of their investment 
    program. We believe in accountability and know that effective self-analysis 
    is essential to ensure a positive dialog with our clients and to provide a 
    basis for considering change. Attribution reporting can uncover the successes 
    and/or the shortcomings of an investment program. In concert with our clients 
    we create a series of blended benchmarks to isolate and capture the impact 
    of our asset allocation, style and sector weightings, and manager selection. 
    Beyond performance reporting, we can provide a high degree of analytics on 
    the total portfolio as well as the individual managers to whom we have awarded 
    mandates. Additionally, we can include transaction, cash flow and tax-related 
    information in a format customized to client specification. The report serves 
    as a feedback loop that informs the entire wealth management process.



 RALPH D. SINSHEIMER 
Co-founder, The Solaris Group; oversees Solaris Advisors, 
    including strategic asset allocation, manager selection and philanthropic 
    services.
Formerly Senior Vice-President and Head of Wealth Management for Neuberger 
    Berman Trust Company; Managing Director at OFFITBANK; General Partner of Eureka 
    Capital Management, a long/short equity hedge fund; and Vice President and 
    Director of Funds at Loomis, Sayles & Company.
"Asset allocation performed without regard for the unique 
    circumstances of the client is suspect. Likewise, so-called optimization tools 
    that rely slavishly on the past cannot uncover catalysts of change. We strive 
    to be forward-looking and to keep in front of significant events for the benefit 
    of our clients."

Contact Us.
The Solaris Group LLC

The Solaris Advisors LLC
598 Madison Avenue, 15th Floor
New York, NY 10022
Tel: (212) 582-4500
Fax: (646) 219-6638

Solaris Asset Management LLC
2 Depot Plaza, 4th Floor
Bedford Hills, NY 10507
Tel: (914) 241-2222
Fax: (914) 241-8106
info@solarisgroupllc.com

Jim Jeffery joins Solaris Advisors to lead the firm’s non-profit Senior Living consulting efforts. Read more
About the Artist | Copyright 2007 Solaris Group, LLC | Print this section | Print Brochure






Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft































Stock Observer














 















 



  
 
 







Internet Brands To Acquire WebMD in $2.8B Cash Deal
Jul 27th, 2017
				On Monday morning, Internet Brands announced a definitive agreement to purchase internet health info giant WebMD in a transaction valued at nearly $3 billion. Internet Brands—a KKR...   






Can Sears Save Its Appliances Business By Partnering with Amazon?

							Jul 23rd, 2017						 

							Amazon and Sears have been in the news a lot lately, but for the opposite reasons:...   
 





Low Fees and Good Earnings Spell An Excellent Day—and Quarter—for BlackRock

							Jul 22nd, 2017						 

							BlackRock is the largest asset management firm in the world and, on Monday,...   
 





Coca Cola (UK) To Double Recycled Plastics En Route to 100 Percent Recycled Materials in Bottles

							Jul 20th, 2017						 

							Estimates suggest that plastic bottle production is slated to grow another 20...   
 





Facebook To Unveil A Standalone Oculus VR Headset Next Year

							Jul 19th, 2017						 

							Facebook will in 2018 be unveiling a new Oculus VR headset that will operate...   
 
 
 



Headlines
Toshiba Will Pay To Finish Nuclear Reactors In Southern United States

					Jun 13th, 2017				





					The Tokyo-based Toshiba Corporation said, on Saturday, that it plans to contribute $3.68 billion to press onward with building two new nuclear reactors in the US state of Georgia. The company...  
More »

DHS Could Extend The Electronics Ban On Flights To Europe
Ford Has Designed A Crib That Mimics A Car Ride To Help Babies Sleep




Health
Can Prolonged Antibiotic Use Lead to Colon Cancer?

					Apr 7th, 2017				





					So, we are now learning that long-term antibiotic use—and a somewhat ignorant medical over-reliance on them—has contributed to the rise of superbugs. These are bacteria which are mostly immune...  
More »

Can A Daily Low-Dose Aspirin Reduce Risk from Cancer Death?
At Least 1 in 5 Adults in the US Infected By High-Risk Strain of HPV
Smoking Rates Down but Population Growth Keeps Smoking Death Rate High







Economy
OPEC Meeting Will Address Concerns Over Global Oil Glut

					Jul 26th, 2017				





					OPEC has recently expressed concerns regarding its plans to drain the global glut—which is supposed to help raise crude prices—is failing.
At a long-planned meeting in St. Petersburg, Russia,...  
More »

Oil Prices Up, but still struggling with direction




Technology
DHS Could Extend The Electronics Ban On Flights To Europe

					May 13th, 2017				





					A ban on large electronic items such as laptops in commercial flights headed to the United States might in the near future affect passengers from European countries. Currently the ‘laptop ban’...  
More »

Reports Loss And Stock Falls Sharply As Shareholders Take A Hit
Survey Reveals That Microsoft’s Surface Tablet More Satisfying Than The iPad




 
 






















Follow @StormInvestor







Recent Posts

Welltower Inc. (HCN) Stake Reduced by BerganKDV Wealth Management LLC
Anpario PLC (ANP) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by N+1 Singer
Meeder Asset Management Inc. Takes Position in CalAtlantic Group, Inc. (NYSE:CAA)
Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc. Has $12.14 Million Position in AMTEK, Inc. (NYSE:AME)
Iron Mountain Incorporated (NYSE:IRM) Position Raised by Meeder Asset Management Inc.
Meeder Asset Management Inc. Acquires 87 Shares of Xylem Inc. (NYSE:XYL)
Meeder Asset Management Inc. Sells 5,982 Shares of Essent Group Ltd. (NYSE:ESNT)
Accuvest Global Advisors Boosts Stake in Gilead Sciences, Inc. (NASDAQ:GILD)
Fisher Asset Management LLC Purchases 3,106 Shares of Greenhill & Co., Inc. (NYSE:GHL)
Swiss National Bank Holds Position in YRC Worldwide, Inc. (YRCW)
IPG Photonics Corporation (NASDAQ:IPGP) Stake Lowered by Fisher Asset Management LLC
Huntington Ingalls Industries, Inc. (NYSE:HII) VP Jennifer R. Boykin Sells 2,362 Shares
Superior Drilling Products, Inc. (SDPI) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “” from Brokerages
Green Dot Corporation (NYSE:GDOT) Director Sells $400,100.00 in Stock
$0.08 Earnings Per Share Expected for Archrock Partners, L.P. (NASDAQ:APLP) This Quarter
Nabriva Therapeutics AG (NASDAQ:NBRV) Major Shareholder Sells $602,052.75 in Stock
Kranot Hishtalmut Le Morim Tichoniim Havera Menahelet LTD Maintains Position in Health Care SPDR (XLV)
Hartford Investment Management Co. Has $12.96 Million Stake in Salesforce.com Inc (CRM)
Puzo Michael J Boosts Stake in Analog Devices, Inc. (NASDAQ:ADI)
DTE Energy Company (NYSE:DTE) Position Maintained by MCF Advisors LLC



 
 




































Solaris Asset Management, LLC












































 















The Money Manager People TM














Money Manager Performance Research Center

















< Research another Money Manager

Performance, Research and Ranking for Solaris Asset Management, LLC, Updated 6/30/2017









































Money Manager Reports Include:

Performance Annually
Risk Reward Analysis
Money Manager Review
Money Manager Ranking









Here's how it works:

Fill in the form on this page.
We'll research our database.
Our Wealth Managers will prepare your requested reports and maybe a few additional ones.
Your Money Manager Reports will be delivered to you by email.











Request your FREE Reports










Or call one of our Wealth Managers for more detailed information 
(800) 541-7774Your information is secure. 















In the meantime, here's some basic information about Solaris Asset Management, LLC

Company Information:Name:Solaris Asset Management, LLCAddress:2 Depot Plaza4th FloorBedford Hills, NY 10507Phone:(914)220-8152Website:www.solarisgroupllc.comCompany Products:Core Equity


Solaris Asset Management, LLC Commentary







< Research another Money Manager











Any money management or investment advisory firms listed on this website are not related entities of WrapManager, Inc. and are listed for convenience and informational purposes only. The listing of a money manager on this website does not imply a solicitation or recommendation of the money manager. WrapManager, Inc. is responsible only for the content of this website and it has no control over other websites that may be accessible from this website, the contents therein or the products/services offered by third parties. Hyperlinks to or from this website do not constitute third party endorsement of, sponsorship by or affiliation with WrapManager, Inc.
 







 



Important Disclosure | Privacy Policy  WrapManager, Inc., 703 Market Street, 18th Floor, San Francisco, CA 94103 (800) 541-7774 toll-free  | (415) 541-9760 fax | Click to email us © 2017 WrapManager, Inc. All Rights Reserved. WrapManager is an SEC-registered investment adviser.  (1) qualified investors are those with $500K or more in investable assets










































SOLARIS ASSET MANAGEMENT LLC | SOLARIS ASSET MANAGEMENT LLC Portfolio - 2017 Stock Picks and Performances 





























Home




 Homepage


 Membership Levels


 Membership Data Coverage


 Complete Stock List


 Founder's Message


 The Book


 FREE Trial






Screeners


Value Screens 


 All-In-One Screener


 Industry Overview


 Ben Graham Net-Net


 Undervalued Predictable


 Buffett-Munger Screener


 Magic Formula (Greenblatt)


 Historical Low P/S List


 Historical Low P/B List


 Peter Lynch Screen


 High Short Interest


 52-Week/3Y/5Y Lows


 52-Week/3Y/5Y Highs


 Predictable Companies


 S&P 500 Grid


 Dividend Stocks


 Spin Off List




Downloads | Tools


  Excel Add-In GURUF


 Manual of Stocks™


 Download Financial Data


 Download Guru Portfolios


 Download Stock PDFs


 Download Insider Data


  API


 Mobile App




Strategies


 Performances


 Buffett-Munger


 Undervalued Predictable


 Low P/S


 Low P/B


 Broadest Owned


 Most Weighted






Gurus




 Latest Guru Picks


 Real Time Picks


 List of Gurus (Personalize)


 Gurus Portfolios


 Scoreboard


 Top 10 Holdings View


 Sector Picks


 International Picks


 Aggregated Portfolio


 Consensus Picks


 Guru Bargains


 Hot Picks


 Industry Trends


 Geographic Trend


 ETFs


 Options


 European Shorting






Insiders




 All Insiders


 CEO Buys/Sales


 CFO Buys/Sales


 Insider Cluster


 Guru+Insider Double Buys


 Triple Buys/Sales


 Insider Trends


 Canadian Insider


 Dutch Insider






Market


Market Valuation


 Economic Data


 Industry Overview


 Market-Cap/GDP Valuation


 Global Market Valuation


 Shiller P/E


 Shiller P/E By Sectors


 Buffett Assets Allocation




By Country


 USA


 Australia


 Canada


 China


 Germany


 India


 Japan


 UK


 More...






Articles


Articles


 Editor's Picks


 GuruFocus Research


 Value Ideas


 Interviews with Gurus


 Top Ranked


 Value Idea Contest


 Videos


 Following Authors




Submit Articles


 Writers Wanted


 Value Contest Winners


 Submit Articles Online


 My Articles






Conference




 Value Conference


 Speakers


 Location/Venue


 Register


 After Conference Gathering (Free Drinks)






Tutorials




 Tutorials & Webinars


 FAQ


 Contact Us






Log In




 Free Sign-up


 Log In


 7-Day Free Trial 






Subscribe




 Free Trial ($399/Year)


 Refer a Friend & Earn $50














Warren Buffett


Bruce Berkowitz


George Soros


Seth Klarman


David Tepper


John Paulson


David Einhorn


Mohnish Pabrai


Prem Watsa


Bill Ackman


Joel Greenblatt


Carl Icahn


Arnold Schneider


Arnold Van Den Berg


Barrow, Hanley, Mewhinney & Strauss


Bill Ackman


Bill Gates


Bill Nygren


Bruce Berkowitz


Carl Icahn


Full Gurus List




Gurus List





Search
Compare

Search ▾










Get 7-Day Free Trial



My Portfolios▾
                        
Portfolios Overview
Create New Portfolio
Portfolio Contest


My Gurus▾
                        
Quick Browse
Personalize

My Gurus

Premium Gurus 
Premium Plus Investors 























SOLARIS ASSET MANAGEMENT LLC 

                Last Update: 05-03-2017 
            





                    Number of Stocks: 263

                    Number of New Stocks: 28




                    Total Value: $148 Mil

                    Q/Q Turnover: 2%


Countries:
                
 











This content requires JavaScript.

Details: Top Buys | Top Sales | Top Holdings  Embed:  



Bookmark

Print


Tweet















Bookmark Name:









			This page was added to your Bookmark.
		



Members Only. Please Sign Up or Log In first.




			Bookmark of this page has been deleted.
		




Add to Personalized Guru List
Remove from Personalized Guru List
RSS Update




LatestStock PicksCurrent PortfolioProfile/PerformanceSector Weighting




SOLARIS ASSET MANAGEMENT LLC has been successfully added into your Personalized Guru List.
        



SOLARIS ASSET MANAGEMENT LLC has been removed from your Personalized Guru List.
        



            This feature is only available for Premium Members, please sign up for
            GuruFocus Premium Membership

7-Day Free Trial Now





SOLARIS ASSET MANAGEMENT LLC has been successfully added into Guru Email Alerts list.
        



SOLARIS ASSET MANAGEMENT LLC has been removed from Guru Email Alerts list.
        



This feature is only available for Members, please Sign Up for FREE membership.
                If you have already signed up, please Log In






SOLARIS ASSET MANAGEMENT LLC's Portfolio is for Premium Plus  Membership subscribers only.

	
	GuruFocus Premium Plus  Membership
(This is a new feature)


 Gain access to the portfolios and trades of ALL 13F filers
 Their trading history
 Aggregated portfolio of any combinations among them
 Email alerts
 Excel Add-in for fully customized data downloads and research
 API for Guru/Insider data downloads (Realtime & historical)


7-Day Free Trial
Learn more








Add Notes, CommentsIf you want to ask a question or report a bug, please create a support ticket.






Select portfolio(s):








                        Create a new portfolio



Why you are interested?



            Your selection and notes will be stored in your portfolio.
        


Login to add portfolio















Get WordPress Plugins for easy affiliate links on Stock Tickers and Guru Names
                    | Earn affiliate commissions by embedding GuruFocus Charts

                                                GuruFocus Affiliate Program: Earn up to $400 per referral.  ( Learn More) 













Home  About   Jobs    Advertise    Site Map    Term of Use    Privacy Policy     RSS    Mobile App     Email Alerts    Referral Program    Affiliate Program    FAQ    Contact Us
                               

                © 2004-2017                GuruFocus.com, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
            


                    Disclaimers: GuruFocus.com is not operated by a broker, a dealer, or a registered investment adviser. Under no circumstances does any information posted on GuruFocus.com represent a recommendation to buy or sell a security. The information on this site, and in its related newsletters, is not intended to be, nor does it constitute, investment advice or recommendations. The gurus may buy and sell securities before and after any particular article and report and information herein is published, with respect to the securities discussed in any article and report posted herein. In no event shall GuruFocus.com be liable to any member, guest or third party for any damages of any kind arising out of the use of any content or other material published or available on GuruFocus.com, or relating to the use of, or inability to use, GuruFocus.com or any content, including, without limitation, any investment losses, lost profits, lost opportunity, special, incidental, indirect, consequential or punitive damages. Past performance is a poor indicator of future performance. The information on this site, and in its related newsletters, is not intended to be, nor does it constitute, investment advice or recommendations. The information on this site is in no way guaranteed for completeness, accuracy or in any other way. The gurus listed in this website are not affiliated with GuruFocus.com, LLC.



                    Stock quotes provided by InterActive Data. Fundamental company data provided by Morningstar, updated daily.


















GF Chat {{numOfNotice}}




























×
Manage BookMarks





Close








FEEDBACK



















The Solaris Group









 Expertise
Approach
Process
Portfolio 
  Construction Commentaries
Partner 
  Profile Contact 
  UsHome

Solaris Asset Management.
Solaris Asset Management.
Solaris Asset Management, LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Solaris Group, 
    LLC, is an independent SEC-registered investment advisor serving select U.S. 
    and global institutional and private clients. The hallmark of our approach 
    is flexibility and opportunism within a disciplined framework. We seek to 
    deliver value-added performance by selecting securities that exhibit the greatest 
    potential for growth per unit of value across the spectrum of economic sectors 
    and market capitalization. In investment parlance, we are a low-beta, high-alpha, 
    all-cap, core manager.
 
Solaris Asset Management Wins “All-Cap Manager of the Year”
    from Emerging Manager Monthly Magazine. More

Invested in intellect, expertise, 
  and manpower.
Solaris Asset Management is a highly resourced, domestic equity investment 
    specialist whose primary goal is to deliver superior risk-adjusted returns 
    using the highest ethical standards. Our firm draws from the considerable 
    experience of its staff, which is organized along functional lines. Our investment 
    team is composed of Chief Investment Officer Tim Ghriskey and a group of sector 
    managers, fundamental and quantitative analysts, traders and risk managers. 
    The investment function is supported by experienced operations, administration, 
    legal, compliance, systems and client service personnel. This significant 
    depth of intellect, expertise and manpower provides the infrastructure to 
    support ongoing investment excellence even in the face of client and asset 
    growth. Invested alongside our clients, we will limit our growth when we believe 
    we are approaching a size likely to inhibit future performance.

Seizing opportunities. Protecting principal. 
Solaris believes that securities representing the greatest opportunity for 
    appreciation are those exhibiting the most attractive future growth potential 
    relative to current valuation. Therefore, within prudent risk/diversification 
    guidelines, we are agnostic as to economic sector or company size. Our approach 
    leads us to tilt a portfolio's sector and market cap exposure based upon changes 
    in corporate, economic and financial market trends. Beyond seizing opportunities, 
    a primary tenet of our philosophy is to protect portfolio principal. Our risk 
    management techniques include an eight-step sell discipline. It is our view 
    that thoughtful security sales are an indication of risk management vigilance. 
    Changes in valuation or growth prospects are inevitable over time and require 
    action. We are particularly attentive to avoiding losses of significance. 
    In taxable portfolios, we are mindful to offset or delay gains in order to 
    reduce the tax burdens, but we never allow tax sensitivity to dominate the 
    investment decision.

 A comprehensive process for security selection.
The Solaris research-intensive approach to security selection focuses on 
    company fundamentals. Our universe of investments includes over 1,000 companies 
    that have an acceptable level of trading liquidity. These companies are subjected 
    to our proprietary multi-factor computer model, which assists our sector managers 
    and analysts in identifying securities for further research. We focus on some 
    400 companies that may have business issues which limit the realization of 
    their growth potential. The securities of these companies represent unrealized 
    value in the financial markets. We then identify those companies where we believe
	positive change is most likely to occur—typically about a hundred companies at 
    any given time. We look to understand core fundamentals. We seek financial 
    discipline, strong and improving management, and commitment to positive change. 
    We meet with corporate management, attend conferences, utilize Wall Street 
    analysts, interview industry experts, read trade publications, search the 
    Internet, and closely scrutinize company fundamentals, filings and reports. 
    This work culminates in an assessment of corporate earnings and cash flow 
    forecasts, and ultimately in a recommendation to invest. Our CIO makes the 
    final investment decision.

A balanced approach to portfolio construction.
Solaris portfolios are constructed to offset the potential for inadvertent 
    risk associated with a flexible stock selection approach. Portfolios generally 
    have 35 to 50 securities, which are typically equal weighted. A position may be 
    held at one-half or two times the normal weight but only for a short period 
    of time and for pre-determined reasons. In order to achieve an appropriate 
    level of diversification, at least seven out of ten economic sectors must be 
    represented in the portfolio and no single sector can represent more than 
    35 percent of the portfolio. While the method of valuation can differ by sector, 
    industry or security, our portfolios generally exhibit characteristics consistent 
    with our aim to find growth at a discount: a valuation-to-growth ratio below 
    that of the market and average forward earnings growth competitive with the 
    market.

Market Commentaries.
 April 2007
    First Quarter 2007 Market Review
 It was a volatile first quarter in the financial markets as the seven-month 
    stock market rally was finally interrupted. Stocks did manage modest gains: 
    a 0.6% total return for the S&P 500 Index and a 1.3% increase for the 
    broader Russell 3000 Index. Small-capitalization stocks performed slightly 
    better—the Russell 2000 Index gained 1.9%; and foreign stocks (MSCI 
    EAFE) rose 4.2%.

Click here to read the entire commentary


 TIMOTHY M. GHRISKEY
Co-founder, The Solaris Group;
oversees Solaris Asset Management.
Formerly Chief Investment Officer of Ghriskey Capital Partners; Senior Vice-President, 
Senior Portfolio Manager and Head of Value Equities at The Dreyfus Corporation 
as well as a member of the firm's management committee. Associate Managing 
Director and Portfolio Manager of Loomis, Sayles & Company. Regularly 
appears on CNBC, Bloomberg, CNN, ABC, and Fox, and is frequently quoted in 
the Wall Street Journal, New York Times, Barron's and many other publications. 
He has been ranked by Barron's as one of the nation's top ten fund managers.
"Sensitivity to price, a critical eye on fundamentals and a sector-specific, 
proprietary intelligence system are the core of our disciplined process."

Contact Us.
Solaris Asset Management LLC
2 Depot Plaza, 4th Floor
Bedford Hills, NY 10507
Tel: (914) 241-2222 
info@solarisgroupllc.com
The Solaris Group LLC
Ralph D. Sinsheimer, Managing Director
598 Madison Avenue, 15th Floor
New York, NY 10022
Tel: (212) 582-4500
sinsheimer@solarisgroupllc.com

Jim Jeffery joins Solaris Advisors to lead the firm’s non-profit Senior Living consulting efforts. Read more
About the Artist | Copyright 2007 Solaris Group, LLC | Print Brochure



