

10-Q: SOLIS TEK, INC./NV - MarketWatch



























































Latest News










Dow

21,830
+33.76
+0.15%






Nasdaq

6,375
-7.51
-0.12%






S&P 500

2,472
-3.32
-0.13%









4:33 P.M. ET


Updated
      Long-dated Treasury yields see weekly climb 
                                





 
4:33 P.M. ET


Updated
      S&P 500, Nasdaq finish lower after Amazon disappointment; Dow closes at record
                                





 
4:31 P.M. ET


Updated
      The highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart
                                





 
4:31 P.M. ET


Updated
      Wall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
                                





 
4:31 P.M. ET


Updated
      How to raise your kids to be frugal (but not too frugal)
                                





 
4:31 P.M. ET


Updated
      Cities to move to if you want to work in tech — NOT including San Francisco
                                





 
4:30 P.M. ET


Updated
      What Donald Trump’s battle of wills with Jeff Sessions teaches you about a difficult boss
                                





 
4:30 P.M. ET


                                  Trump, Russia and Sanctions: What We Know 
                                





 
4:30 P.M. ET


Updated
      One way you’re paying credit-card fees, even if you don’t have a card
                                





 
4:30 P.M. ET


Updated
      This is the worst mistake people make at work
                                





 
4:29 P.M. ET


Updated
      Move over, breathalyzers; ‘textalyzers’ could be used on drivers’ phones 
                                





 
4:29 P.M. ET


Updated
      Jared Kushner’s unorthodox approach to meetings is a cautionary tale for office workers everywhere
                                





 
4:28 P.M. ET


Updated
      Here’s how much you should spend on a yoga mat 
                                





 
4:26 P.M. ET


Updated
      5 weird things I found out about America in my first 24 hours 
                                





 
4:26 P.M. ET


Updated
      Weekend Sip: Is this the world’s first distilled non-alcoholic spirit?
                                





 
4:21 P.M. ET


Updated
      Goodyear stock stumbles 11% after quarter ‘played out differently than we expected’
                                





 
4:20 P.M. ET


Updated
      Time for GOP to face reality: Everybody is going to have health insurance
                                





 
4:18 P.M. ET


Updated
      Dow industrials just 170 points shy of 22,000 milestone
                                





 
4:17 P.M. ET


Updated
      Why tax cuts for the rich solve nothing
                                





 
4:10 P.M. ET


                                  Cigarette maker stocks plunge on FDA announcement, but health experts are skeptical
                                





 








































Log In















    New York Markets After Hours
  


Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers














Home






Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)




Get email alerts



         10-Q: SOLIS TEK, INC./NV
    








    By

Published: May 8, 2017 6:09 a.m. ET

Share






















































 



 















(EDGAR Online via COMTEX) -- Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.  This Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements that are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control, which may include statements about our:  ? business strategy;  ? financial strategy;  ? future operating results; and  ? Plans, objectives, expectations and intentions contained in this report that are not historical.  All statements, other than statements of historical fact included in this report, regarding our strategy, intellectual property, future operations, financial position, estimated revenues and losses, projected costs, prospects, plans and objectives of management are forward-looking statements. When used in this report, the words "could," "believe," "anticipate," "intend," "estimate," "expect," "project" and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain such identifying words. All forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this report. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Although we believe that our plans, intentions and expectations reflected in or suggested by the forward-looking statements we make in this report are reasonable, we can give no assurance that these plans, intentions or expectations will be achieved. These statements may be found under "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations," as well as in this report generally. Actual events or results may differ materially from those discussed in forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. In light of these risks and uncertainties, there can be no assurance that the forward-looking statements contained in this filing will in fact occur.  Organizational History  Solis Tek Inc. (the "Company") was originally incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada on March 2, 2007 as Cinjet, Inc. ("Cinjet"). Effective September 1, 2015, Cinjet changed its corporate name to Solis Tek Inc. On June 23, 2015, the Company entered into an Agreement of Merger and Plan of Reorganization (the "Agreement") with Solis Tek Inc., a California corporation ("STI"), and CJA Acquisition Corp., a California corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company ("Merger Sub"), providing for the merger of Merger Sub with and into STI (the "Merger"), with STI surviving the Merger as a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. The Merger Agreement was approved by the Company's Board of Directors and the sole Director of the Company, effective June 23, 2015. The Merger closed on June 23, 2015.  At the effective time of the Merger, each share of STI common stock issued and outstanding was converted automatically into the right to receive .166 shares of the common stock of the Company, with an aggregate of 26,187,000 shares of the Company's common stock issued to the former shareholders of STI.  Upon the closing of the Merger, STI paid a total of $22,500 to four shareholders of the Company for the cancellation of a total of 61,297,002 shares of the Company's common stock. Also at the closing of the Merger, STI paid $198,100 to the Company to settle and pay liabilities of $405,932, which represented all of the then current liabilities of the Company. After the closing, a total of 29,551,998 shares of the Company were outstanding.  Upon completion of the Merger, the former stockholders of STI owned approximately 89% of the outstanding shares of the Company's common stock and the holders of the outstanding shares of the Company's common stock prior to the Merger owned the balance. As the former owners and management of STI have voting and operating control of the Company after the Merger, the transaction has been accounted for as a recapitalization with the STI deemed the acquiring companies for accounting purposes, and the Company deemed the legal acquirer. Due to the change in control, the consolidated financial statements reflect the historical results of STI prior to the Merger, and that of the combined company following the Merger. Common stock and the corresponding capital amounts of the Company pre-Merger have been retroactively restated as capital stock shares reflecting the exchange ratio in the Merger. No step-up in basis or intangible assets or goodwill will be recorded in this transaction and the cash paid by the Company of $248,980 (including $28,380 of transaction costs) has been reflected as a cost of the transaction.  Overview of Business  The Company is focused on the research, design, development and manufacturing of advanced, energy efficient indoor horticulture lighting and ancillary equipment. Our vision is to apply the latest advances in high efficiency lighting and controls technology as well as effective manufacturing techniques to deliver highly differentiated products with clear benefits at competitive prices to the greenhouse and indoor horticulture markets.  The Company, through its wholly owned subsidiary is in the operations of designing, developing and sourcing a line of Solis Tek Digital Ballasts intended for use in high intensity lighting systems used for horticulture. An electrical ballast is a device intended to limit the amount of current in an electric circuit. A familiar and widely used example is the inductive ballast used in fluorescent lamps, to limit the current through the tube, which would otherwise rise to destructive levels due to the tube's negative resistance characteristic. Since the commencement of operations, our product line has evolved from digital ballasts to a line of lighting products including a line of specialty ballasts ranging from 400 watts to 1,000 watts with various features, a line of specialty metal halide digital lamps, a line of reflectors, high intensity lighting accessories.  Critical Accounting Policies  The Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") defines "critical accounting policies" as those that require application of management's most difficult, subjective or complex judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain and may change in subsequent periods. Not all of the accounting policies require management to make difficult, subjective or complex judgments or estimates. However, the following policies could be deemed to be critical within the SEC definition.  Allowance for Doubtful Accounts  The allowance for doubtful accounts is based on the Company's assessment of the collectability of customer accounts. The Company regularly reviews the allowance by considering factors such as historical experience, the age of the accounts receivable balances, credit quality, economic conditions that may affect a customer's ability to pay and expected default frequency rates. Trade receivables are written off at the point when they are considered uncollectible.  Inventories  The Company provides inventory reserves based on excess and obsolete inventories determined primarily by future demand forecasts. The write down amount is measured as the difference between the cost of the inventory and market based upon assumptions about future demand and charged to the provision for inventory, which is a component of cost of sales. At the point of the loss recognition, a new, lower cost basis for that inventory is established, and subsequent changes in facts and circumstances do not result in the restoration or increase in that newly established cost basis.  Recent Accounting Pronouncements  See Note 2 of the condensed financial statements for management's discussion of recent accounting pronouncements.  Results of Operations  Results of Operations for the three months ended March 31, 2017 compared to the three months ended March 31, 2016.  Revenue and Cost of Goods Sold  Revenue for the three months ended March 31, 2017 and 2016 was $2,901,826 and $2,584,668, respectively, an increase of $317,158 or 12%. The increase was primarily due to more market penetration within our hydroponic customers and commercial facilities during the first quarter of 2017, as compared to the first quarter of 2016.  Cost of sales for the three months ended March 31, 2017 and 2016, was $1,781,304 and $1,658,711, respectively. Gross profit for the three months ended March 31, 2017 and 2016, was $1,120,522 and $925,957, respectively. The increase in gross profit of $194,565, or 21% was primarily due to increase in revenue. As a percentage of revenue, gross profit for the three months ended March 31, 2017 was 38.6% compared to 35.8% for the three months ended March 31, 2016. The increase in gross profit percentage was due to higher revenue and product mix.  Selling, General and Administrative Expenses  Selling, general and administrative ("SG&A") expenses for the three months ended March 31, 2017 and 2016 was $4,764,655 and $753,694, respectively, an increase of $4,010,961 or 532%. The increase in SG&A expenses was due to increase in payroll, marketing, travel, trade shows, outbound freight, and sales commission to support the increase in revenues and stock compensation costs and increase in bad debt expenses For the three months ended March 31, 2017 stock compensation expense was $3,638,154 compared to $36,000 for the three months ended March 31, 2016.  Research and Development Expenses  Research and development ("R&D") expenses for the three months ended March 31, 2017 and 2016 was $82,770 and $57,000, respectively, an increase of $25,770 or 45%. The increase in R&D expenses was primarily due to fair value of common stock ($25,000) issued to an employee. The R&D expense was incurred for the improvement in existing products and development of new products.  Net (Loss) income before income taxes  Net loss for the three months ended March 31, 2017 was $3,480,253 compared to net income of $44,960 for the three months ended March 31, 2016. The net loss for the three months ended March 31, 2017 was due to significant noncash costs of $3,763,154 that resulted in the increase in SG&A, and R&D and was offset in part with increase in gross profit compared to the three months ended March 31, 2016.  Liquidity and Capital Resources  Liquidity is the ability of a company to generate funds to support its current and future operations, satisfy its obligations, and otherwise operate on an ongoing basis. Significant factors in the management of liquidity are funds generated by operations, levels of accounts receivable and accounts payable and capital expenditures.  Cash flows used in operating activities  During the three months ended March 31, 2017, the Company used $432,252 in operating activities, compared to cash provided by operating activities of $277,348 during the three months ended March 31, 2016. During the three months ended March 31, 2017, cash was primarily used in increase in accounts receivable to support higher revenue, advance to suppliers for the purchase of inventory, reduction in related party vendor and was offset in part with reduction in inventory and increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses.  Cash flows used in investing activities  During the three months ended March 31, 2017, the Company used $3,200 in the property and equipment for purchase of certain molds.  Cash flows provided by financing activities  During the three months ended March 31, 2017, the Company generated $574,606 from financing activities compared to cash used in financing activities of $86,645 for the three months ended March 31, 2016. For the three months ended March 31, 2017, the Company raised a $300,000 through an issuance of common stock under Private Placement Offering, and proceeds from notes payable to related parties of $300,000 and part of the proceeds were used to pay notes payable-related party of $20,000 and payments on loans payable and capital lease obligation.  We estimate the Company currently has sufficient cash and liquidity to meet its anticipated working capital for the next twelve months.  Historically, we have financed our operations primarily through private sales of common stock, a line of credit and loans from a third party financial institution related parties, and operations. We anticipate that our primary capital source will be positive cash flow from operations. If our sales goals do not materialize as planned, we believe that the Company can reduce its operating costs and achieve positive cash flow from operations. However, we may not generate sufficient revenues from product sales in the future to achieve profitable operations. If we are not able to achieve profitable operations at some point in the future, we may have insufficient working capital to maintain our operations as we presently intend to conduct them or to fund our expansion, marketing, and product development plans. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain such financing on acceptable terms, or at all.  On March 6, 2017, the Board of Directors of the Company authorized a Private Placement Offering per Reg. D of up to $1,650,000 in shares of common stock to accredited investors. For the three months ended march 31, 2017, the Company has raised a total of $300,000 through an issuance of 375,000 shares under this offering.  Non-GAAP Measure - Adjusted EBITDA  In addition to our GAAP results, we present Adjusted EBITDA as a supplemental measure of our performance. However, Adjusted EBITDA is not a recognized measurement under GAAP and should not be considered as an alternative to net income, income from operations or any other performance measure derived in accordance with GAAP or as an alternative to cash flow from operating activities as a measure of liquidity. We define Adjusted EBITDA as net income (loss), plus interest expense, provision for income taxes, depreciation and amortization, and stock-based compensation. Non-GAAP adjustments to our results prepared in accordance with GAAP are itemized below. You are encouraged to evaluate these adjustments and the reasons we consider them appropriate for supplemental analysis. In evaluating Adjusted EBITDA, you should be aware that in the future we may incur expenses that are the same as or similar to some of the adjustments in this presentation. Our presentation of Adjusted EBITDA should not be construed as an inference that our future results will be unaffected by unusual or non-recurring items.  Set forth below is a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to net income (loss) for the three months ended March 31, 2017 and 2016.   Three months ended March 31, 2017 March 31, 2016 Net income (loss) $ (3,751,987 ) $ 44,960 Add: Interest expense 24,171 26,774 Provision for income taxes 913 43,529 Depriciation and amortization 17,745 17,515 Stock-based compensation 3,663,154 - Adjusted EBITDA $ (46,004 ) $ 132,778  We present Adjusted EBITDA because we believe it assists investors and analysts in comparing our performance across reporting periods on a consistent basis by excluding items that we do not believe are indicative of our core operating performance. Adjusted EBITDA has limitations as an analytical tool, which includes, among others, the following:  ? Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect our cash expenditures, or future requirements, for capital expenditures or contractual commitments;  ? Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect changes in, or cash requirements for, our working capital needs;  ? Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect interest expense, or the cash requirements necessary to service interest or principal payments, on our debts; and  ? although depreciation and amortization are non-cash charges, the assets being depreciated and amortized will often have to be replaced in the future, and Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect any cash requirements for such replacements  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  We do not have any off balance sheet arrangements that are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, revenues, and results of operations, liquidity or capital expenditures.  May 08, 2017  (c) 1995-2017 Cybernet Data Systems, Inc. All Rights Reserved 


More from MarketWatch









More Coverage


Wall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials


U.S. economy speeds up in second quarter after bumpy ride earlier in the year


All the companies in Jeff Bezos’s empire, in one (large) chart















Most Popular





All the companies in Jeff Bezos’s empire, in one (large) chart





Stock market lower after Amazon disappointment, but pares losses





Get ready for the less-profitable Amazon that you used to know





Intel earnings have message for AMD and Nvidia: ‘Bring it on’





JetBlue chairman: Why loyalty programs have made airlines 'lazy'




MarketWatch Partner Center




















 








            We Want to
            Hear from You


Join the conversation
Comment
















Sponsored Headlines













Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found







































 





















Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version












Solis Tek Inc. 10-K Mar. 30, 2017  7:16 PM | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Solis Tek Inc. (SLTK)FORM 10-K | Annual ReportMar. 30, 2017  7:16 PM|About: Solis Tek Inc. (SLTK)View as PDF

 Solis Tek, Inc./NV (Form: 10-K, Received: 03/31/2017 06:13:58) 










	 








	 






	 





	UNITED
	STATES






	SECURITIES
	AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION






	WASHINGTON,
	D.C. 20549





	 





	FORM
	10-K





	 




	(Mark
	one)




	 







	[X]






	ANNUAL
	REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934







	 





	For
	the Year Ended December 31, 2016





	 





	or





	 







	[  

	]





	TRANSITION
	REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15 (d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934







	 





	For
	the transition period from





	 





	Commission
	File Number:

	000-52446






	 







	SOLIS
	TEK INC.





	(

	Exact
	name of registrant as specified in its charter

	)




	 








	Nevada






	 






	20-8609439









	(State
	or Other Jurisdiction of





	 





	(I.R.S.
	Employer








	Incorporation
	or Organization)





	 





	Identification
	No.)








	 








	16926
	S. Keegan Ave Suite A., Carson, CA






	 






	90746









	(Address
	of principal executive offices)





	 





	(Zip
	Code)







	 






	(888)
	998-8881







	(Registrant’s
	telephone number, including area code)





	 




	Indicate
	by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
	Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
	and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.




	Yes
	[X] No [  ]




	 




	Indicate
	by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive
	Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the
	preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).




	Yes
	[X] No [  ]




	 




	Indicate
	by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller
	reporting company. See the definitions of the “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “non-accelerated
	filer,” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.




	 






	Large
	accelerated filer




	[  ]




	Accelerated
	filer




	[  ]






	Non-accelerated
	filer




	[  ]
	(Do not check if a smaller reporting company)




	Smaller
	reporting company




	[X]






	 




	Indicate
	by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).




	Yes
	[  ] No [X]




	 




	As
	of March 31, 2017, the registrant’s outstanding common stock consisted of 36,530,577 shares, $0.0001 par value.




	 








	 






	 







	 









	 







	 





	TABLE
	OF CONTENTS





	 







	FORWARD-LOOKING
	STATEMENTS





	3






	 




	 




	 




	 







	PART
	I





	 






	 




	ITEM
	1.





	DESCRIPTION
	OF BUSINESS





	4






	 




	ITEM
	1A.





	RISK
	FACTORS





	11






	 




	ITEM
	2.





	DESCRIPTION
	OF PROPERTY





	21






	 




	ITEM
	3.





	LEGAL
	PROCEEDINGS





	21






	 




	ITEM
	4.





	SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS





	21







	PART
	II





	 






	 




	ITEM
	5.





	MARKET
	FOR COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND SMALL BUSINESS ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES





	22






	 




	ITEM
	6.





	SELECTED
	FINANCIAL DATA





	22






	 




	ITEM
	7.





	MANAGEMENT’S
	DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OR PLAN OF OPERATION





	22






	 




	ITEM
	7A.





	QUANTITATIVE
	AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK





	24






	 




	ITEM
	8.





	FINANCIAL
	STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTAL DATA





	25






	 




	ITEM
	9.





	CHANGES
	IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE





	26






	 




	ITEM
	9A.






	CONTROLS
	AND PROCEDURES






	26






	 




	ITEM
	9B.






	OTHER
	INFORMATION






	27







	PART
	III





	 






	 




	ITEM
	10.





	DIRECTORS,
	EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, PROMOTERS, CONTROL PERSONS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE; COMPLIANCE WITH SECTION 16(A) OF THE EXCHANGE ACT





	28






	 




	ITEM
	11.





	EXECUTIVE
	COMPENSATION





	29






	 




	ITEM
	12.





	SECURITY
	OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS





	31






	 




	ITEM
	13.





	CERTAIN
	RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE





	31






	 




	ITEM
	14.





	PRINCIPAL
	ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES





	33






	 




	ITEM
	15.





	EXHIBITS





	34







	SIGNATURES





	35






	 







	 



	2



	 









	 







	 







	FORWARD-LOOKING
	STATEMENTS





	 





	This
	Annual Report contains forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, in the sections captioned “Description
	of Business,” “Risk Factors,” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
	Results of Operations,” and elsewhere. Any and all statements contained in this Report that are not statements of historical
	fact may be deemed forward-looking statements. Terms such as “may,” “might,” “would,” “should,”
	“could,” “project,” “estimate,” “pro forma,” “predict,” “potential,”
	“strategy,” “anticipate,” “attempt,” “develop,” “plan,” “help,”
	“believe,” “continue,” “intend,” “expect,” “future,” and terms of
	similar import (including the negative of any of the foregoing) may be intended to identify forward-looking statements. However,
	not all forward-looking statements may contain one or more of these identifying terms. Forward-looking statements in this Report
	may include, without limitation, statements regarding (i) the plans and objectives of management for future operations, including
	plans or objectives relating to exploration programs, (ii) a projection of income (including income/loss), earnings (including
	earnings/loss) per share, capital expenditures, dividends, capital structure or other financial items, (iii) our future financial
	performance, including any such statement contained in a discussion and analysis of financial condition by management or in the
	results of operations included pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC, and (iv) the assumptions underlying or relating
	to any statement described in points (i), (ii) or (iii) above.





	 





	The
	forward-looking statements are not meant to predict or guarantee actual results, performance, events or circumstances and may
	not be realized because they are based upon our current projections, plans, objectives, beliefs, expectations, estimates and assumptions
	and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and other influences, many of which we have no control over. Actual results
	and the timing of certain events and circumstances may differ materially from those described by the forward-looking statements
	as a result of these risks and uncertainties. Factors that may influence or contribute to the inaccuracy of the forward-looking
	statements or cause actual results to differ materially from expected or desired results may include, without limitation, our
	inability to obtain adequate financing, insufficient cash flows and resulting illiquidity, our inability to expand our business,
	government regulations, lack of diversification, volatility in the price of gold, increased competition, results of arbitration
	and litigation, stock volatility and illiquidity, and our failure to implement our business plans or strategies. A description
	of some of the risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those described by the forward-looking
	statements in this Report appears in the section captioned “Risk Factors” and elsewhere in this Report.





	 





	Readers
	are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements because of the risks and uncertainties related to them.
	We disclaim any obligation to update the forward-looking statements contained in this Report to reflect any new information or
	future events or circumstances or otherwise.





	 





	Readers
	should read this Report in conjunction with the discussion under the caption “Risk Factors,” our financial statements
	and the related notes thereto in this Report, and other documents which we may file from time to time with the SEC.





	 







	 



	3



	 









	 








	 










	PART
	I





	 









	ITEM
	1. DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS.





	 





	This
	Report contains summaries of the material terms of various agreements executed in connection with the transactions described herein.
	The summaries of these agreements are subject to, and are qualified in their entirety by reference to, these agreements, all of
	which are incorporated herein by reference.





	 





	History
	and Organization





	 




	Solis
	Tek Inc. (the “Company”) was originally incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada on March 2, 2007 as Cinjet,
	Inc. (“Cinjet”). Effective September 1, 2015, Cinjet changed its corporate name to Solis Tek Inc. On June 23, 2015,
	the Company entered into an Agreement of Merger and Plan of Reorganization (the “Agreement”) with Solis Tek Inc.,
	a California corporation (“STI”), and CJA Acquisition Corp., a California corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary
	of the Company (“Merger Sub”), providing for the merger of Merger Sub with and into STI (the “Merger”),
	with STI surviving the Merger as a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. The Merger Agreement was approved by the Company’s
	Board of Directors and the sole Director of the Company, effective June 23, 2015. The Merger closed on June 23, 2015.




	 




	At
	the effective time of the Merger, each share of STI common stock issued and outstanding was converted automatically into the right
	to receive .166 shares of the common stock of the Company, with an aggregate of 26,187,000 shares of the Company’s common
	stock issued to the former shareholders of STI.




	 




	Upon
	the closing of the Merger, STI paid a total of $22,500 to four shareholders of the Company for the cancellation of a total of
	61,297,002 shares of the Company’s common stock. Also at the closing of the Merger, STI paid $198,100 to the Company to
	settle and pay liabilities of $405,932, which represented all of the then current liabilities of the Company. After the closing,
	a total of 29,551,998 shares of the Company were outstanding.




	 




	Upon
	completion of the Merger, the former stockholders of STI owned approximately 89% of the outstanding shares of the Company’s
	common stock and the holders of the outstanding shares of the Company’s common stock prior to the Merger owned the balance.
	As the former owners and management of STI have voting and operating control of the Company after the Merger, the transaction
	has been accounted for as a recapitalization with the STI deemed the acquiring companies for accounting purposes, and the Company
	deemed the legal acquirer. Due to the change in control, the consolidated financial statements reflect the historical results
	of STI prior to the Merger, and that of the combined company following the Merger. Common stock and the corresponding capital
	amounts of the Company pre-Merger have been retroactively restated as capital stock shares reflecting the exchange ratio in the
	Merger. No step-up in basis or intangible assets or goodwill will be recorded in this transaction and the cash paid by the Company
	of $248,980 (including $28,380 of transaction costs) has been reflected as a cost of the transaction.




	 





	Overview
	of Business





	 




	Solis
	Tek Inc. is focused on the research, design, development and manufacturing of advanced, energy efficient indoor horticulture lighting
	and ancillary equipment. Our vision is to apply the latest advances in high efficiency lighting and controls technology as well
	as effective manufacturing techniques to deliver highly differentiated products with clear benefits at competitive prices to the
	greenhouse and indoor horticulture markets.




	 




	Our
	subsidiary, Solis Tek Inc., a California corporation, was formed in June of 2010. Its operations consists of designing, developing
	and sourcing of a line of Solis Tek Digital Ballasts intended for use in high intensity lighting systems used for horticulture.
	An electrical ballast is a device intended to limit the amount of current in an electric circuit. A familiar and widely used example
	is the inductive ballast used in fluorescent lamps, to limit the current through the tube, which would otherwise rise to destructive
	levels due to the tube’s negative resistance characteristic. Since the commencement of operations, our product line has
	evolved from digital ballasts to a line of lighting products including a line of specialty ballasts ranging from 400 watts to
	1,000 watts with various features, a line of specialty metal halide digital lamps (our “Lamp Products”), a line of
	reflectors, high intensity lighting accessories and a new line of light emitting diode (“LED”) lighting technologies.




	 







	 



	4



	 









	 







	 




	We
	sell our products primarily to retailers in the United States and international markets who specialize in hydroponic horticulture.
	Currently we have approximately 500 retailers that sell our products. We have five full time sales employees and four wholesale
	distributors who cover US, Canada, Spain and the United Kingdom.




	 




	The
	Company believes that almost all of the end users that use this type of products have used the equipment for the growing of cannabis.
	Currently, there are 28 states and the District of Columbia that have laws and/or regulation that recognize in one form or another
	legitimate medical uses for cannabis and consumer use of cannabis in connection with medical treatment. In addition, the States
	of Colorado, Washington, Alaska, Oregon, California, Massachusetts, Nevada and the District of Columbia have recently approved
	the recreational use of cannabis. Many other States are considering legislation to similar effect. As of July 30, 2015, the policy
	and regulations of the Federal government and its agencies is that cannabis has no medical benefit and a range of activities including
	cultivation and use of cannabis for personal use is prohibited on the basis of federal law and may or may not be permitted on
	the basis of State law. Active enforcement of the current federal regulatory position on cannabis on a regional or national basis
	may directly and adversely affect the willingness of our end user customers to continue to grow cannabis. Active enforcement of
	the current federal regulatory position on cannabis may thus directly and adversely affect revenues and profits.




	 




	However,
	the Company’s products can be, and are used for, the hydroponic and indoor growing of other horticultural products, such
	as hothouse vegetables, decorative plant nurseries, indoor aquariums, and industrial painting facilities. The Company intends
	to continue to expand and improve its products for use in as many applications as possible and to market its products to the entire
	indoor horticultural industry as well as other industrial applications that require artificial lighting.




	 




	In
	2014, Solis Tek East, Corporation (“STE”) was incorporated in the State of New Jersey as a wholly owned subsidiary
	of the Company. STE was formed for the purpose of commencing its operations and servicing and supplying the Eastern part of North
	America with our products. In September 2014, STE leased a 10,160 square foot office and warehouse facility in South Hackensack,
	New Jersey. Also, in 2014, GrowPro Solutions, Inc. (“GrowPro”) was incorporated in the State of California as a wholly
	owned subsidiary of the Company. GrowPro was formed to develop, and sell plant nutrients to help expand the market reach and maximize
	the revenue potential of the Company. GrowPro is sharing facility with STI in Carson, CA.




	 




	Our
	ballast products are manufactured in China by a manufacturer that is partially owned by a related party to Alan Lien, our President.
	Our Lamp Products are manufactured to our specifications and supplied by an unrelated manufacturer in China. Our lamp ancillary
	products and equipment are also manufactured, to our designs, in China.




	 





	License
	Agreement





	 




	In
	May of 2015, we entered into an Amended and Restated License Agreement with GAS Technologies, Incorporated (“GAS”)
	of Kapolei Hawaii, pursuant to which we agreed to pay GAS, a minimum royalty of $100,000 per year plus7% of sales of products
	licensed by GAS to us over a fixed amount of licensed products sale per calendar year. In 2016 and 2015, the Company owed an additional
	$41,490 and $43,775, respectively under the amended agreement. The License grants to us an exclusive world-wide license to produce,
	manufacture, have manufactured, use, import, sell, market, distribute and sell the products and systems (the “Licensed Products”)
	and any further products and systems that may be developed by the Licensor for use in the horticulture and hydroponic industries
	(the “Industries”). Such products include our “Single Ended: and “Double Ended” metal halide digital
	lamps and a new line of light emitting diode (“LED”) lighting technologies and products.




	 





	The
	Cannabis Industry and Government Regulation





	 




	Currently,
	there are twenty-eight States plus the District of Columbia that have laws and/or regulation that recognize in one form or another
	legitimate medical uses for cannabis and consumer use of cannabis in connection with medical treatment. In addition, the States
	of Colorado, Washington, Alaska, Oregon, California, Massachusetts, Nevada as well as the District of Columbia, have recently
	approved the recreational use of cannabis. The State laws are in conflict with the Federal Controlled Substances Act, which makes
	marijuana use and possession illegal on a national level. The Trump Administration has effectively stated that it is not an efficient
	use of resources to direct law federal law enforcement agencies to prosecute those lawfully abiding by State-designated laws allowing
	the use and distribution of medical marijuana and we do not have a clear reading from possible changes in the Trump Administration..
	Additionally, any new administration that follows could change this policy and decide to enforce the federal laws strongly. Any
	such change in the federal government’s enforcement of current federal laws could cause significant financial damage to
	us and our shareholders.




	 







	 



	5



	 









	 








	 






	Indoor
	Lighting Industry





	 






	Light
	and plant growth






	 




	Light
	is essential for plant growth. Natural sunlight is the cheapest source available, but for horticulture it is not always attainable
	in sufficient quantities. Therefore, the uses of artificial or alternative light sources have become very common in order to increase
	production and quality predominantly in indoor or greenhouse environments. Plants have a completely different sensitivity to light
	spectrum than humans. Every plant has their own sensitivity for colors and intensity of light. Using these alternate light sources
	for plants, effective light recipes are essential to obtain the optimal results in plant production.




	 






	Grow
	lights






	 




	A
	grow light or plant light is an artificial light source, generally an electric light, designed to stimulate plant growth by emitting
	an electromagnetic spectrum appropriate for photosynthesis. Grow lights are used in applications where there is either no naturally
	occurring light, or where supplemental light is required. For example, in the winter months when the available hours of daylight
	may be insufficient for the desired plant growth, lights are used to extend the time the plants receive light.




	 




	Grow
	lights either attempt to provide a light spectrum similar to that of the sun, or to provide a spectrum that is more tailored to
	the needs of the plants being cultivated. Outdoor conditions are mimicked with varying color, temperatures and spectral outputs
	from the grow light, as well as varying the lumen output (intensity) and PAR output of the lamps. Depending on the type of plant
	being cultivated, the stage of cultivation (e.g., the germination/vegetative phase or the flowering/fruiting phase), and the photoperiod
	required by the plants, specific ranges of spectrum, luminous efficacy and color temperature are desirable for use with specific
	plants and time periods.




	 




	Specially
	designed artificial light sources can improve diverse growth parameters. These all depends on several factors, like crop, environmental
	circumstances, light recipe and many more. The following is a list of benefits that can be achieved with specially designed artificial
	lighting:




	 






	 




	●




	Increased
	production and yield






	 




	 




	 






	 




	●




	Increased
	aromatic flavor and higher potency






	 




	 




	 






	 




	●




	Shortening
	of the total growth cycle






	 




	 




	 






	 




	●




	Better
	plant uniformity






	 




	 




	 






	 




	●




	Better
	space utility






	 




	 




	 






	 




	●




	Improved
	plant quality






	 




	 




	 






	 




	●




	Energy
	savings






	 




	 




	 






	 




	●




	Better
	germination rate






	 




	 




	 






	 




	●




	Higher
	multiplication factor






	 




	 




	 






	 




	●




	Higher
	survival rate in rooting






	 




	 




	 






	 




	●




	Improved/controlled
	stretching process






	 




	 




	 






	 




	●




	Accelerated
	hardening phase






	 






	Hydroponics






	 




	The
	great majority of our customers are retailers that specialize in Hydroponics and sell our products to Hydroponic enclosed farm
	operators. Hydroponics is a method of growing plants in mineral nutrient solutions, in water, without soil. Terrestrial plants
	may be grown with their roots in the mineral nutrient solution only or in an inert medium, such as polite, gravel, expanded clay
	pebbles or coconut husks.




	 







	 



	6



	 









	 







	 




	Some
	of the reasons why hydroponics is being adapted around the world for plant production are the following:




	 






	 




	●




	No
	soil is needed for hydroponics.






	 




	 




	 






	 




	●




	The
	water stays in the system and can be reused - thus, a lower water requirement.






	 




	 




	 






	 




	●




	It
	is possible to control the nutrition levels in their entirety; thus, lower nutrition requirements.






	 




	 




	 






	 




	●




	No
	nutrition pollution is released into the environment because of the controlled system.






	 




	 




	 






	 




	●




	Stable
	and high yields.






	 




	 




	 






	 




	●




	Pests
	and diseases are easier to get rid of than in soil because of the container’s mobility.






	 




	 




	 






	 




	●




	Ease
	of harvesting.






	 




	 




	 






	 




	●




	No
	pesticide damage.






	 





	Our
	Business Strategy





	 




	Due
	to the expected increase in the number of States where the use of cannabis, both for medical and recreational use is being legalized,
	the Company intends to take advantage of what we believe is our premium brand image within the cannabis farming industry. We believe
	that as participation in the cannabis farming industry grows, in order to supply increasing demand caused by legalization, our
	Solis Tek brand equipment will be sought out by existing and new cannabis farms and businesses. Further, we intend to broaden
	our marketing efforts to the non-cannabis lighting market, which includes, among others, hothouse vegetables, decorative plant
	nurseries, indoor aquariums, and industrial painting facilities. Our strategy is to maintain and increase our market share by
	expanding our marketing efforts and by introducing new and improved lighting technology to help the industry become more efficient.
	In addition, the Company has started market and sell a new line of plant nutrients and fertilizers through its wholly owned subsidiary
	GrowPro Solutions, Inc. to help expand the market reach and maximize the revenue potential of the Company.




	 





	Products





	 






	Ballasts






	 




	Ballasts
	provide the proper starting voltage, operating voltage and current to the lamp to initiate and sustain its arc. High Intensity
	Discharge (HID) lamps have negative resistance, which causes them to draw an increasing amount of current; hence, they require
	a current-limiting device. The ballast provides the following functions:




	 




	It
	provides starting voltage and, in some cases, ignition pulses. All ballasts must provide some specific minimum voltage to ignite
	the lamp. In the case of pulse start lamps, an additional high voltage pulse is needed to ionize the gases within the lamp. These
	pulses are superimposed near the peak starting voltage waveform; It regulates the lamp’s current and power. The ballast
	limits the current through the lamp once it has started. The ballast’s current is set to a level that delivers the proper
	power to the lamp. In addition, the ballast regulates the lamp’s current through the range of typical line voltage variations,
	thereby keeping the lamp’s power fairly stable to maximize the lamp’s life and performance and; It provides appropriate
	sustaining voltage and current wave shape to achieve the lamp’s rated life. The ballast provides sufficient voltage to sustain
	the lamp as it ages.




	 





	Solis
	Tek Digital Ballasts

	were designed to with “Ignition Control” sequential lamp ignition, and “SenseSmart”,
	self- diagnostic safety systems. Solis Tek Digital Ballasts are software based, that makes our ballasts more versatile and enables
	us to incorporate special features such as sequential ballast ignition technology (“Ignition Control”) and SenseSmart
	technologies that ignites metal halide lamps one at a time based on load stability. Ignition Control is a main feature of our
	ballasts that comes as a standard feature in all of our ballasts. Ignition Control assures that no matter how many lamps are contained
	in a lighting array attached to one power source, only one lamp will turn on at a predetermined time. This technology (not a randomized
	ignition startup) detects the voltage and amperage frequencies of the electrical circuit and ignites an array of metal halide
	or sodium lamps when the load for each lamp is most stable. We believe that SolisTek digital ballasts are the only ballasts capable
	of this technology. The use of our technology prevents surges and spikes in electrical environment in which an array of ballasts
	operate and also prevents the overloading of circuit breakers.




	 




	Our
	SenseSmart self-diagnosing system feature, enables our ballasts to internally safety check for over/under voltage, overheating,
	open circuits, short circuits and more. SmartSense will recognize an unsafe condition and take pre-determined actions to alleviate
	the safety issue.




	 







	 



	7



	 









	 







	 




	We
	offer a line of remote ballasts that include: 400W 120/240V, 600W 120/240V, 1000W 120/240V, 1000W 120/240V with remote control
	and timer, 1000W 240V only, and 1000W 277V.




	 






	A1
	1000W Complete Fixture






	 




	Beginning
	in 2015, we introduced a new A1 complete fixture equipped with ballast, reflector, and double ended lamp.




	 






	Digital
	Lamps






	 




	Metal
	halide lamps are a type of HID (High Intensity Discharge) lamp; mercury vapor and high-pressure sodium lamps are also HID lamps.
	Light is generated by creating an arc between the two electrodes located inside the inner arc tube. The inner arc tube is typically
	made of quartz, and this is a very harsh environment, with high temperatures approaching 1000°C and pressures of 3 or 4 atmospheres.
	To start a metal halide lamp, a high starting voltage is applied to the lamp’s electrodes to ionize the gas before current
	can flow and start the lamp.




	 




	Solis
	Tek Digital Lamps are designed to be specifically tuned and matched with Solis Tek digital ballasts. Our lamps feature color enhanced
	full balanced spectrums, prolonged lamp life , less depreciation of lumen output over time, and precise gas combinations for increased
	blues, reds, and ultra violet output. Our Lamps emit a full spectrum of light tuned specifically for particular types of plants.
	As well, our lamps provide ample Ultra Violet light that plants thrive upon. We have designed our lamps using special low iron
	glass envelopes so as to prevent the blockage of the full spectrum of light that our lamps are designed to provide. Using Solis
	Tek lamps, growers can expect superior photo-chemical reactions, proper UV balance, advanced HID lamp designed especially for
	plant growth, plant quality, and plant yield.




	 




	We
	offer a select variety of spectrums in both High Pressure Sodium (HPS), Metal Halides (MH), and Ceramic Metal Halides (CMH).




	 






	LED
	Technology






	 




	LED
	(light emitting diode) lighting supports sustainable design in several ways. It uses less energy than most other types of lamps,
	produces less heat, lasts longer (which means less frequent replacement and therefore reduced waste), is mercury-free, and is
	housed in special semi-conductor “chips” designed for easier configuration, disassembly, and recycling.




	 




	In
	our ongoing research and development program, we have designed and developed our next generation of high intensity lighting. Our
	LED technology, unlike other LED lighting sources, uses an advanced UV (Ultra Violet) diode phosphor combination to make our high
	intensity LED based lighting systems. Our LED systems will be available in the same light spectrums as our current HID lamps.
	Our design will emit lighting equivalent to the high pressure sodium spectrum and ultra-violet spectrums and eliminate the inadequacies
	of current LED offerings to the horticultural industry i.e.: a) low intensity; b) lack of proper spectrum for particular plants;
	and c) longevity. Our LED “chips” will provide, from one LED, a full spectrum of light that mimics sunlight, as compared
	to other LED manufacturers of LEDs who provide arrays of several color specific LEDs in an attempt to cover the full light spectrum.




	 




	LED
	lighting produces significantly less heat than conventional HID and HPS lamps, so growers can control their greenhouse climate
	more accurately. Less heat also means more effective use of light, for example by increasing light levels, extending lighting
	periods, or by using LED light in greenhouses on warmer days without having to ventilate. Less heat also means you can place the
	light source closer to plants, reducing light loss.




	 







	 



	8



	 









	 







	 






	Solis
	Tek Reflectors






	 




	Our
	line of “Reflectors” is designed for use with our digital ballasts and lamps. However, they have standard sockets
	so that lamps and ballasts manufactured by others may also be used. Each Reflector features air cooling, heavily tinned wiring,
	low iron glass for less filtering of light, and utilize highly reflective aluminum to reflect light in the desired direction.




	 




	We
	offer five different variations and sizes of Reflectors.




	 






	Plant
	Nutrients and Fertilizers






	 




	GrowPro
	has developed “Terpenez” which is a proprietary product formulated from all organic botanical extracts and is designed
	to assist plants with processes associated with oil and resin production. Terpenez is all natural and has organic inputs aimed
	at enhancing the aromatic experience of cultivation. GrowPro commenced test marketing Terpenez in late 2016.




	 





	Marketing





	 




	We
	currently market our products directly and through distributors, to hydroponic retailers through direct contacts, on-line email
	advertising, social media, trade magazine advertising, trade show promotions, and cross-promotional offerings. Our officers, along
	with five sales representatives and four distributors, are engaged in marketing our products. In addition, we work with a select
	few wholesale distributors who cover parts of the United States, Canada, Spain and the United Kingdom. Approximately 1% and 3%
	of our revenues were derived from non-U.S. sources in 2016 and 2015, respectively.




	 





	Manufacturing
	and Supply





	 




	All
	of our current products are manufactured to our specifications in China. We currently rely upon one manufacturer and supplier
	of our ballast products. The family of our President’s spouse owns a thirty per cent (30%) interest in the manufacturer
	with the balance of ownership owned by non-related parties. We believe that the prices charged by this supplier is on terms no
	more favorable than terms generally available to terms that we may pay to an unaffiliated third party under the same or similar
	circumstances. All of our other products, including our lamps, are manufactured and supplied by unaffiliated third-party suppliers.




	 




	Our
	reliance upon manufacturers and suppliers located in China, subjects us to various political, economic, and other risks and uncertainties
	inherent in importing products from this country, including among other risks, export/import duties, quotas and embargoes; domestic
	and international customs and tariffs; changing taxation policies; foreign exchange restrictions; and political conditions and
	governmental regulations. There can be no assurance that if there were an interruption of our supply lines from China, that we
	would be able to find replacement suppliers of our products domestically, or from other countries, and even if we found replacement
	suppliers, that we would be able to obtain the products at the quality and prices we currently pay.




	 





	Technology
	and Development





	 




	We
	have entered into an agreement with G.A.S. Technologies Inc. (“GAS”) pursuant to which GAS will provide design, supply
	and engineering services to the Company as well as exclusively license to the Company certain products for the horticultural industry,
	including all digital lighting products (the “GAS Agreement”) developed by GAS. The GAS Agreement gives the Company
	the exclusive right to manufacture, market and distribute all of the licensed technology. Among the technologies licensed are
	GAS’s designs for some of the Company’s LED products.




	 




	The
	GAS Agreement provides that the Company will pay to Licensor a minimum royalty at the rate of $100,000 per year (the “Minimum
	Annual Royalty”), commencing on the date of this Agreement, plus seven per cent (7%) of all Net Sales in excess of a fixed
	amount per calendar year (the “Additional Royalty”).




	 





	Intellectual
	Property





	 




	We
	own number of trademarks and rely on a combination of copyright and trade secrets as well as confidentiality procedures and contractual
	provisions to protect our proprietary technology and our brand. We rely on copyright laws to protect copy on our web site, www.solis-tek.com,
	and all marketing materials.




	 




	From
	time to time, we may encounter disputes over rights and obligations concerning intellectual property. Also, the efforts we have
	taken to protect our proprietary rights may not be sufficient or effective. Any significant impairment of our intellectual property
	rights could harm our business, our brand and reputation, or our ability to compete. Also, protecting our intellectual property
	rights could be costly and time consuming.




	 







	 



	9



	 









	 







	 





	Government
	Regulation





	 




	Almost
	all of end users of our products have used our products for the growing of cannabis. Currently, there are twenty-eight States
	plus the District of Columbia that have laws and/or regulation that recognize in one form or another legitimate medical uses for
	cannabis and consumer use of cannabis in connection with medical treatment. In addition, the States of Colorado, Washington, California,
	Massachusetts, Alaska, Nevada, and Oregon, as well as the District of Columbia, have recently approved the recreational use of
	cannabis. Many other States are considering legislation to similar effect. As of June 1, 2015, the policy and regulations of the
	Federal government and its agencies is that cannabis has no medical benefit and a range of activities including cultivation and
	use of cannabis for personal use is prohibited on the basis of federal law and may or may not be permitted on the basis of State
	law. Active enforcement of the current federal regulatory position on cannabis on a regional or national basis may directly and
	adversely affect the willingness of our end user customers to continue to grow cannabis. Active enforcement of the current federal
	regulatory position on cannabis may thus directly and adversely affect revenues.




	 





	Competition





	 




	Our
	Lighting Products segment currently faces competition from traditional lighting fixture companies, lamp manufacturers and from
	non-traditional companies focused on LED lighting systems including fixtures and lamps. Lighting companies such as Acuity Brands,
	Inc., the Cooper Lighting division of Eaton Corporation plc, General Electric Company, Hubbell Incorporated, Philips, OSRAM, Gavita,
	Sunlight Supply and Hydrofarm are the main competitors in this market. Increasingly, however, other companies (i.e., start-ups)
	are beginning to emerge in the LED lighting markets in which we compete. We compete on the basis of product features, quality,
	product availability and price.




	 




	Our
	LED lighting products will compete against traditional lighting products using incandescent, fluorescent, halogen, ceramic metal
	halide or other lighting technology. Our LED lighting products compete against traditional lighting products based upon superior
	energy savings, extended life, improved lighting quality and lower total cost of ownership. Also, our LED lighting products have
	a reduced impact on the environment as compared to fluorescent and compact fluorescent technologies that contain mercury.




	 




	We
	will also compete with LED-based products from traditional and non-traditional lamp and fixture companies, some of which are customers
	for our LED chips and LED components. Our products compete on the basis of color quality and consistency, superior light output,
	reduced energy consumption, brand and lower total cost of ownership.




	 





	Patents,
	trademarks, franchises, concessions, royalty agreements





	 




	We
	own number of trademarks and rely on a combination of copyright and trade secrets as well as confidentiality procedures and contractual
	provisions to protect our proprietary technology and our brand. We will rely on copyright laws to protect copy on our web site,
	www.solis-tek.com, and all marketing materials.




	 




	From
	time to time, we may encounter disputes over rights and obligations concerning intellectual property. Also, the efforts we have
	taken to protect our proprietary rights may not be sufficient or effective. Any significant impairment of our intellectual property
	rights could harm our business, our brand and reputation, or our ability to compete. Also, protecting our intellectual property
	rights could be costly and time consuming.




	 





	Employees





	 




	As
	of December 31, 2016, the Company has 15 full-time employees, employed by us in various capacities, including two Executive Officers,
	five in sales, four administrative, three in the warehouse, and one in research and development. In addition, from time to time,
	we employ temporary personal to meet the business needs.




	 







	 



	10



	 










	 







	 









	Item
	1A - RISK FACTORS.





	 





	RISK
	FACTORS





	 





	RISKS
	RELATED TO MARIJUANA LAWS





	 




	Our
	business is dependent on laws pertaining to the marijuana industry.




	 




	Continued
	development of the marijuana industry is dependent upon continued legislative authorization of marijuana at the state level. Any
	number of factors could slow or halt progress in this area. Further, progress, while encouraging, is not assured. While there
	may be ample public support for legislative action, numerous factors impact the legislative process. Any one of these factors
	could slow or halt use of marijuana, which would negatively impact our business.




	 




	Currently,
	there are twenty-eight States plus the District of Columbia that have laws and/or regulation that recognize in one form or another
	legitimate medical uses for cannabis and consumer use of cannabis in connection with medical treatment. In addition, the States
	of Colorado, Washington, California, Massachusetts, Alaska, Nevada and Oregon, as well as the District of Columbia, have recently
	approved the recreational use of cannabis. The State laws are in conflict with the Federal Controlled Substances Act, which makes
	marijuana use and possession illegal on a national level. The Trump Administration has indicated that it is not an efficient use
	of resources to direct law federal law enforcement agencies to prosecute those lawfully abiding by State-designated laws allowing
	the use and distribution of medical marijuana. However, there is no guarantee that the Trump Administration will not change its
	stated policy regarding the low-priority enforcement of federal laws. Additionally, any new administration that follows could
	change this policy and decide to enforce the federal laws strongly. Any such change in the federal government’s enforcement
	of current federal laws could cause significant financial damage to us and our shareholders.




	 





	Federal
	enforcement practices could change with respect to participants in the cannabis industry, which could adversely impact us. If
	the federal government were to change its practices, or were to expand its resources attacking providers in the cannabis industry,
	such action could have a materially adverse effect on our operations, our customers, or the sales of our products.





	 




	It
	is possible that additional Federal or state legislation could be enacted in the future that would prohibit our customers from
	selling cannabis, and if such legislation were enacted, such customers may discontinue the use of our services, our potential
	source of customers would be reduced, causing revenues to decline. Further, additional government disruption in the cannabis industry
	could cause potential customers and users to be reluctant to use our services, which would be detrimental to the Company.




	 




	We
	cannot predict the nature of any future laws, regulations, interpretations or applications, nor can we determine what effect additional
	governmental regulations or administrative policies and procedures, when and if promulgated, could have on our business.




	 





	Laws
	and regulations affecting the medical marijuana industry are constantly changing, which could detrimentally affect our proposed
	operations.





	 




	Local,
	state and federal medical marijuana laws and regulations are broad in scope and subject to evolving interpretations, which could
	require us to incur substantial costs associated with compliance or alter our business plan. In addition, violations of these
	laws, or allegations of such violations, could disrupt our business and result in a material adverse effect on its operations.
	In addition, it is possible that regulations may be enacted in the future that will be directly applicable to our proposed business.
	We cannot predict the nature of any future laws, regulations, interpretations or applications, nor can we determine what effect
	additional governmental regulations or administrative policies and procedures, when and if promulgated, could have on its business.




	 







	 



	11



	 









	 








	 






	RISKS
	RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS





	 





	Our
	manufacturing is concentrated with two key manufacturers, and if our relationship with either or both of them terminates or is
	otherwise impaired, we would likely experience increased costs, disruptions in the manufacture and shipment of our products and
	a material loss of net sales.





	 




	We
	have no long-term contracts with our manufacturers and as a result, our manufacturers could cease to provide products to us with
	no notice. Two of our manufacturers, Shenzhen Jayo Technologies Co., Ltd. and Zhuhai Relite Co., Ltd, together accounted for approximately
	96% of our cost of goods sold in 2016 and 2015, respectively. Each of these manufacturers is the sole source supplier for the
	products that it produces. We purchase from these two manufacturers on a purchase order basis with orders generally filled between
	45 and 60 days after our purchase order is placed. A loss of either or both of these manufacturers or other key manufacturers
	would result in delayed deliveries to our retailers and distributors, would adversely impact our net sales and may require the
	establishment of new manufacturing relationships. Additionally, we cannot be certain that we will not experience operational difficulties
	with our manufacturers, including reductions in the availability of production capacity, errors in complying with product specifications,
	insufficient quality control, failures to meet production deadlines, increases in manufacturing costs and increased lead times.




	 





	Risk
	of reliance on suppliers and manufacturers in China for production of our lighting related products.





	 




	All
	of our products are imported from and manufactured in China. For this reason, a major change in the political, economic and/or
	legal environment, or a natural disaster in China or another center of production, could have an impact on our ability to supply
	products.




	 





	We
	face business, political, operational, financial and economic risks because a portion of our net sales are generated internationally
	and substantially all of our products are manufactured outside of the United States.





	 




	We
	face business, political, operational, financial and economic risks inherent in international business, many of which are beyond
	our control, including: difficulties obtaining domestic and foreign export, import and other governmental approvals, permits and
	licenses, and compliance with foreign laws, which could halt, interrupt or delay our operations if we cannot obtain such approvals,
	permits and licenses, and that could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations; difficulties encountered by
	our international distributors or us in staffing and managing foreign operations or international sales, including higher labor
	costs, which could increase our expenses and decrease our net sales and profitability; transportation delays and difficulties
	of managing international distribution channels, which could halt, interrupt or delay our operations; longer payment cycles for,
	and greater difficulty collecting, accounts receivable, which could reduce our net sales and harm our financial results; trade
	restrictions, higher tariffs, currency fluctuations or the imposition of additional regulations relating to import or export of
	our products, especially in China, where substantially all of our products are manufactured, which could force us to seek alternate
	manufacturing sources or increase our expenses, either of which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations;
	political and economic instability, including wars, terrorism, political unrest, boycotts, curtailment of trade and other business
	restrictions, any of which could materially and adversely affect our net sales and results of operations; and natural disasters,
	which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.




	 




	Any
	of these factors could reduce our net sales, decrease our gross margin or increase our expenses. Should we establish our own operations
	in international territories where we currently utilize a distributor, we will become subject to greater risks associated with
	operating outside of the United States.




	 





	Any
	shortage of raw materials or components could impair our ability to ship orders of our products in a cost-efficient manner or
	could cause us to miss the delivery requirements of our retailers or distributors, which could harm our business.





	 




	The
	ability of our manufacturers to supply our products is dependent, in part, upon the availability of raw materials and certain
	components. Our manufacturers may experience shortages in the availability of raw materials or components, which could result
	in delayed delivery of products to us or in increased costs to us. Any shortage of raw materials or components or inability to
	control costs associated with manufacturing could increase the costs for our products or impair our ability to ship orders in
	a timely cost-efficient manner. As a result, we could experience cancellation of orders, refusal to accept deliveries or a reduction
	in our prices and margins, any of which could harm our financial performance and results of operations.




	 







	 



	12



	 









	 







	 





	Our
	business could suffer if any of our manufacturers fail to use acceptable labor practices.





	 




	We
	do not control our manufacturers or their labor practices. The violation of labor or other laws by a manufacturer utilized by
	us, or the divergence of an independent manufacturer’s labor practices from those generally accepted as ethical or legal
	in the United States, could damage our reputation or disrupt the shipment of finished products to us if such manufacturer is ordered
	to cease its manufacturing operations due to violations of laws or if such manufacturer’s operations are adversely affected
	by such failure to use acceptable labor practices. If this were to occur, it could have a material adverse effect on our financial
	condition and results of operations.




	 





	Foreign
	currency risk





	 




	For
	most products imported for our core business, transactions are conducted in U.S. dollars. Many major movements in exchange rates
	that persist for prolonged periods could have an adverse impact on our business results.




	 





	We
	may elect from time to time to make changes to our pricing, service, hiring and marketing decisions that could increase our expenses,
	affect our revenues and impact our financial results.





	 




	Because
	our expense levels in any given quarter are based, in part, on management’s expectations regarding future revenues, if revenues
	are below expectations, the effect on our operating results may be magnified by our inability to adjust spending in a timely manner
	to compensate for a shortfall in revenues. The extent to which expenses are not subsequently followed by increased revenues would
	harm our operating results and could seriously impair our business.




	 




	If
	we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow from operations or are unable to obtain additional equity or debt financing, to
	meet our working capital requirements, we may have to curtail our business operations sharply or cease business altogether.




	 





	We
	have a relatively short operating history on which to evaluate our potential for future success. This makes it difficult to evaluate
	our future prospects and the risk of success or failure of our business.





	 




	We
	incorporated in June of 2010 and your evaluation of our business and prospects will be based on our limited history. Consequently,
	our short history and results of operations may not give you an accurate indication of our future results of operations or prospects.
	You must consider our business and prospects in light of the risks and difficulties we will encounter as an early-stage company
	in a highly competitive market. We may not be able to successfully address these risks and difficulties, which could materially
	harm our business and operating results.




	 




	As
	we grow our business, we cannot guarantee our business strategies will be successful or that our revenues will ever increase sufficiently
	to achieve and maintain profitability on a quarterly or annual basis.




	 





	Defects
	or disruptions in the delivery if our service could diminish demand, decrease market acceptance or decrease customer satisfaction
	of our service and subject us to substantial liability.





	 




	We
	may, from time to time, find defects in our products service may be detected in the future. Any defects with our products could
	hurt our reputation and may damage our customers’ businesses. If that occurs, customers could elect not to renew, or delay
	or withhold payment to us, we could lose future sales, or, customers may make warranty or other claims against us, which could
	result in an increase in our provision for doubtful accounts, an increase in collection cycles for accounts receivable or the
	expense and risk of litigation.




	 







	 



	13



	 









	 







	 





	Our
	inability to effectively manage our growth could harm our business and materially and adversely affect our operating results and
	financial condition.





	 




	Our
	strategy envisions growing our business. We plan to expand our product, sales, administrative and marketing organizations. Any
	growth in or expansion of our business is likely to continue to place a strain on our management and administrative resources,
	infrastructure and systems. As with other growing businesses, we expect that we will need to further refine and expand our business
	development capabilities, our systems and processes and our access to financing sources. We also will need to hire, train, supervise
	and manage new employees. These processes are time consuming and expensive, will increase management responsibilities and will
	divert management attention. We cannot assure you that we will be able to:




	 








	 








	●






	expand
	our products offerings effectively or efficiently or in a timely manner;








	 








	 








	 










	 








	●






	allocate
	our human resources optimally;








	 








	 








	 










	 








	●






	meet
	our capital needs;








	 








	 








	 










	 








	●






	identify
	and hire qualified employees or retain valued employees; or








	 








	 








	 










	 








	●






	incorporate
	effectively the components of any business or product line that we may acquire in our effort to achieve growth.






	 




	Our
	inability or failure to manage our growth and expansion effectively could harm our business and materially and adversely affect
	our operating results and financial condition.




	 





	Our
	operating results may fluctuate significantly based on customer acceptance of our products. As a result, period-to-period comparisons
	of our results of operations are unlikely to provide a good indication of our future performance.





	 




	Management
	expects that we will experience substantial variations in our net sales and operating results from quarter to quarter due to customer
	acceptance of our products. If customers do not accept our products, our sales and revenues will decline, resulting in a reduction
	in our operating income.




	 




	Customer
	interest for our products could also be impacted by the timing of our introduction of new products. If our competitors introduce
	new products around the same time that we issue new products, and if such competing products are superior to our own, customers’
	desire for our products could decrease, resulting in a decrease in our sales and revenues. To the extent that we introduce new
	products and customers decide not to migrate to our new products from our older products, our revenues could be negatively impacted
	due to the loss of revenue from those customers. In the event that our newer products do not sell as well as our older products,
	we could also experience a reduction in our revenues and operating income.




	 




	As
	a result of fluctuations in our revenue and operating expenses that may occur, management believes that period-to-period comparisons
	of our results of operations are unlikely to provide a good indication of our future performance.




	 





	If
	we do not successfully generate additional products and services, or if such products and services are developed but not successfully
	commercialized, we could lose revenue opportunities.





	 




	Our
	future success depends, in part, on our ability to expand our product offerings. To that end we have engaged in the process of
	identifying new product opportunities to provide additional products to our customers. The process of identifying and commercializing
	new products is complex and uncertain, and if we fail to accurately predict customers’ changing needs and emerging technological
	trends our business could be harmed. We may have to commit significant resources to commercializing new products before knowing
	whether our investments will result in products the market will accept. Furthermore, we may not execute successfully on commercializing
	those products because of errors in product planning or timing, technical hurdles that we fail to overcome in a timely fashion,
	or a lack of appropriate resources. This could result in competitors providing those solutions before we do and a reduction in
	net sales and earnings.




	 




	The
	success of new products depends on several factors, including proper new product definition, timely completion and introduction
	of these products, differentiation of new products from those of our competitors, and market acceptance of these products. There
	can be no assurance that we will successfully identify new product opportunities, develop and bring new products to market in
	a timely manner, or achieve market acceptance of our products or that products and technologies developed by others will not render
	our products or technologies obsolete or non-competitive.




	 







	 



	14



	 









	 







	 





	Our
	inability to effectively protect our intellectual property would adversely affect our ability to compete effectively, our revenue,
	our financial condition and our results of operations.





	 




	We
	may be unable to obtain intellectual property rights to effectively protect our technology. Our ability to compete effectively
	may be affected by the nature and breadth of our intellectual property rights. While we intend to defend against any threats to
	our intellectual property rights, there can be no assurance that any such actions will adequately protect our interests. If we
	are unable to secure intellectual property rights to effectively protect our technology, our revenue and earnings, financial condition,
	or results of operations would be adversely affected.




	 





	We
	may be adversely affected by the financial condition of our retailers and distributors.





	 




	Some
	of our retailers and distributors have experienced financial difficulties in the past. A retailer or distributor experiencing
	such difficulties will generally not purchase and sell as many of our products as it would under normal circumstances and may
	cancel orders. In addition, a retailer or distributor experiencing financial difficulties generally increases our exposure to
	uncollectible receivables. We extend credit to our retailers and distributors based on our assessment of their financial condition,
	generally without requiring collateral. While such credit losses have historically been within our reserves, we cannot assure
	you that this will continue to be the case. Financial difficulties on the part of our retailers or distributors could have a material
	adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.




	 





	Our
	industry is highly competitive and we have less capital and resources than many of our competitors, which may give them an advantage
	in developing and marketing products similar to ours or make our products obsolete.





	 




	We
	are involved in a highly competitive industry where we may compete with numerous other companies who offer alternative methods
	or approaches, who have far greater resources, more experience, and personnel perhaps more qualified than we do. Such resources
	may give our competitors an advantage in developing and marketing products similar to ours or products that make our products
	obsolete. There can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully compete against these other entities.




	 





	We
	will be required to attract and retain top quality talent to compete in the marketplace.





	 




	We
	believe our future growth and success will depend in part on our ability to attract and retain highly skilled managerial, product
	development, sales and marketing, and finance personnel. There can be no assurance of success in attracting and retaining such
	personnel. Shortages in qualified personnel could limit our ability to increase sales of existing products and launch new product
	and service offerings.




	 





	Our
	future success depends on our ability to grow and expand our customer base. Our failure to achieve such growth or expansion could
	materially harm our business.





	 




	To
	date, our revenue growth has been derived primarily from the sale of our products. Our success and the planned growth and expansion
	of our business depend on us achieving greater and broader acceptance of our products and expanding our customer base. There can
	be no assurance that customers will purchase our products or that we will continue to expand our customer base. If we are unable
	to effectively market or expand our product offerings, we will be unable to grow and expand our business or implement our business
	strategy. This could materially impair our ability to increase sales and revenue and materially and adversely affect our margins.




	 





	Weakened
	global economic conditions may adversely affect our industry, business and results of operations

	.




	 




	Our
	overall performance will depend, in part, on worldwide economic conditions. The United States and other key international economies
	have been impacted by falling demand for a variety of goods and services, restricted credit, going concern threats to major multinational
	companies and medium and small businesses, poor liquidity, reduced corporate profitability, volatility in credit, equity and foreign
	exchange markets and bankruptcies. These conditions affect the rate of information technology spending and could adversely affect
	our customers’ ability or willingness to purchase our proposed enterprise cloud computing application service, delay prospective
	customers’ purchasing decisions, reduce the value or duration of their subscription contracts, or affect renewal rates,
	all of which could adversely affect our operating results.




	 







	 



	15



	 









	 







	 





	If
	we experience significant fluctuations in our rate of anticipated growth and fail to balance our expenses with our revenue forecasts,
	our results could be harmed.





	 




	Due
	to our evolving business model, the unpredictability of new markets that we intend to enter and the unpredictability of future
	general economic and financial market conditions, we may not be able to accurately forecast our rate of growth. We plan our expense
	levels and investment on estimates of future revenue and future anticipated rate of growth. As a result, we expect that our revenues,
	operating results and cash flows may fluctuate significantly on a quarterly basis.




	 





	We
	may in the future be sued by third parties for alleged infringement of their proprietary rights.





	 




	The
	lighting industry are characterized by the existence of a large number of patents, trademarks and copyrights and by frequent litigation
	based on allegations of infringement or other violations of intellectual property rights. We may receive in the future communications
	from third parties claiming that we have infringed the intellectual property rights of others. We may in the future be, sued by
	third parties for alleged infringement of their proprietary rights. Our technologies may not be able to withstand any third-party
	claims against their use. The outcome of any litigation is inherently uncertain. Any intellectual property claims, whether with
	or without merit, could be time-consuming and expensive to resolve, could divert management attention from executing our business
	plan and could require us to change our technology, change our business practices and/or pay monetary damages or enter into short-
	or long-term royalty or licensing agreements which may not be available in the future at the same terms or at all. In addition,
	many of our subscription agreements require us to indemnify our customers for third-party intellectual property infringement claims,
	which would increase the cost to us of an adverse ruling on such a claim. Any adverse determination related to intellectual property
	claims or litigation could prevent us from offering our service to others, or could otherwise adversely affect our operating results
	or cash flows or both in a particular quarter.




	 





	Supporting
	a growing customer base could strain our personnel and corporate infrastructure, and if we are unable to scale our operations
	and increase productivity, we may not be able to successfully implement our business plan.





	 




	Our
	current Management and human resources infrastructure is comprised of our CEO, President and Executive Vice President and several
	outsourced consultants. Our success will depend, in part, upon the ability of our Management to manage our proposed business effectively.
	To do so, we will need to hire, train and manage new employees as needed. To manage the expected domestic growth of our operations
	and personnel, we will need to continue to improve our operational, financial and management controls and our reporting systems
	and procedures. If we fail to successfully scale our operations and increase productivity, we will be unable to execute our business
	plan.




	 





	We
	are dependent on our CEO, President and Executive Vice President, and the loss of one or more of these individuals could harm
	our business and prevent us from implementing our business plan in a timely manner.





	 




	Our
	success depends substantially upon the continued services of our executive officers and other key members of management, particularly
	our Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Financial Officer, and Executive Vice President (“EVP”). We have an
	Employment Agreement with our CEO. However we do not have employment agreements with our President and EVP. Our officers are “at
	will” employees and could terminate their employment with us at any time. We do not maintain key person life insurance policies
	on our CEO, President and EVP. The loss of the services of our CEO, President and EVP could seriously harm our business.




	 





	Failure
	to manage growth properly could seriously harm our business.





	 




	We
	have experienced, and may continue to experience, significant growth in our business. If we do not effectively manage our growth,
	the quality of our business may suffer, which could negatively affect our reputation and demand for our offerings. Our growth
	has placed, and is expected to continue to place, a significant strain on our managerial, administrative, operational, and financial
	resources and our infrastructure. Our future success will depend, in part, upon the ability of our senior management to manage
	growth effectively. Among other things, this will require us to: implement additional management information systems; further
	develop our operating, administrative, legal, financial, and accounting systems and controls; hire additional personnel; develop
	additional levels of management within our company; locate additional office space; maintain and improve coordination among our
	engineering, product, operations, legal, finance, sales, marketing, and customer service and support organizations; and manage
	our expanding international operations.




	 







	 



	16



	 









	 







	 




	Moreover,
	as our sales increase, we may be required to concurrently deploy our business infrastructure at multiple additional locations
	and/or provide increased levels of customization. As a result, we may lack the resources to deploy our products on a timely and
	cost-effective basis. Failure to accomplish any of these requirements could impair our ability to deliver our products in a timely
	fashion, fulfill existing customer commitments or attract and retain new customers.




	 





	Our
	ability to grow our business may depend on developing a positive brand reputation and member loyalty.





	 




	Establishing
	and maintaining a positive brand reputation and nurturing customer loyalty is critical to attracting new customers. We expect
	to expend reasonable but limited resources to develop, maintain and enhance our brand in the near future. In addition, nurturing
	customer loyalty will depend on our ability to provide high-quality products which we may not do successfully. If we are unable
	to maintain and enhance our brand reputation and customer loyalty, our ability to attract new marketplace participants will be
	harmed.




	 





	There
	can be no assurance that we will be able to compete against the numerous direct, indirect and partial competitors, many of which
	have valuable industry relationships and access to greater resources than we do.





	 




	Our
	retail and online distribution channels compete for customers and sales with many different companies and products that are competitive
	today and likely to be even more competitive in the future. Accordingly, it is essential that we continue to develop, improve
	and refine our products and the value propositions that are offered to customers.




	 




	We
	also face competition from other companies that offer equipment. Moreover, as the negative stigma associated with cannabis horticulture
	diminishes, it is very possible that other better capitalized public and private companies many enter the market and may effectively
	challenge the value proposition offered by us. These competitors may be able to attract customers more easily because of their
	financial resources. Our larger competitors can also devote substantially more resources to business development and may adopt
	more aggressive pricing policies. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in accomplishing our business initiatives,
	or that we will be able to maintain significant levels of revenues, or recognize net income, from the sale of our products and
	services.




	 





	We
	do not anticipate paying dividends in the foreseeable future.





	 




	We
	anticipate that we will retain all future earnings and other cash resources for the future operation and development of our business
	and we do not intend to declare or pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Future payment of cash dividends will be
	at the discretion of our board of directors after taking into account many factors, including our operating results, financial
	condition and capital requirements. Corporations that pay dividends may be viewed as a better investment than corporations that
	do not.




	 





	We
	are dependent to some extent on our Chief Technology Consultant for new and improved products.





	 




	The
	Company’s Chief Technology Consultant is GAS Technologies Incorporated (“GAST”). Should GAST or any other participating
	technology providers be unable to execute their portion of the development effort, new development of exclusive products of Solis
	Tek or any of its future plans could be delayed until a replacement is found.




	 





	Legal
	Contingencies.





	 




	From
	time to time, we may be involved in routine legal proceedings, as well as demands, claims and threatened litigation that arise
	in the normal course of our business. The ultimate amount of liability, if any, for any claims of any type (either alone or in
	the aggregate) may materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. In addition,
	the ultimate outcome of any litigation is uncertain. Any outcome, whether favorable or unfavorable, may materially and adversely
	affect us due to legal costs and expenses, diversion of management attention and other factors. We expense legal costs in the
	period incurred. We cannot assure you that additional contingencies of a legal nature or contingencies having legal aspects will
	not be asserted against us in the future, and these matters could relate to prior, current or future transactions or events. Except
	as described below, we are not currently a party to any material litigation.




	 







	 



	17



	 









	 







	 





	We
	may need to raise additional capital. If we are unable to raise additional capital, we may not be able to achieve our business
	plan.





	 




	We
	may need to raise additional funds through public or private debt or equity financings as well as obtain credit from vendors to
	be able to fully execute our business plan. Any additional capital raised through the sale of equity may dilute current shareholders’
	ownership interest. We may not be able to raise additional funds on favorable terms, or at all. If we are unable to obtain additional
	funds or credit from our vendors, we will be unable to execute our business plan and you could lose your investment. The Company
	has recently embarked on a Private Placement and there is no assurance that the Company will be able to fill the Private Placement
	effort.




	 





	We
	have limited protection of our intellectual property.





	 




	There
	can be no assurance that we will be able to adequately protect our trade secrets. In the event competitors independently develop
	or otherwise obtain access to our know-how, concepts or trade secrets, we may be adversely affected.




	 





	RISKS
	RELATED TO OWNERSHIP OF OUR COMMON STOCK





	 





	There
	is minimal active liquid trading market for the Company’s common stock.





	 




	The
	Company common stock is quoted on the OTCQB. However, there is minimal regular active trading market in the Company’s common
	stock, and we cannot give an assurance that a more active trading market will develop. If a more active market for the Company’s
	common stock develops, there is a significant risk that the Company’s stock price may fluctuate dramatically in the future
	in response to any of the following factors, some of which are beyond our control, such as:




	 








	 








	●






	Actual
	or anticipated variations in our operating results (including whether we have achieved our key business targets, and/or earnings
	estimates) and prospects;








	 








	 








	 










	 








	●






	Announcements
	of technological innovations by us or our competitors;








	 








	 








	 










	 








	●






	Announcements
	by us or our competitors of significant acquisitions, business achievements, strategic partnerships, joint ventures, or capital
	commitments;








	 








	 








	 










	 








	●






	Additions
	or departures of key personnel;








	 








	 








	 










	 








	●






	Introduction
	of new services by us or our competitors;








	 








	 








	 










	 








	●






	Sales
	of our common stock or other securities in the open market (particularly if overall trading volume is not high);








	 








	 








	 










	 








	●






	General
	market conditions and broader political and economic conditions;








	 








	 








	 










	 








	●






	Actual
	or anticipated monetization’s of our patents; and








	 








	 








	 










	 








	●






	Other
	events or factors, many of which are beyond our control.






	 







	 



	18



	 









	 







	 





	 






	Our
	board of directors has the authority to issue up to 5 million shares of “blank check” preferred stock. The issuance
	of any preferred stock may adversely affect the holders of common stock.





	 




	Our
	Certificate of Incorporation authorizes the issuance of up to 20,000,000 shares of preferred stock with designations, rights and
	preferences determined from time to time by its Board of Directors. Accordingly, our Board of Directors is empowered, without
	stockholder approval, to issue preferred stock with dividend, liquidation, conversion, voting, or other rights which could adversely
	affect the voting power or other rights of the holders of the common stock. In the event of issuance, the preferred stock could
	be utilized, under certain circumstances, as a method of discouraging, delaying or preventing a change in control of the Company.
	Although we have no present intention to issue any shares of our authorized preferred stock, there can be no assurance that the
	Company will not do so in the future.




	 





	Future
	issuance of our Common Stock could dilute the interests of existing shareholders.





	 




	We
	may issue additional shares of our Common Stock in the future. The issuance of a substantial amount of Common Stock could have
	the effect of substantially diluting the interests of our shareholders. In addition, the sale of a substantial amount of Common
	Stock in the public market, either in the initial issuance or in a subsequent resale by the target company in an acquisition which
	received such Common Stock as consideration or by investors who acquired such Common Stock in a private placement could have an
	adverse effect on the market price of our Common Stock. In the first quarter 2017, the Company issued 300,000 shares of common
	stock under a consulting agreement for services provided. The Company granted 5,411,765 common shares to Dennis G. Forchic, its
	new CEO in accordance to the terms of his Employment Agreement. An additional 784,314 shares of common stock was also issued to
	Dennis G. Forchic for a consideration of $100,000 under the terms of his Employment Agreement. The Company also issued 312,500
	shares under the terms of a Private Placement Offering for a consideration of $250,000.




	 





	We
	have no plans to pay dividends.





	 




	To
	date, we have paid no cash dividends on our common shares. For the foreseeable future, earnings generated from our operations
	will be retained for use in our business and not to pay dividends.




	 





	The
	application of the Securities and Exchange Commission’s “penny stock” rules to our Common Stock could limit
	trading activity in the market, and our shareholders may find it more difficult to sell their stock.





	 




	It
	is expected our Common Stock will be trading at less than $5.00 per share and is therefore subject to the SEC penny stock rules.
	Penny stocks generally are equity securities with a price of less than $5.00. Penny stock rules require a broker-dealer, prior
	to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from the rules, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document that
	provides information about penny stocks and the risks in the penny stock market. The broker-dealer also must provide the customer
	with current bid and offer quotations for the penny stock, the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction,
	and monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer’s account. The broker-dealer
	must also make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the
	purchaser’s written agreement to the transaction. These requirements may have the effect of reducing the level of trading
	activity, if any, in the secondary market for a security that becomes subject to the penny stock rules. The additional burdens
	imposed upon broker-dealers by such requirements may discourage broker-dealers from effecting transactions in our securities,
	which could severely limit their market price and liquidity of our securities. These requirements may restrict the ability of
	broker-dealers to sell our Common Stock and may affect your ability to resell our Common Stock.




	 





	If
	we are unable to establish appropriate internal financial reporting controls and procedures, it could cause us to fail to meet
	our reporting obligations, result in the restatement of our financial statements, harm our operating results, subject us to regulatory
	scrutiny and sanction, cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information and have a negative effect on
	the market price for shares of our Common Stock.





	 




	Effective
	internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and to effectively prevent fraud. We maintain a system
	of internal control over financial reporting, which is defined as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our principal
	executive officer and principal financial officer, or persons performing similar functions, and effected by our board of directors,
	management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
	of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.




	 




	As
	a public company, we have significant requirements for enhanced financial reporting and internal controls. We will be required
	to document and test our internal control procedures in order to satisfy the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
	Act of 2002, which requires annual management assessments of the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting.
	The process of designing and implementing effective internal controls is a continuous effort that requires us to anticipate and
	react to changes in our business and the economic and regulatory environments and to expend significant resources to maintain
	a system of internal controls that is adequate to satisfy our reporting obligations as a public company.




	 







	 



	19



	 









	 







	 




	We
	cannot assure you that we will not, in the future, identify areas requiring improvement in our internal control over financial
	reporting. We cannot assure you that the measures we will take to remediate any areas in need of improvement will be successful
	or that we will implement and maintain adequate controls over our financial processes and reporting in the future as we continue
	our growth. If we are unable to establish appropriate internal financial reporting controls and procedures, it could cause us
	to fail to meet our reporting obligations, result in the restatement of our financial statements, harm our operating results,
	subject us to regulatory scrutiny and sanction, cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information and have
	a negative effect on the market price for shares of our Common Stock.




	 





	Lack
	of experience as officers of publicly-traded companies of our management team may hinder our ability to comply with Sarbanes-Oxley
	Act.





	 




	It
	may be time consuming, difficult and costly for us to develop and implement the internal controls and reporting procedures required
	by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. We may need to hire additional financial reporting, internal controls and other finance staff or consultants
	in order to develop and implement appropriate internal controls and reporting procedures.




	 





	We
	will incur increased costs as a public company which may affect our profitability.





	 




	Solis
	Tek Inc. previously operated as a private company in California. As a public company, we incur significant legal, accounting and
	other expenses. We are subject to the SEC’s rules and regulations relating to public disclosure. SEC disclosures generally
	involve a substantial expenditure of financial resources. Compliance with these rules and regulations will significantly increase
	our legal and financial compliance costs and some activities will become more time-consuming and costly. Management may need to
	increase compensation for senior executive officers, engage additional senior financial officers who are able to adopt financial
	reporting and control procedures, allocate a budget for an investor and public relations program, and increase our financial and
	accounting staff in order to meet the demands and financial reporting requirements as a public reporting company. Such additional
	personnel, public relations, reporting and compliance costs may negatively impact our financial results.




	 





	Public
	company compliance may make it more difficult to attract and retain officers and directors.





	 




	The
	Sarbanes-Oxley Act and rules implemented by the SEC require changes in corporate governance practices of public companies. As
	a public company, these rules and regulations increase our compliance costs and make certain activities more time consuming and
	costly. As a public company, these rules and regulations make it more difficult and expensive for us to obtain director and officer
	liability insurance in the future and we may be required to accept reduced policy limits and coverage or incur substantially higher
	costs to obtain the same or similar coverage. As a result, it may be more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified persons
	to serve on our board of directors or as executive officers.




	 





	Because
	our directors and executive officers are among our largest shareholders, they can exert significant control over our business
	and affairs and have actual or potential interests that may depart from those of shareholders.





	 




	Our
	directors and executive officers own or control a significant percentage of the Common Stock. Additionally, the holdings of our
	directors and executive officers may increase in the future if they otherwise acquire additional shares of our Common Stock. The
	interests of such persons may differ from the interests of our other shareholders. As a result, in addition to their board seats
	and offices, such persons will have significant influence over and control all corporate actions requiring shareholder approval,
	irrespective of how the Company’s other shareholders, including purchasers in the Offering, may vote, including the following
	actions:




	 








	 








	●






	to
	elect or defeat the election of our directors;








	 








	 








	 










	 








	●






	to
	amend or prevent amendment of our Certificate of Incorporation or By-laws;






	 









	 



	20



	 









	 







	 








	 








	●






	to
	effect or prevent a merger, sale of assets or other corporate transaction; and








	 








	 








	 










	 








	●






	to
	control the outcome of any other matter submitted to our shareholders for vote.






	 




	Such
	persons’ stock ownership may discourage a potential acquirer from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to obtain
	control of the Company, which in turn could reduce our stock price or prevent our shareholders from realizing a premium over our
	stock price.





	 









	ITEM
	2. DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY.





	 




	The
	Company does not own any real property. Our principal executive offices and warehouse are located at 16926 S. Keegan Avenue, Unit
	A, Carson, California. We occupy the 19,060 square foot facility pursuant to a lease with an independent party ending on August
	31, 2017, with an unaffiliated party, pursuant to which we pay $9,339 per month in rental charges.




	 




	On
	October 1, 2014, our wholly owned subsidiary, Solis Tek East, Corporation executed a lease with an independent party for a 10,160
	square foot offices and warehouse facilities located at 89 Leuning Street, Unit D2, South Hackensack New Jersey. The lease, with
	an unaffiliated party, is for the five year period ending on December 31, 2019, pursuant to which Solis Tek East, Corporation
	pays $8,818 per month in rental charges. The Company has guaranteed Solis Tek East, Corporation’s performance under the
	lease.





	 









	ITEM
	3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS.





	 




	We
	know of no material, existing or pending legal proceedings against our company, nor are we involved as a plaintiff in any material
	proceeding or pending litigation. There are no proceedings in which any of our directors, officers or affiliates, or any registered
	or beneficial stockholder, is an adverse party or has a material interest adverse to our interest.





	 









	ITEM
	4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS.





	 




	None.




	 







	 



	21



	 











	 







	 









	PART
	II





	 









	ITEM
	5. MARKET FOR COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND SMALL BUSINESS ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES.





	 




	Our
	common stock is quoted on the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority’s OTCQB under the symbol “SLTK”. The following
	quotations obtained from Yahoo! Finance reflect the highs and low bids for our common stock based on inter-dealer prices, without
	retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not represent actual transactions.




	 




	The
	high and low bid prices of our common stock for the previous two fiscal years are as follows:




	 








	Quarter
	Ended




	 




	High




	 




	 




	Low




	 






	31-Dec-16




	 




	$




	0.77




	 




	 




	$




	0.25




	 






	30-Sep-16




	 




	$




	0.50




	 




	 




	$




	0.50




	 






	30-Jun-16




	 




	$




	0.50




	 




	 




	$




	0.50




	 






	31-Mar-16




	 




	$




	1.00




	 




	 




	$




	0.20




	 






	31-Dec-15




	 




	$




	2.00




	 




	 




	$




	0.30




	 






	30-Sep-15




	 




	$




	2.00




	 




	 




	$




	2.00




	 






	30-Jun-15




	 




	$




	2.00




	 




	 




	$




	2.00




	 






	31-Mar-15




	 




	$




	2.00




	 




	 




	$




	2.00




	 







	 




	On
	March 29, 2017, the closing high and low bid prices for our common stock was $1.30.




	 






	Transfer
	Agent






	 




	Our
	Transfer Agent and Registrar for our common stock is Action Stock Transfer Corp., 2469 E. Fort Union Blvd., Suite 214, Salt Lake
	City, UT. 84121.




	 






	Holders
	of Common Stock






	 




	As
	of December 31, 2016, there were approximately 85 shareholders of record holding a total of 29,659,498 shares of Common Stock.
	The holders of the Common Stock are entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters submitted to a vote of shareholders.
	Holders of the Common Stock have no preemptive rights and no right to convert their Common Stock into any other securities. There
	are no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to the Common Stock.




	 






	Dividends






	 




	We
	have not declared any cash dividends since inception and do not anticipate paying any dividends in the foreseeable future. The
	payment of dividends is within the discretion of the Board of Directors and will depend on the Company’s earnings, capital
	requirements, financial condition and other relevant factors. There are no restrictions that currently limit the Registrant’s
	ability to pay dividends on its Common Stock other than those generally imposed by applicable state law.





	 









	ITEM
	6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA.





	 




	As
	a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide the information required by this Item.





	 









	ITEM
	7.

	-

	Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations





	 





	The
	following discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated
	financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this report. This discussion contains forward-looking statements
	that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. See “Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements.” Our actual results
	could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors discussed in “Risk
	Factors” and elsewhere in this report.





	 




	The
	following discussion and analysis of the Company’s financial condition and results of operations is based on the preparation
	of our financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. You should read this discussion
	and analysis together with such financial statements and the related notes thereto.




	 





	Critical
	Accounting Policies and Estimates





	 




	Management’s
	discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based on our financial statements, which have
	been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The preparation of these financial
	statements requires management to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues
	and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. On an ongoing basis, management evaluates its estimates,
	including those related to impairment of long-lived assets, including finite lived intangible assets, accrued liabilities, fair
	value of warrant derivatives and certain expenses. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions
	that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying
	values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ materially from these
	estimates under different assumptions or conditions.




	 




	Our
	significant accounting policies are more fully described in Note 1 to our financial statements. The preparation of financial statements
	in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates
	and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses, and the related disclosures of
	contingent assets and liabilities. Actual results could differ from those estimates under different assumptions or conditions.
	We believe that the following critical accounting policies are subject to estimates and judgments used in the preparation of our
	consolidated financial statements:




	 






	Allowance
	for Doubtful Accounts






	 




	The
	allowance for doubtful accounts is based on the Company’s assessment of the collectability of customer accounts. The Company
	regularly reviews the allowance by considering factors such as historical experience, the age of the accounts receivable balances,
	credit quality, economic conditions that may affect a customer’s ability to pay and expected default frequency rates. Trade
	receivables are written off at the point when they are considered uncollectible.




	 







	 



	22



	 









	 







	 






	Inventories






	 




	The
	Company provides inventory reserves based on excess and obsolete inventories determined primarily by historical sales and future
	demand forecasts. The write down amount is measured as the difference between the cost of the inventory and market based upon
	assumptions about future demand and charged to the provision for inventory, which is a component of cost of sales. At the point
	of the loss recognition, a new, lower cost basis for that inventory is established, and subsequent changes in facts and circumstances
	do not result in the restoration or increase in that newly established cost basis.




	 






	Inventories
	under warranty claims






	 




	In
	the ordinary course of business, the Company receives product returns from its customers. The product returns are almost entirely
	ballasts. Since its inception, the Company has purchased its ballasts from two Chinese manufacturers and one of them (a related
	entity, see Note 5) offers a three year warranty on its products. Through December 31, 2016, that manufacturer was not able to
	repair the Company’s ballasts that have been returned under warranty as the Company could not return the products to the
	manufacturer’s facility due to Chinese customs reasons. As such, , the related party vendor issued the Company a credit
	memo for the entire amount of their returned product, totaling $453,778 and $653,118, in 2016 and 2015, respectively. The Company
	is planning to send the products to a free trade zone in Hong Kong or to another location in China, to repair, or replace, the
	defective products. As the manufacturer has issued the Company a credit for all of the defective product, the Company has not
	recorded a reserve on any of those products.




	 






	Results
	of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2016 compared to the year ended December 31, 2015






	 





	Revenue
	and Cost of Goods Sold





	 




	Revenue
	for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015 was $8,563,751 and $7,713,456, respectively, an, increase of $850,295, or 11%.
	The increase was primarily due to more market penetration within our hydroponic customers and commercial facilities during 2016,
	as compared to 2015.




	 






	Cost
	of sales for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, was $5,439,892 and $4,994,420, respectively. Gross profit for the years
	ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, was $3,123,859 and $2,719,036, respectively. The gross profit increase of $404,823 or 15% was
	primarily due to the increase in revenue.






	 





	Gross
	Margin





	 




	Gross
	margin for the year ended December 31, 2016 was $3,123,859 or 36.5% of sales compared to $2,719,036 or 35.3% of sales for the
	year ended December 31, 2015. The increase in gross margin of $404,823 was due to higher sales in 2016, while gross margin as
	a percentage of sales remained relatively consistent.




	 





	Research
	and Development Expenses





	 




	Research
	and development (“R&D”) expenses for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015 was $370,625 and $256,448, respectively,
	an increase of $114,177, or 45%. The increase in R&D expenses was mainly due to fair value of common stock issued to an employee.
	The R&D expenses was incurred for the improvement in existing products and development of new products.




	 





	Selling,
	General and Administrative Expenses





	 




	Selling,
	general and administrative (“SG&A”) expenses for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015 were $3,173,851 and
	$2,825,269, respectively, and increase of $348,582 or 12%. The increase in SG&A expenses was due primarily to the increase
	in travel, samples, outbound freight and trade shows to support the increased revenues and increase in bad debt expense




	 







	 



	23



	 









	 







	 





	Other
	Income and Expenses





	 




	Other
	expenses, net, for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015 was $117,293 and $309,443, respectively, a decrease of $192,150.
	For the year ended December 31, 2015 included an expense of $248,980 related to merger costs and was offset in part by an increase
	in interest costs in 2016 due to higher borrowings.




	 





	Loss
	before income taxes





	 




	Our
	loss before income taxes for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015 were $537,910 and $672,124, respectively. The decrease
	in loss before income tax of $134,214 was due to increase in gross profit, and decrease in other expenses and was offset in part
	by increase in operating expenses. In addition, in 2015, the Company was able to take advantage of a net operating loss carryback.




	 





	Net
	Loss





	 




	Our
	net loss for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015 was $538,710 and $553,022, respectively, a decrease of $14,312. The decrease
	in net loss was due to increase in gross profit, decrease in other expenses and offset in part by an increase in operating expenses.




	 







	Liquidity
	and Capital Resources





	 





	Cash
	and Liquidity






	 





	For
	the year ended December 31, 2016, the Company generated cash from operations of $580,634 compared to cash utilization in operations
	of $1,249,157 in 2015. During 2016, cash was mainly generated from reduction in inventory and was offset in part by cash utilized
	in increase in accounts receivable, increase in prepaid expenses, reduction in accounts payable and accrued expenses, and reduction
	due to related parties.




	 




	For
	the year ended December 31, 2016, the Company used $8,185 in investing activities, compared to $143,689 in 2015. In 2015, investing
	activities comprised mainly the purchase of property and equipment.




	 




	The
	net cash used in financing activities in 2016 was $402,982 compared to cash generation from financing activities of $1,090,166
	in 2015. In 2016, the Company paid down the line of credit of $600,000 and notes payable of $487,458 and it was financed through
	notes payable from related parties and operational cash generation.




	 




	We
	estimate the Company currently has sufficient cash and liquidity to meet its anticipated working capital for the next twelve months.




	 




	Historically,
	we have financed our operations primarily through private sales of common stock, a line of credit and loans from a third party
	financial institution related parties, and operations. We anticipate that our primary capital source will be positive cash flow
	from operations. If our sales goals do not materialize as planned, we believe that the Company can reduce its operating costs
	and achieve positive cash flow from operations. However, we may not generate sufficient revenues from product sales in the future
	to achieve profitable operations. If we are not able to achieve profitable operations at some point in the future, we may have
	insufficient working capital to maintain our operations as we presently intend to conduct them or to fund our expansion, marketing,
	and product development plans. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain such financing on acceptable terms, or
	at all.




	 




	On
	March 6, 2017, the Board of Directors of the Company authorized a Private Placement Offering per Reg. D of up to $1,650,000 in
	shares of common stock to accredited investors. (See Note 11 – Subsequent events). As of March 29, 2017, the Company has
	raised a total of $250,000 through an issuance of 312,500 shares under this offering.




	 




	N

	ew
	Accounting Standards





	 




	See
	Note 2 of the financial statements for a discussion of recent accounting pronouncements.




	 





	Off-Balance
	Sheet Arrangements





	 




	We
	do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial
	condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results or operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital
	resources that is material to investors.






	 









	ITEM
	7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK





	 




	We
	are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information under
	this item.




	 







	 



	24



	 










	 










	 










	ITEM
	8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTAL DATA





	 






	 





	Page








	PART
	I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION





	 






	 




	 







	Report
	of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm





	F-1







	Consolidated
	Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2016 and 2015





	F-2







	Consolidated
	Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2016 and 2015





	F-3







	Consolidated
	Statements of Shareholders’ Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2016 and 2015





	F-4







	Consolidated
	Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2016 and 2015





	F-5







	Notes
	to Consolidated Financial Statements





	F-6
	to F-17







	 








	 



	25



	 









	 








	 











	REPORT
	OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM






	 





	To
	the Board of Directors and Stockholders






	Solis
	Tek Inc.





	 




	We
	have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Solis Tek Inc. and Subsidiaries (the “Company”) as of
	December 31, 2016 and 2015, and the related consolidated statements of operations, shareholders’ equity and cash flows for
	the years then ended. The Company’s management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements. Our responsibility
	is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits.




	 




	We
	conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those
	standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements
	are free of material misstatement. The company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal
	control over financial reporting. Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for
	designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
	effectiveness of the company’s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit
	also includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing
	the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement
	presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.




	 




	In
	our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated
	financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2016 and 2015 and the consolidated results of their operations and cash flows
	for the years then ended in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.




	 







	Weinberg
	& Company, P.A.





	 






	Los
	Angeles, California




	 






	March
	31, 2017




	 






	 







	 


	F-

	1



	 










	 







	 







	Solis
	Tek Inc.








	Consolidated
	Balance Sheets





	 






	 




	 




	December
	31,




	 






	 




	 




	2016




	 




	 




	2015




	 






	ASSETS




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	CURRENT
	ASSETS




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Cash




	 




	$




	275,783




	 




	 




	$




	106,316




	 






	Accounts Receivable,
	net of allowance for doubtful accounts and returns




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	of $359,395 and $233,951




	 




	 




	628,691




	 




	 




	 




	560,974




	 






	Inventories




	 




	 




	2,880,804




	 




	 




	 





	3,819,859





	 






	Inventories under warranty
	claims - related party




	 




	 




	-




	 




	 




	 




	75,621




	 






	Advances to suppliers




	 




	 




	-




	 




	 




	 




	22,420




	 






	Prepaid expenses and
	other current assets




	 




	 




	72,531




	 




	 




	 




	10,241




	 






	Income tax receivable




	 




	 




	2,578




	 




	 




	 




	75,390




	 






	Total
	current assets




	 




	 




	3,860,387




	 




	 




	 




	4,670,821




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Property and equipment,
	net




	 




	 




	204,936




	 




	 




	 




	267,701




	 






	Other assets




	 




	 




	32,071




	 




	 




	 




	32,071




	 






	TOTAL
	ASSETS




	 




	$




	4,097,394




	 




	 




	$




	4,970,593




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	LIABILITIES
	AND SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	CURRENT
	LIABILITIES




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Accounts payable and
	accrued expenses




	 




	$




	552,057




	 




	 




	$




	564,445




	 






	Due to related party
	vendor




	 




	 




	1,083,764




	 




	 




	 




	1,171,754




	 






	Note payable - related
	parties




	 




	 




	265,000




	 




	 




	 




	255,000




	 






	Amount due to related
	parties




	 




	 




	134,086




	 




	 




	 




	127,265




	 






	Capital lease obligations,
	current portion




	 




	 




	13,711




	 




	 




	 




	12,807




	 






	Loans payable, current
	portion




	 




	 




	8,262




	 




	 




	 




	349,089




	 






	Line of credit




	 




	 




	-




	 




	 




	 




	600,000




	 






	Total
	Current Liabilities




	 




	 




	2,056,880




	 




	 




	 




	3,080,360




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Capital lease obligations,
	net of current portion




	 




	 




	9,665




	 




	 




	 




	23,413




	 






	Loans  payable,
	net of current portion




	 




	 




	25,958




	 




	 




	 




	34,219




	 






	Notes  payable
	related parties, net of current portion




	 




	 




	600,000




	 




	 




	 




	-




	 






	Total
	liabilities




	 




	 




	2,692,503




	 




	 




	 




	3,137,992




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Shareholders’
	Equity




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Preferred stock, no
	par value, 20,000,000 shares authorized; no




	 




	 




	-




	 




	 




	 




	-




	 






	shares issued and outstanding




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 







	Common stock, $0.0001 par
	value, 100,000,000 shares authorized;





	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	29,721,998 and 29,576,998
	shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively




	 




	 




	 2,972




	 




	 




	 




	2,958




	 






	Additional paid-in-capital




	 




	 




	2,822,592




	 




	 




	 




	2,711,606




	 






	Accumulated deficit




	 




	 




	(1,420,673




	)




	 




	 




	(881,963




	)






	Total
	Shareholders’ Equity




	 




	 




	1,404,891




	 




	 




	 




	1,832,601




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	TOTAL
	LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY




	 




	$




	4,097,394




	 




	 




	$




	4,970,593




	 








	 








	 


	F-

	2



	 









	 








	 








	Solis
	Tek Inc.








	Consolidated
	Statements of Operations





	 






	 




	 




	Years
	ended December 31,




	 






	 




	 




	2016




	 




	 




	2015




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Sales




	 




	$




	8,563,751




	 




	 




	$




	7,713,456




	 






	Cost of goods sold (including $3,474,012
	and $3,014,951




	 




	 




	5,439,892




	 




	 




	 




	4,994,420




	 






	from related party)




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Gross profit




	 




	 




	3,123,859




	 




	 




	 




	2,719,036




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Operating expenses




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Selling, general
	and administrative expenses




	 




	 




	3,173,851




	 




	 




	 




	2,825,269




	 






	Research and development




	 




	 




	370,625




	 




	 




	 




	256,448




	 






	Total operating expenses




	 




	 




	3,544,476




	 




	 




	 




	3,081,717




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Loss from operations




	 




	 




	(420,617




	)




	 




	 




	(362,681




	)






	Other income (expenses)




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Interest expense
	(including $56,626 and $15,784 to related parties)




	 




	 




	(96,470




	)




	 




	 




	(60,463




	)






	Interest income




	 




	 




	4,500




	 




	 




	 




	-




	 






	Other income (expenses)




	 




	 




	(25,323




	)




	 




	 




	(248,980




	)






	Total other income (expenses)




	 




	 




	(117,293




	)




	 




	 




	(309,443




	)






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Loss before income taxes




	 




	 




	(537,910




	)




	 




	 




	(672,124




	)






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Provision (benefit)
	for income taxes




	 




	 




	800




	 




	 




	 




	(119,102




	)






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	NET LOSS




	 




	$




	(538,710




	)




	 




	$




	(553,022




	)






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	BASIC AND DILUTED
	LOSS PER SHARE




	 




	$




	(0.02




	)




	 




	$




	(0.02




	)






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	WEIGHTED - AVERAGE COMMON SHARES OUTSTANDING BASIC AND DILUTED




	 




	 



	29,632,824



	 




	 




	 




	29,576,998




	 







	 




	The
	accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




	 







	 


	F-

	3



	 









	 








	 








	Solis
	Tek Inc.








	Consolidated
	Statements of Shareholders’ Equity





	 






	 




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	Additional




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	 




	 





	Common
	Stock





	 




	 




	Paid-in




	 




	 




	Accumulated




	 




	 




	 




	 






	 




	 





	Shares





	 




	 




	Amount




	 




	 




	Capital




	 




	 




	Deficit




	 




	 




	Total




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Balance, December 31, 2014




	 




	 




	24,574,968




	 




	 




	 




	2,457




	 




	 




	 




	1,880,568




	 




	 




	 




	(328,941




	)




	 




	 




	1,554,084




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Net proceeds from the sale of common
	stock




	 




	 




	1,612,032




	 




	 




	 




	161




	 




	 




	 




	805,839




	 




	 




	 




	-




	 




	 




	 




	806,000




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Issuance of common stock upon reverse
	merger




	 




	 




	3,364,998




	 




	 




	 




	337




	 




	 




	 




	(15




	)




	 




	 




	-




	 




	 




	 




	322




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Fair value of common stock issued for
	services




	 




	 




	-




	 




	 




	 




	-




	 




	 




	 




	15,217




	 




	 




	 




	-




	 




	 




	 




	15,217




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Issuance of common stock for repayment
	of  accounts payable




	 




	 




	25,000




	 




	 




	 




	3




	 




	 




	 




	9,997




	 




	 




	 




	-




	 




	 




	 




	10,000




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Net loss for
	the year ended December 31, 2015




	 




	 




	-




	 




	 




	 




	-




	 




	 




	 




	-




	 




	 




	 




	(553,022




	)




	 




	 




	(553,022




	)






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Balance, December 31, 2015




	 




	 




	29,576,998




	 




	 




	 




	2,958




	 




	 




	 




	2,711,606




	 




	 




	 




	(881,963




	)




	 




	 




	1,832,601




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Fair value of common stock issued to
	employees




	 




	 




	145,000




	 




	 




	 




	14




	 




	 




	 




	110,986




	 




	 




	 




	-




	 




	 




	 




	111,000




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Net loss for
	the year ended December 31, 2016




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	(538,710




	)




	 




	 




	(538,710




	)






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Balance, December
	31, 2016




	 




	 




	29,721,998




	 




	 




	$




	2,972




	 




	 




	$




	2,822,592




	 




	 




	$




	(1,420,673




	)




	 




	$




	1,404,891




	 







	 




	The
	accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




	 







	 


	F-

	4



	 









	 








	 








	Solis
	Tek Inc.








	Consolidated
	Statements of Cash Flows





	 






	 




	 




	Years
	ended December 31




	 






	 




	 




	2016




	 




	 




	2015




	 






	Cash
	Flows from Operating Activities




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Net Loss




	 




	$




	(538,710




	)




	 




	$




	(553,022




	)






	Adjustments to reconcile
	net loss to net cash used in operating activities




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Provision for bad debt
	expense




	 




	 




	214,416




	 




	 




	 




	89,854




	 






	Depreciation and amortization




	 




	 




	70,950




	 




	 




	 




	51,118




	 






	Amortization of loan
	fees




	 




	 




	28,370




	 




	 




	 




	11,630




	 






	Fair value of common
	stock issued for services




	 




	 




	111,000




	 




	 




	 




	15,217




	 






	Fair value of common
	stock issued for repayment accounts payable




	 




	 




	-




	 




	 




	 




	10,000




	 






	Changes
	in Assets and Liabilities




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	(Increase)
	Decrease in:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Accounts receivable




	 




	 




	(282,133




	)




	 




	 




	(160,466




	)






	Inventories




	 




	 





	939,055





	 




	 




	 




	(2,068,498




	)






	Inventories Under Warranty
	Claims




	 




	 





	75,621





	 




	 




	 




	228,014




	 






	Advances to suppliers




	 




	 




	22,420




	 




	 




	 




	9,072




	 






	Prepaid expenses and
	other




	 




	 




	(62,290




	)




	 




	 




	6,912




	 






	Income taxes receivable




	 




	 




	72,812




	 




	 




	 




	24,426




	 






	Other assets




	 




	 




	-




	 




	 




	 




	(1,649




	)






	(Decrease)
	Increase in:




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Accounts pable and
	accrued expenses




	 




	 




	(12,388




	)




	 




	 




	336,046




	 






	Due to related parties




	 




	 




	(87,990




	)




	 




	 




	1,033,559




	 






	Interest expense on
	notes payable to officers




	 




	 




	29,501




	 




	 




	 




	15,784




	 






	Customer deposits




	 




	 




	-




	 




	 




	 




	(11,970




	)






	Income taxes payable




	 




	 




	-




	 




	 




	 




	(285,184




	)






	Net
	cash provided by (used in) operating activities




	 




	 




	580,634




	 




	 




	 




	(1,249,157




	)






	Cash
	Flows from Investing Activities




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Cash acquired in reverse
	merger




	 




	 




	-




	 




	 




	 




	322




	 






	Purchase
	of property and equipment




	 




	 




	(8,185




	)




	 




	 




	(144,011




	)






	Net
	cash used in investing activities




	 




	 




	(8,185




	)




	 




	 




	(143,689




	)






	Cash
	Flows from Financing Activities




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Net proceeds from sale
	of common stock




	 




	 




	-




	 




	 




	 




	806,000




	 






	Payments on capital
	lease obligations




	 




	 




	(12,844




	)




	 




	 




	(13,889




	)






	Payment on line of
	credit




	 




	 




	(600,000




	)




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Proceeds from loans
	payable




	 




	 




	110,000




	 




	 




	 




	500,000




	 






	Payments on loans payable




	 




	 




	(487,458




	)




	 




	 




	(172,415




	)






	Proceeds from notes
	payable related parties




	 




	 




	610,000




	 




	 




	 




	-




	 






	Payments
	on amounts due to related parties




	 




	 




	(22,680




	)




	 




	 




	(29,530




	)






	Net
	cash provided by (used in) financing activities




	 




	 




	(402,982




	)




	 




	 




	1,090,166




	 






	Net increase (decrease)
	in cash




	 




	 




	169,467




	 




	 




	 




	(302,680




	)






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Cash beginning of period




	 




	 




	106,316




	 




	 




	 




	408,996




	 






	Cash end of period




	 




	$




	275,783




	 




	 




	$




	106,316




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Interest paid




	 




	$




	8,989




	 




	 




	$




	33,049




	 






	Taxes
	(refund)  paid




	 




	$




	(79,315




	)




	 




	$




	200,748




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Non-cash
	transactions




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Purchase of property
	through loan payable




	 




	$




	-




	 




	 




	$




	44,093




	 







	 




	The
	accompanying notes are integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




	 







	 


	F-

	5



	 









	 








	 






	SOLIS
	TEK INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES









	NOTES
	TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




	FOR
	THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2016 AND 2015




	 





	NOTE
	1 – BASIS OF PRESENTATION





	 





	History
	and Organization





	 




	Solis
	Tek Inc. (the “Company”) was originally incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada on March 2, 2007 as Cinjet,
	Inc. (“Cinjet”). Effective September 1, 2015, Cinjet changed its corporate name to Solis Tek Inc. On June 23, 2015,
	the Company entered into an Agreement of Merger and Plan of Reorganization (the “Agreement”) with Solis Tek Inc.,
	a California corporation (“STI”), and CJA Acquisition Corp., a California corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary
	of the Company (“Merger Sub”), providing for the merger of Merger Sub with and into STI (the “Merger”),
	with STI surviving the Merger as a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. The Merger Agreement was approved by the Company’s
	Board of Directors and the sole Director of the Company, effective June 23, 2015. The Merger closed on June 23, 2015.




	 




	At
	the effective time of the Merger, each share of STI common stock issued and outstanding was converted automatically into the right
	to receive .166 shares of the common stock of the Company, with an aggregate of 26,187,000 shares of the Company’s common
	stock issued to the former shareholders of STI.




	 




	Upon
	the closing of the Merger, STI paid a total of $22,500 to four shareholders of the Company for the cancellation of a total of
	61,297,002 shares of the Company’s common stock. Also at the closing of the Merger, STI paid $198,100 to the Company to
	settle and pay liabilities of $405,932, which represented all of the then current liabilities of the Company. After the closing,
	a total of 29,551,998 shares of the Company were outstanding.




	 




	Upon
	completion of the Merger, the former stockholders of STI owned approximately 89% of the outstanding shares of the Company’s
	common stock and the holders of the outstanding shares of the Company’s common stock prior to the Merger owned the balance.
	As the former owners and management of STI have voting and operating control of the Company after the Merger, the transaction
	has been accounted for as a recapitalization with the STI deemed the acquiring companies for accounting purposes, and the Company
	deemed the legal acquirer. Due to the change in control, the consolidated financial statements reflect the historical results
	of STI prior to the Merger, and that of the combined company following the Merger. Common stock and the corresponding capital
	amounts of the Company pre-Merger have been retroactively restated as capital stock shares reflecting the exchange ratio in the
	Merger. No step-up in basis or intangible assets or goodwill will be recorded in this transaction and the cash paid by the Company
	of $248,980 (including $28,380 of transaction costs) has been reflected as a cost of the transaction.




	 





	Overview
	of Business





	 




	The
	Company is an importer, distributer and marketer of digital lighting equipment for the hydroponics industry. Using certain of
	its proprietary technologies, the Company provides innovative aptitudes with its ballast, reflector and lamp products. The Company’s
	customers include retail stores, distributors and commercial growers in the United States and abroad.




	 





	Cash
	and Liquidity





	 




	The
	accompanying financial statements have been prepared under the assumption that the Company will continue as a going concern. Such
	assumption contemplates the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. For the year
	ended December 31, 2016, the Company recorded a net loss of $538,710 and generated cash from operations of $580,634.




	 







	 


	F-

	6



	 









	 







	 





	SOLIS
	TEK INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES





	NOTES
	TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




	FOR
	THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2016 AND 2015




	 




	We
	estimate the Company currently has sufficient cash and liquidity to meet its anticipated working capital for the next twelve months.




	 




	Historically,
	we have financed our operations primarily through private sales of common stock, a line of credit and loans from a third party
	financial institution, related parties, and operations. We anticipate that our primary capital source will be positive cash flow
	from operations. If our sales goals do not materialize as planned, we believe that the Company can reduce its operating costs
	and achieve positive cash flow from operations. However, we may not generate sufficient revenues from product sales in the future
	to achieve profitable operations. If we are not able to achieve profitable operations at some point in the future, we may have
	insufficient working capital to maintain our operations as we presently intend to conduct them or to fund our expansion, marketing,
	and product development plans. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain such financing on acceptable terms, or
	at all.




	 





	NOTE
	2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES





	 





	Basis
	of Consolidation





	 




	The
	consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly owned subsidiaries Solis Tek East Corporation
	(“STE”), an entity incorporated under the laws of the State of New Jersey and GrowPro Solutions, Inc. (“GrowPro”),
	and entity incorporated under the laws of the State of California. Intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated
	in consolidation.




	 





	Stock
	Split





	 




	On
	July 7, 2015, the Company’s shareholders authorized its Board of Directors to effectuate a stock split of the Company’s
	issued and outstanding shares of common stock at a ratio of 6-for-1 (the “Stock Split”), which was ultimately declared
	effective by the Board of Directors as of the close of business on September 1, 2015. As a result of the Stock Split, every one
	issued and outstanding share of the Company’s common stock was changed and converted into six shares of common stock. All
	share related information presented in these financial statements and accompanying footnotes has been retroactively adjusted to
	reflect the reduced number of shares resulting from this action.




	 





	Loss
	per Share Calculations





	 




	Basic
	earnings per share are computed by dividing income available to common shareholders by the weighted-average number of common shares
	available. Diluted earnings per share is computed similar to basic earnings per share except that the denominator is increased
	to include the number of additional common shares that would have been outstanding if the potential common shares had been issued
	and if the additional common shares were dilutive. Weighted average number of shares outstanding has been retroactively restated
	for the equivalent number of shares received by the accounting acquirer as a result of the reverse merger as if these shares had
	been outstanding as of the beginning of the earliest period presented.




	 




	The
	Company’s diluted loss per share is the same as the basic loss per share for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015,
	as the Company has no outstanding equity instruments other than its outstanding common shares.




	 







	 


	F-

	7



	 









	 







	 





	SOLIS
	TEK INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES





	NOTES
	TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




	FOR
	THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2016 AND 2015




	 





	NOTE
	2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)





	 





	Use
	of Estimates





	 




	The
	preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S requires
	management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent
	assets and liabilities at the financial statement date, and reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period.
	Significant estimates are used in valuing our allowances for doubtful accounts, reserves for inventory obsolescence, valuing equity
	instruments issued for services and valuation allowance for deferred tax assets, among others. Actual results could differ from
	these estimates.



	 




	Revenue
	Recognition





	 




	The
	Company recognizes revenue upon shipment of the Company’s products to its customers, provided that evidence of an arrangement
	exists, title and risk of loss have passed to the customer, fees are fixed or determinable, and collection of the related receivable
	is reasonably assured. Title to the Company’s products primarily is transferred to the customer once the product is shipped
	from the Company’s warehouses. Products are not shipped until there is a written agreement with the customer with a specified
	payment arrangement. Any discounts that are offered are done as a reduction of the invoiced amount at the time of billing. Payments
	received before all of the relevant criteria for revenue recognition are satisfied are recorded as customer deposits.




	 




	The
	Company does not offer a general right of return on any of its sales and considers all sales as final. The Company generally provides
	a three-year warranty on its ballasts. However, the Company does not maintain a warranty reserve as the Company is able to chargeback
	its vendors for all warranty claims. As of December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company recorded a reserve for returned
	product in the amount of $45,410 and $130,410, respectively, which reduced the accounts receivable balances as of those periods.




	 





	Accounts
	Receivable





	 




	The
	Company evaluates the collectability of its trade accounts receivable based on a number of factors. In circumstances where the
	Company becomes aware of a specific customer’s inability to meet its financial obligations to the Company, a specific reserve
	for bad debts is estimated and recorded, which reduces the recognized receivable to the estimated amount the Company believes
	will ultimately be collected. In addition to specific customer identification of potential bad debts, bad debt charges are recorded
	based on the Company’s historical losses and an overall assessment of past due trade accounts receivable outstanding.




	 




	The
	allowance for doubtful accounts and returns is established through a provision reducing the carrying value of receivables. At
	December 31, 2016, and December 31, 2015, the allowance for doubtful accounts and returns was $359,395 and $233,951, respectively.




	 







	 


	F-

	8



	 









	 







	 





	SOLIS
	TEK INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES





	NOTES
	TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




	FOR
	THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2016 AND 2015




	 





	NOTE
	2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)





	 





	Inventories





	 




	Inventories
	are stated at the lower of cost or market. Cost is computed on a first-in, first-out basis. The Company’s inventories consist
	almost entirely of finished goods as of December 31, 2016 and 2015.




	 




	The
	Company provides inventory reserves based on excess and obsolete inventories determined primarily by future demand forecasts.
	The write down amount is measured as the difference between the cost of the inventory and market based upon assumptions about
	future demand and charged to the provision for inventory, which is a component of cost of sales. At the point of the loss recognition,
	a new, lower cost basis for that inventory is established, and subsequent changes in facts and circumstances do not result in
	the restoration or increase in that newly established cost basis. At December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the reserve for
	excess and obsolete inventory was $101,305 and $139,685, respectively.




	 





	Inventories
	under warranty claims





	 




	In
	the ordinary course of business, the Company receives product returns from its customers. The product returns are almost entirely
	ballasts. Since its inception, the Company has purchased its ballasts from two Chinese manufacturers and one of them (a related
	entity, see Note 5) offers a three year warranty on its products. Through December 31, 2016, that manufacturer was not able to
	repair the Company’s ballasts, as the Company could not return the products to the manufacturer’s facility due to
	Chinese customs reasons. As such, the related party vendor issued the Company a credit memo for the entire amount of their returned
	product, totaling $453,778 and $653,118 in 2016 and 2015, respectively. The Company is planning to send the products to a free
	trade zone in Hong Kong or to another location in China, to repair, or replace, the defective products. As the manufacturer has
	issued the Company a credit for the entire defective product, the Company has not recorded a reserve on any of those products
	in its ending inventory.




	 





	Property
	and Equipment





	 




	Property
	and equipment are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line
	method over the estimated useful lives of the assets. The Company has determined the estimated useful lives of its property and
	equipment, as follows:




	 








	Machinery
	and equipment




	 




	 




	5
	years




	 






	Computer
	equipment




	 




	 




	3
	years




	 






	Furniture
	and fixtures




	 




	 




	7
	years




	 







	 




	Maintenance
	and repairs are charged to expense as incurred. The cost and accumulated depreciation of assets sold or otherwise disposed of
	are removed from the related accounts and the resulting gain or loss is reflected in the statements of operations.




	 





	Research
	and Development





	 




	Research
	and development costs are expensed in the period incurred. The costs primarily consist of personal and supplies




	 





	Shipping
	and handling costs





	 




	The
	Company’s shipping and handling costs relating to inbound freight are reported as cost of goods sold in the consolidated
	Statements of Operations, while shipping and handling costs relating to outbound freight are reported as selling, general and
	administrative expenses in the consolidated Statements of Operations. The Company classifies amounts billed to customers for shipping
	fees as revenues.




	 







	 


	F-

	9



	 









	 







	 





	SOLIS
	TEK INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES





	NOTES
	TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




	FOR
	THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2016 AND 2015




	 





	NOTE
	2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)





	 





	Income
	Taxes





	 




	Income
	tax expense is based on pretax financial accounting income. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the expected
	tax consequences of temporary differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their reported amounts. Valuation
	allowances are recorded to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount that will more likely than not be realized. The Company has
	recorded a valuation allowance against its deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2016 and 2015.




	 




	The
	Company accounts for uncertainty in income taxes using a two-step approach to recognizing and measuring uncertain tax positions.
	The first step is to evaluate the tax position for recognition by determining if the weight of available evidence indicates that
	it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained on audit, including resolution of related appeals or litigation
	processes, if any. The second step is to measure the tax benefit as the largest amount that is more than 50 percent likely of
	being realized upon settlement. The Company classifies the liability for unrecognized tax benefits as current to the extent that
	the Company anticipates payment (or receipt) of cash within one year. Interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions
	are recognized in the provision for income taxes.




	 





	Concentration
	Risks





	 




	The
	Company operates in markets that are highly competitive and rapidly changing. Significant technological changes, shifting customer
	needs, the emergence of competitive products or services with new capabilities, and other factors could negatively impact the
	Company’s operating results. State and federal government laws could have a material adverse impact on the Company’s
	future revenues and results of operations.




	 




	The
	Company’s products require specific components that currently are available from a limited number of sources. The Company
	purchases its key products and components from single vendors. During the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, its ballasts,
	lamps and reflectors, which comprised the vast majority of the Company’s purchases during those periods, were each only
	purchased from one separate vendor. The ballast vendor is a related party (see Note 5).




	 




	The
	Company performs a regular review of customer activity and associated credit risks and does not require collateral or other arrangements.
	There were no customers that accounted for more than 10% of the Company’s revenue for the years ended December 31, 2016
	and 2015. Shipments to customers outside the United States comprised 1% and 3% for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015,
	respectively.




	 




	As
	of December 31, 2016, one customer accounted for 18% of the Company’s trade accounts receivable balance, and as of December
	31, 2015, two customers accounted for 15%, and 20% of the Company’s trade accounts receivable balance.




	 







	 


	F-

	10



	 









	 








	 






	SOLIS
	TEK INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES





	NOTES
	TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




	FOR
	THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2016 AND 2015




	 





	NOTE
	2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)





	 





	Fair
	Value measurements





	 




	The
	Company determines the fair value of its assets and liabilities based on the exchange price in U.S. dollars that would be received
	for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability
	in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. Valuation techniques used to measure fair value
	maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. The Company uses a fair value hierarchy with
	three levels of inputs, of which the first two are considered observable and the last unobservable, to measure fair value:




	 






	 




	●




	Level
	1 — Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.






	 




	 




	 






	 




	●




	Level
	2 — Inputs, other than Level 1, that are observable, either directly or indirectly, such as quoted prices for similar
	assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated
	by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities.






	 




	 




	 






	 




	●




	Level
	3 — Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value
	of the assets or liabilities.






	 




	The
	carrying amounts of financial instruments such as cash, accounts receivable, inventories, and accounts payable and accrued liabilities,
	approximate the related fair values due to the short-term maturities of these instruments.




	 





	Recently
	Issued Accounting Pronouncements





	 




	In
	May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts
	with Customers. ASU 2014-09 is a comprehensive revenue recognition standard that will supersede nearly all existing revenue recognition
	guidance under current U.S. GAAP and replace it with a principle based approach for determining revenue recognition. ASU 2014-09
	will require that companies recognize revenue based on the value of transferred goods or services as they occur in the contract.
	The ASU also will require additional disclosure about the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising
	from customer contracts, including significant judgments and changes in judgments and assets recognized from costs incurred to
	obtain or fulfill a contract. ASU 2014-09 is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017. Early
	adoption is permitted only in annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods therein. Entities
	will be able to transition to the standard either retrospectively or as a cumulative-effect adjustment as of the date of adoption.
	The Company is in the process of evaluating the impact of ASU 2014-09 on the Company’s financial statements and disclosures.






	 







	 


	F-

	11



	 









	 







	 





	SOLIS
	TEK INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES





	NOTES
	TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




	FOR
	THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2016 AND 2015




	 





	NOTE
	2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)





	 




	In
	February 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2016-02, Leases. ASU 2016-02 requires a lessee to record
	a right of use asset and a corresponding lease liability on the balance sheet for all leases with terms longer than 12 months.
	ASU 2016-02 is effective for all interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018. Early adoption is permitted.
	A modified retrospective transition approach is required for lessees for capital and operating leases existing at, or entered
	into after, the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements, with certain practical expedients
	available. The Company is in the process of evaluating the impact of ASU 2016-02 on the Company’s financial statements and
	disclosures.




	 




	Other
	recent accounting pronouncements issued by the FASB, including its Emerging Issues Task Force, the American Institute of Certified
	Public Accountants, and the Securities and Exchange Commission did not or are not believed by management to have a material impact
	on the Company’s present or future consolidated financial statements.




	 







	 


	F-

	12



	 









	 







	 





	SOLIS
	TEK INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES





	NOTES
	TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




	FOR
	THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2016 AND 2015




	 







	NOTE
	3 - PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT





	 




	Property
	and equipment consists of the following at December 31, 2016 and 2015:




	 






	 




	 




	2016




	 




	 




	2015




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Machinery and equipment




	 




	$




	231,506




	 




	 




	$




	231,506




	 






	Computer equipment




	 




	 




	12,448




	 




	 




	 




	12,448




	 






	Furniture and fixtures




	 




	 




	97,451




	 




	 




	 




	89,266




	 






	Leasehold improvements




	 




	 




	7,000




	 




	 




	 




	7,000




	 






	 




	 




	 




	348,405




	 




	 




	 




	340,220




	 






	Less: accumulated
	depreciation and amortization




	 




	 




	(143,469




	)




	 




	 




	(72,519




	)






	Property and equipment, net




	 




	$




	204,936




	 




	 




	$




	267,701




	 







	 




	Depreciation
	and amortization expense for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015 was $70,950 and $51,118, respectively.




	 




	Property
	and equipment include assets acquired under capital leases of $64,632 at December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.




	 





	NOTE
	4 - RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS





	 






	Supplier






	 




	A
	family member of an officer/shareholder owns a minority interest in a company in China, which is the sole supplier of ballasts
	to the Company. Purchases from the related party for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015 totaled approximately $3,119,000
	and $6,265,000, respectively. The Company believes purchase prices from the related party approximate what the Company would have
	to pay from an independent third party vendor. At December 31, 2016 and 2015, the Company owed the related party $1,083,764 and
	$1,171,754, respectively.




	 






	Amounts
	Due to Related Parties






	 




	As
	of December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company owed related parties $134,086 and $127,265, respectively. Included in
	the balances were short-term loans from the two officers/shareholders to the Company totaling $3,297 as of December 31, 2016 and
	2015, respectively. The balances are payable on demand, bear zero interest and are unsecured. The balances also included interest
	owed on the notes payable to related parties, which totaled to $68,471 and $28,969 at December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
	Also included is $62,319 and $94,999 of unpaid compensation, which was owed to the officers/shareholders December 31, 2016 and
	2015, respectively.




	 







	NOTE
	5 – NOTES PAYABLE TO RELATED PARTIES





	 




	Notes
	payable to related parties consists of the following at December 31, 2016 and 2015:




	 






	 




	 




	2016




	 




	 




	2015




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Notes payable to officers/shareholders
	(a)




	 




	$




	195,000




	 




	 




	$




	195,000




	 






	Notes payable to officers/shareholders
	(b)




	 




	 




	600,000




	 




	 




	 




	-




	 






	Notes payable to related parties (c)




	 




	 




	70,000




	 




	 




	 




	60,000




	 






	 




	 




	 




	865,000




	 




	 




	 




	255,000




	 






	Less: current portion




	 




	 




	(265,000




	)




	 




	 




	(255,000




	)






	Non-current portion




	 




	$




	600,000




	 




	 




	$




	-




	 







	 






	 




	a.




	On
	July 1, 2012, the Company entered into notes payable agreements with two of its officers/shareholders. The maximum borrowings
	allowed under each individual note are $200,000. Through December 31, 2013, each note bore interest at 20% per annum. Beginning
	on January 1, 2014, the interest rate on the notes was reduced to 8% per annum. The notes are due 30 days after demand. Amounts
	owed on the combined note balances were $195,000 at December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.






	 




	 




	 






	 




	b.




	In
	May 2016, the Company entered into two separate notes payable agreements with the aforementioned two officers/shareholders.
	Under each of the agreements, the Company borrowed $300,000 from each of the officers/shareholders. The notes accrue interest
	at 8% per annum, are unsecured and are due on or before May 31, 2018. A total of $600,000 was due on the combined notes at
	December 31, 2016.






	 




	 




	 






	 




	c.




	In
	November 2015, the Company borrowed $60,000 from the parents of one of the Company’s officer/shareholders. The loan
	accrues interest at 10% per annum, is unsecured and is due on or before December 31, 2016. A total of $60,000 was owed on
	the loan as of December 31, 2016 and 2015.






	 




	 




	 






	 




	 




	In
	January 2016, the Company borrowed an additional $110,000 from relatives of one of the Company’s officers/shareholders.
	The loan accrues interest at 10% per annum, is unsecured and is currently due. In April 2016, $100,000 was repaid on the loan.
	A total of $10,000 was owed on the loan as of December 31, 2016.






	 




	Interest
	expense on the notes to related parties for the year ended December 31, 2016 and 2015 was $56,626 and $15,784, respectively. Interest
	paid to the related parties during the year ended December 31, 2016 and 2015 amounted to $17,124 and $0, respectively. Accrued
	interest included in Amounts due to related parties at December 31, 2016 and 2015 was $68, 471 and $28,969, respectively.




	 







	 


	F-

	13



	 









	 








	 






	SOLIS
	TEK INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES





	NOTES
	TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




	FOR
	THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2016 AND 2015




	 





	NOTE
	6 - LINE OF CREDIT





	 




	The
	Company had a revolving line of credit with a bank in which it can borrow up to $600,000.. The line of credit was secured by substantially
	all assets of the Company and a personal guarantee from one of the Company’s officers/shareholders, including his personal
	residence. As of December 31, 2015, $600,000 was outstanding under the line of credit. The line of credit was paid off in May
	2016.




	 







	NOTE
	7 – LOANS PAYABLE





	 




	Loans
	payable consist of the following as of December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015:




	 






	 




	 




	2016




	 




	 




	2015




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Business
	loan (a)




	 




	$




	-




	 




	 




	$




	341,035




	 






	Automobile
	loans (b)




	 




	 




	34,220




	 




	 




	 




	42,273




	 






	 




	 




	 




	34,220




	 




	 




	 




	383,308




	 






	Less:
	current portion




	 




	 




	(8,262




	)




	 




	 




	(349,089




	)






	Non-current
	portion




	 




	$




	25,958




	 




	 




	$




	34,219




	 







	 






	 




	a.




	In
	September 2015, the Company entered into a Business Loan and Security Agreement, under which the Company could borrow up to
	$500,000. The loan was secured by credit card collections and certain Company assets. The loan was paid off in September 2016.






	 




	 




	 






	 




	b.




	In
	2015, the Company entered into two loan agreements to purchase automobiles. The combined principal amount of the loans was
	$44,093 and they mature by November 2021. The loans require a combined monthly payment of principal and interest of $747.
	A total of $34,220 and 42,273 was owed on the loans as of December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.






	 




	Principal
	payments due on long-term debt as of December 31, 2016 for each of the next five years are as follows:




	 








	Years
	ending December 31,




	 




	Amount




	 






	2017




	 




	 




	8,262




	 






	2018




	 




	 




	8,476




	 






	2019




	 




	 




	7,542




	 






	Thereafter




	 




	 




	9,940




	 






	TOTAL




	 




	$




	34,220




	 







	 







	 


	F-

	14



	 









	 








	 






	SOLIS
	TEK INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES





	NOTES
	TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




	FOR
	THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2016 AND 2015




	 





	NOTE
	8 – SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY





	 




	During
	the year ended December 31, 2015, prior to the reverse merger, the Company sold 1,612,032 shares of its common stock. The proceeds
	from the sale were $806,000. As part of the merger with STI (see Note 1), the Company issued 3,364,998 shares of its common stock.
	Also, during the year ended December 31, 2015, the Company issued 25,000 shares of its common stock for repayment of an accounts
	payable invoice totaling $10,000.




	 




	In
	November 2015, the Company entered into a four year employment agreement with one of its employees in which the employee was granted
	500,000 shares of the Company’s common stock. The shares vest equally in six month periods over the four years. The fair
	value of the shares on the date of grant was $400,000, which is being amortized ratably over the four year service period. A total
	of 125,000 shares were issued under the agreement during the year ended December 31, 2016. In addition 20,000 shares were granted
	to two employees for their services in 2016. The amount amortized as stock based compensation in 2016 and 2015 was $111,000 and
	$15,217, respectively.




	 




	At
	December 31, 2016, there were 29,721,998 shares of common stock issued and outstanding.




	 





	NOTE
	9- COMMITMENTS





	 






	Operating
	Leases






	 




	The
	Company leases office and warehouse facilities under two non-cancellable lease agreements, one in Southern California and one
	in New Jersey. The Southern California lease was initiated in September 2013 and expires August 31, 2017. The New Jersey lease
	was initiated in October 2014 and expires September 30, 2019.




	 




	Minimum
	annual rental commitments under non-cancelable leases at December 31, 2016 are as follows:




	 








	Years
	ending December 31,




	 




	Amount




	 






	2017




	 




	 




	148,020




	 






	2018




	 




	 




	75,540




	 






	2019




	 




	 




	57,912




	 






	TOTAL




	 




	$




	281,472




	 







	 




	Rent
	expense was $218,997 and $217,304 for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.




	 








	Capital
	Leases






	 




	The
	Company leases equipment under capital lease agreements. Future minimum lease payments at December 31, 2016 are as follows:




	 






	Years
	ending December 31,




	 




	Amount




	 






	2017




	 




	 




	14,950




	 






	2018




	 




	 




	9,668




	 






	Total minimum lease payments




	 




	 




	24,618




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Less: amount represented by interest




	 




	 




	(1,242




	)






	Less: current
	portion




	 




	 




	(13,711




	)






	Capital lease
	obligations, net of current portion




	 




	$




	9,665




	 







	 







	 


	F-

	15



	 









	 








	 






	OLIS
	TEK INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES





	NOTES
	TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




	FOR
	THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2016 AND 2015




	 





	NOTE
	9 – COMMITMENTS (CONTINUED)





	 






	Technology
	License Agreement






	 




	In
	March 2013, the Company entered into a Technology License Agreement with a third party vendor for consulting services. Under the
	agreement, the Company agreed to pay the vendor $100,000. For each of the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, $100,000 was
	recorded as research and development expense under the agreement on the consolidated Statements of Operations.




	 




	In
	2015, the agreement was amended. Under the amended agreement, the Company will pay the vendor a minimum consulting amount of $100,000
	per year, plus a royalty of 7% of all net sales of the vendor’s products above $1,428,571 per calendar year. A total of
	$41,790 and $43,775 of royalty fees were owed under the amended agreement for the year ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively
	and were recorded in cost of goods sold on the consolidated Statements of Operations. A total of $165,553 was owed under the amended
	agreement at December 31, 2016.




	 





	NOTE
	10 – INCOME TAXES





	 




	At
	December 31, 2016, the Company had available Federal and state net operating loss carryforwards to reduce future taxable income.
	The amounts available were approximately $738,000 for Federal and state purposes. The carryforwards expire in various amounts
	through 2034. Given the Company’s history of net operating losses, management has determined that it is more likely than
	not that the Company will not be able to realize the tax benefit of the carryforwards. Accordingly, the Company has not recognized
	a deferred tax asset for this benefit.




	 



	Effective January
	1, 2007, the Company adopted FASB guidelines that address the determination of whether tax benefits claimed or expected to be
	claimed on a tax return should be recorded in the financial statements. Under this guidance, we may recognize the tax benefit
	from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the
	taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from
	such a position should be measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than fifty percent likelihood of being realized
	upon ultimate settlement. This guidance also provides guidance on de-recognition, classification, interest and penalties on income
	taxes, accounting in interim periods and requires increased disclosures. At the date of adoption, and as of December 31, 2016
	and 2015, the Company did not have a liability for unrecognized tax benefits, and no adjustment was required at adoption.




	The Company’s
	policy is to record interest and penalties on uncertain tax provisions as income tax expense. As of December 31, 2016 and 2015,
	the Company has not accrued interest or penalties related to uncertain tax positions. Additionally, tax years 2013 through 2016
	remain open to examination by the major taxing jurisdictions to which the Company is subject.




	Upon the attainment
	of taxable income by the Company, management will assess the likelihood of realizing the tax benefit associated with the use of
	the carryforwards and will recognize the appropriate deferred tax asset at that time.




	 




	The
	Company’s effective income tax rate differs from the amount computed by applying the federal statutory income tax rate to
	loss before income taxes as follows:




	 








	 




	 




	December 31,




	 




	 




	December 31,




	 






	 




	 




	2016




	 




	 




	2015




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Income tax benefit at federal
	statutory rate




	 




	 




	(34.0




	)%




	 




	 




	(34.0




	)%






	State income tax benefit, net of federal
	benefit




	 




	 




	(6.0




	)%




	 




	 




	(6.0




	)%






	Change in valuation
	allowance




	 




	 




	40.00




	%




	 




	 




	22.3




	%






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Income taxes at effective tax rate




	 




	 




	-




	 




	 




	 




	17.7




	%








	 








	 


	F-

	16



	 









	 








	 






	SOLIS
	TEK INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES





	NOTES
	TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




	FOR
	THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2016 AND 2015




	 







	NOTE
	10 – INCOME TAXES (CONTINUED)





	 




	The
	components of deferred taxes consist of the following at December 31, 2016 and 2015:




	 






	 




	 




	December
	31, 2016




	 




	 




	December
	31, 2015




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Inventory reserves




	 




	$




	41,000




	 




	 




	$




	140,141




	 






	Allowance for doubtful accounts and
	returns




	 




	 



	143,000



	 




	 




	 




	93,581




	 






	Impairment of note receivable




	 




	 




	40,000




	 




	 




	 




	100,000




	 






	Other accrued expenses




	 




	 




	91,000




	 




	 




	 




	76,082




	 






	Depreciation




	 




	 




	(55,000




	)




	 




	 




	(52,702




	)






	Net operating loss carryforwards




	 




	 



	295,000



	 




	 




	 




	67,447




	 






	Less: Valuation
	allowance




	 




	 




	(555,000




	)




	 




	 




	(424,549




	)






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Net deferred tax assets




	 




	$




	-




	 




	 




	$




	-




	 







	 







	NOTE
	11 – SUBSEQUENT EVENTS





	 




	In
	February 2017, the Company entered into a Consulting Agreement with a third party (“Consultant”) for providing numerous
	services including but not limited to business development, sales promotion, introduction to new business opportunities, strategic
	analysis, and, sales and marketing activities. The terms of the Consulting agreement include a cash compensation of $40,000 a
	month for twelve month and stock compensation up to 900,000 shares of the Company’s common stock, currently valued at $1,044,000
	which will be recognized as an expense as the shares are issued. The Company or the Consultant may cancel the contract at any
	time with 30 days-notice within the first 90 days from the date of the agreement. The Company has issued 300,000 shares to the
	Consultant through March 2017 per the agreement.




	 




	In
	February 2017, the Company executed two promissory notes and borrowed $300,000 from the relatives of one of the directors of the
	Company. The notes are payable on demand and carry an interest of 14% per annum.




	 




	In
	March, 2017, the Board of Directors of the Company authorized a Private Placement Offering per Reg. D of up to $1,650,000 in shares
	of common stock to accredited investors providing for stock to be issued at $.80 per share. As of March 29, 2017, the Company
	has raised a total of $250,000 through an issuance of 312,500 shares.




	 




	On
	January 6, 2017, the company extended an offer to Dennis G. Forchic to become CEO. Mr. Forchic accepted the offer and contracts
	were executed on March 27, 2017. Mr. Forchic joined the Board of Directors in March 2017. The Employment Agreement provides for
	a base compensation of $162,000 per annum, a grant of 5,411,765 shares valued at $2,760,000, the purchase of an additional 784,314
	shares valued at $400,000 for a consideration of $100,000, all shares issued under the ’34 Act Rule 144 restriction. In
	addition Mr. Forchic was granted an option to purchase 3,000,000 shares at $0.60 per share, with 33.3% of these shares vesting
	on the one year anniversary of the date of grant and the remainder vesting in equal installments at the end of each month thereafter.
	The options were valued at $822,713 using a Black Scholes options pricing model and will be amortized as an expense over the vesting
	period.






	 







	 


	F-

	17



	 












	 








	 










	ITEM
	9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE.





	 




	None





	 









	ITEM
	9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES





	 






	Evaluation
	of disclosure controls and procedures






	 




	Based
	upon an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures performed by our Chief Executive Officer as
	of the end of the period covered by this report, our Chief Executive Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures
	have not been effective as a result of a weakness in the design of internal control over financial reporting identified below.




	 




	As
	used herein, “disclosure controls and procedures” mean controls and other procedures of our company that are designed
	to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Securities Exchange
	Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commission’s rules and forms.
	Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required
	to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated
	to our management, including our principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions,
	as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.




	 






	Management’s
	Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting






	 




	Management
	is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in
	Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Our Chief Executive Officer/Chief Accounting Officer conducted
	an evaluation of the effectiveness of our control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control-Integrated
	Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (“COSO”). Based on management’s
	evaluation under the framework, management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective
	as of December 31, 2016.




	 







	 



	26



	 









	 







	 




	We
	identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting primarily attributable to (i) lack of segregation
	of incompatible duties; and (ii) insufficient Board of Directors representation. These weaknesses are due to our inadequate staffing
	during the period covered by this report and our lack of working capital to hire additional staff. Management has retained an
	outside, independent financial consultant to record and review all financial data, as well as prepare our financial reports, in
	order to mitigate this weakness. Although management will periodically re-evaluate this situation, at this point it considers
	that the risk associated with such lack of segregation of duties and the potential benefits of adding employees to segregate such
	duties are not cost justified. We intend to hire additional accounting personnel to assist with financial reporting as soon as
	our finances will allow.




	 




	This
	annual report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over
	financial reporting. Management’s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant
	to temporary rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit us to provide only management’s report in this
	annual report.




	 






	Changes
	in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting






	 




	No
	changes in our internal control over financial reporting occurred during the year ended December 31, 2016 that have materially
	affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.





	 









	Item
	9B – OTHER INFORMATION





	 




	None.




	 







	 



	27



	 











	 







	 









	PART
	III





	 











	ITEM
	10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, PROMOTERS, CONTROL PERSONS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE; COMPLIANCE WITH SECTION 16(A) OF THE EXCHANGE
	ACT.





	 






	Directors






	 




	As
	of March 31, 2017, we have three directors. The name, age and appointment details are as follows:




	 







	Name






	 






	Position
	Held with the





	Company






	 






	Age






	 






	Date
	First Elected





	or Appointed







	Alan
	Lien




	 




	Director




	 




	33




	 




	June
	23, 2015






	Alvin
	Hao




	 




	Director




	 




	34




	 




	June
	23, 2015






	Dennis
	G. Forchic




	 




	Director




	 




	51




	 




	March
	27, 2017







	 








	Executive
	Officers






	 




	As
	of March 29, 2016, we have three Executive Officers. The name, age and appointment details are as follows:




	 







	Name






	 






	Position
	Held with the





	Company






	 






	Age






	 






	Date
	First Elected





	or Appointed







	Alan
	Lien




	 




	Chairman,
	President, Secretary, Chief Financial Officer




	 




	33




	 




	June
	23, 2015






	Alvin
	Hao




	 




	Executive
	Vice-President




	 




	34




	 




	June
	23, 2015






	Dennis
	G. Forchic




	 




	Chief
	Executive Officer




	 




	51




	 




	January
	6, 2017








	 






	Business
	Experience





	 




	The
	following is a brief account of the education and business experience for at least the past five years of our directors and our
	executive officers, indicating each person’s business experience, principal occupation during the period, and the name and
	principal business of the organization by which they were employed.




	 





	Officers
	and Directors





	 




	Alan
	Lien, is co-founder, Chairman, President, Director, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer. Mr. Lien is responsible
	for setting the sales, product development, product strategy, and input on the strategic direction of the Company. He leads the
	manufacturing, development and sourcing of Solis Tek products and setting up company infrastructure. From 2006 to 2009, Mr. Lien
	was the Chief Operating Officer for A&A Lien Enterprise, a trading company located in Taipei Taiwan. A&A Lien Enterprise
	is a 20 year old trading company with focus in sporting equipment. Among the well-known customers that were served by A&A
	Enterprise, and by Mr. Lien in particular, were Mitre, Umbro, Diadora, Louisville Slugger, Franklin, Diamond and more. During
	the four year tenure as the Chief Operating Officer for A&A, Mr. Lien supervised the development of new manufacturer relations,
	purchasing, quality control, trade show supervision, as well as developing new customer accounts. Mr. Lien received his BS in
	Marketing from Monmouth University in 2006.




	 




	Alvin
	Hao, is co-founder, Director, and Executive Vice President Mr. Hao has broad knowledge of the hydroponics industry, including
	aspects of hardware and years of gardening experience. Mr. Hao is responsible for creating and maintaining corporate infrastructure,
	oversee daily operations, sales, and financial planning, lead marketing strategy, He received his BS in Business Administration
	and Marketing from California State University Long Beach in 2007.






	 




	Newly
	appointed CEO and Board member Dennis G. Forchic (co)-founded five start-up entities over the last 25 years. His experience includes
	leading multiple early stage growth companies to top line revenues in the mid-to-upper eight figure range prior to exiting through
	successful sales transactions to the investment communities. One of the transactions, an east coast manufacturing company, had
	an annual run rate approaching nine figures and 400+ employees at the time of his exit. Mr Forchic brings national and international
	business experience and full spectrum business acumen along with experienced leadership skills to the Solis Tek management team.
	Over the last 15 months Mr. Forchic has acted as senior advisor to Solis Tek’s Chief Executive Officer, and integrated himself
	into the agri-grow, hydroponic

	,

	and cannabis industry. Mr. Forchic obtained a BBA in Finance
	in 1988 from the University of Miami.



	 








	 



	28



	 









	 








	 






	Committees





	 




	The
	board of directors has no standing committees. However, the Company intends to implement a comprehensive corporate governance
	program, including establishing various board committees and adopting a Code of Ethics in the future. In addition, the Company
	has secured Directors and Officers insurance consistent with the Company’s and Board of Director’s mandates.




	 





	Family
	Relationships





	 




	No
	family relationship has ever existed between any director, executive officer of the Company, and any person contemplated to become
	such.




	 





	Involvement
	in Certain Legal Proceedings





	 




	Our
	directors, executive officers and control persons have not been involved in any of the following events during the past five years:




	 






	1.




	any
	bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either
	at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time;






	 




	 






	2.




	any
	conviction in a criminal proceeding or being subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other
	minor offences);






	 




	 






	3.




	being
	subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction,
	permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities
	or banking activities; or






	 




	 






	4.




	being
	found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the Securities and Exchange Commission or the Commodity Futures
	Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed,
	suspended, or vacated.







	 









	ITEM
	11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION.





	 





	Executive
	Compensation Overview





	 




	Historically,
	our executive compensation program has reflected our growth and development-oriented corporate culture. As of December 31, 2016,
	the compensation of our executive officers has consisted of a base salary. Our executive officers and all salaried employees are
	also eligible to receive health and welfare benefits.




	 




	As
	we have transitioned from a private company to a publicly-traded company, we have and will continue to evaluate our compensation
	values and philosophy and compensation plans and arrangements as circumstances require. At a minimum, we expect to review executive
	compensation annually. As part of this review process, we expect the Board of Directors to apply our values and philosophy, while
	considering the compensation levels needed to ensure our executive compensation program remains competitive. We will also review
	whether we are meeting our retention objectives and the potential cost of replacing a key employee.




	 




	The
	Company’s growth and progress centered around its ability to innovate its technology to respond to the changing needs of
	the industry, and stay ahead of the sales curve relating to new states becoming cannabis enabled and legal, thereby creating new
	demand in medical and recreational growers. The Company’s requirements in these areas of sales and technology demanded that
	the Company’s founders devote more and more of their time to growth and development creating a need in the areas of business
	management with particular attention to the public company sector. The company’s search for key executives to fill these
	growth needs demands that the Company find a seasoned high level executive with broad based multi-national experience in a growth
	industry yet intimately knowledgeable of the needs associated with early stage growth companies. Having had the benefit of working
	together in a consulting capacity side-by-side for many months with founder Alan Lien, the Company made the decision to engage
	Dennis G. Forchic as its Chief Executive Officer.




	 





	Compensation
	Risk Assessment





	 




	We
	believe that although a portion of the compensation provided to our executive officers and other employees may be in the future
	performance-based, our executive compensation program will not encourage excessive or unnecessary risk taking. This is primarily
	due to the fact that our compensation programs will be designed to encourage our executive officers and other employees to remain
	focused on both short-term and long-term strategic goals, in particular in connection with our pay-for-performance compensation
	philosophy. As a result, we do not believe that our compensation programs will reasonably be likely to have a material adverse
	effect on us.




	 







	 



	29



	 









	 








	 






	Summary
	Compensation Table





	 




	The
	following table presents information regarding the total compensation awarded to, earned by, and paid to each individual who served
	as our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Operating Officers at any time during the last completed fiscal year. There were only
	two individuals who were serving as Executive Officers at the end of the last completed fiscal year for services rendered in all
	capacities to us for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014. These individuals were our named executive officers of Solis
	Tek Inc. for 2016 and 2015.




	 








	Name
	and Principal Position




	 




	 

	Year





	 




	 




	 

	Salary





	($)





	 




	 




	 

	Bonus





	($)





	 




	 




	 

	Stock





	Awards





	($)





	 




	 

	Option





	Awards





	($)





	 




	 

	Non-Equity





	Incentive Plan





	Compensation





	($)





	 




	Nonqualified



	Deferred



	Compensation



	Earnings



	($)




	 




	 

	All
	Other





	Compensation





	($)





	 




	 

	Total





	($)





	 






	Alan Lien, Director, CEO




	 




	 




	2016




	 




	 




	 




	162,500




	 




	 




	 




	N/A




	 




	 




	N/A




	 




	N/A




	 




	N/A




	 




	N/A




	 




	N/A




	 




	 




	162,500




	 






	and CFO




	 




	 




	2015




	 




	 




	 




	162,500




	 




	 




	 




	N/A




	 




	 




	N/A




	 




	N/A




	 




	N/A




	 




	N/A




	 




	N/A




	 




	 




	162,500




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Alvin Hao, COO and




	 




	 




	2016




	 




	 




	 




	162,500




	 




	 




	 




	N/A




	 




	 




	N/A




	 




	N/A




	 




	N/A




	 




	N/A




	 




	N/A




	 




	 




	162,500




	 






	President




	 




	 




	2015




	 




	 




	 




	162,0000




	 




	 




	 




	N/A




	 




	 




	N/A




	 




	N/A




	 




	N/A




	 




	N/A




	 




	N/A




	 




	 




	162,500




	 







	 





	Director
	Compensation





	 




	Employees
	of the Company who also serve as directors do not receive additional compensation for their performance of services as directors.
	For 2016 and 2015, directors of the Company did not receive additional consideration for their service as directors.




	 





	Option
	Plan





	 




	There
	are no stock option plans or common shares set aside for any stock option plan.




	 







	 



	30



	 










	 








	 










	ITEM
	12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS.





	 




	The
	following table sets forth certain information as of March 29, 2017 with respect to the holdings of: (1) each person known to
	us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of our Common Stock; (2) each of our directors, nominees for director and named
	executive officers; and (3) all directors and executive officers as a group. To the best of our knowledge, each of the persons
	named in the table below as beneficially owning the shares set forth therein has sole voting power and sole investment power with
	respect to such shares, unless otherwise indicated.




	 








	Name
	and Address



	of Beneficial Owner




	 




	Title
	of Class




	 




	Amount
	and Nature



	of Beneficial Owner




	 




	 





	Percent





	of Class

	(1)






	 






	Alan Lien



	Director, Chairman, President, CFO, and Secretary



	16926
	S. Keegan Ave. Unit A, Carson, CA




	 




	Common Stock




	 




	 




	10,000,002




	 




	 




	 




	27.4




	%






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Alvin Hao



	Director
	and EVP



	16926 S. Keegan Ave. Unit A, Carson, CA




	 




	Common Stock




	 




	 




	10,000,002




	 




	 




	 




	27.4




	%






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Dennis G. Forchic



	Director
	and CEO



	16926 S. Keegan Ave. Unit A, Carson, CA




	 




	Common Stock




	 




	 




	6,196,079




	 




	 




	 




	16.9




	%






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	 Directors and Executive Officers





	 




	Common Stock




	 




	 




	26,196,083




	 




	 




	 




	71.7




	%






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	All Directors and Officers



	(as a group)




	 




	Common Stock




	 




	 




	26,196,083




	 




	 




	 




	71.7




	%








	 









	ITEM
	13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE.





	 






	Supplier






	 




	A
	family member of an officer/shareholder owns a minority interest in a company in China, which as of 2014, is the sole supplier
	of ballasts to the Company. Purchases from the related party for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015 totaled approximately
	$3,898,000 and $6,265,000, respectively. The Company believes purchase prices from the related party approximate what the Company
	would have to pay from an independent third party vendor. At December 31, 2016 and 2015, the Company owed the related party $1,083,764
	and $1,171,754, respectively.




	 






	Amounts
	Due to Officers/Shareholders






	 




	On
	July 1, 2012, the Company entered into notes payable agreements with two of its officers/shareholders. The maximum borrowings
	allowed under each individual note are $200,000. Through December 31, 2013, each note bore interest at 20% per annum. Beginning
	on January 1, 2014, the interest rate on the notes was reduced to 8% per annum. The notes are due 30 days after demand. Amounts
	owed on the combined note balances were $195,000 at December 31, 2016 and 2015. There was no interest paid to the officers/shareholders
	relating to the notes for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015. Interest expense on the notes for the years ended December
	31, 2016 and 2015 was $15,643 and $15,784, respectively.




	 




	On
	May 9, 2016, the Company also entered into notes payable agreements with these two officers/shareholders to borrow $300,000 under
	each individual note. These notes mature on May31, 2018 and bear an interest at 8%. The interest is accrued and payable on May
	31, 2018. The Company has the right to prepay all or any portion of the Principal amount and all accrued interest thereon at any
	time before maturity date without any prepayment penalty. As of December 31, 2016 a balance of $600,000 was outstanding under
	these notes. Interest expense under these notes for the year ended December 31, 2016 was $31,167.




	 




	As
	of December 31, 2016 and 2015, the Company also owed the same two officers/shareholders as noted above an additional $134,088
	and $127,265, respectively. Included in the balances were short-term loans from the two officers/shareholders to the Company totaling
	$3,297 and $3,297 as of December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The balances are payable on demand, bear zero interest and are
	unsecured. The balances also included interest owed on the notes payable described above, which totaled to $68,472 and $28,969
	at December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Also included is $62,319 and $94,999 of unpaid compensation, which was owed to the
	officers/shareholders at December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.




	 







	 



	31



	 









	 







	 





	DIRECTOR
	INDEPENDENCE





	 




	Our
	Board of Directors is currently composed of three members, who do not qualify as independent directors in accordance with the
	published listing requirements of the NASDAQ Global Market. The NASDAQ independence definition includes a series of objective
	tests, such as that the director is not, and has not been for at least three years, one of our employees and that neither the
	director, nor any of his family members has engaged in various types of business dealings with us. In addition, our Board of Directors
	has not made a subjective determination as to each director that no relationships exist which, in the opinion of our Board of
	Directors, would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director, though
	such subjective determination is required by the NASDAQ rules. Had our Board of Directors made these determinations, our Board
	of Directors would have reviewed and discussed information provided by the directors and us with regard to each director’s
	business and personal activities and relationships as they may relate to us and our management.




	 




	We
	do not have any independent directors. We do not have an audit committee, compensation committee or nominating committee.

	We
	currently do not have a code of ethics that applies to our officers, employees and director.





	 





	LEGAL
	PROCEEDINGS





	 




	From
	time to time, we may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings which arise in the ordinary course of business.
	However, litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to
	time that may harm our business. We are currently not aware of any such legal proceedings or claims that we believe will have
	a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or operating results.




	 







	 



	32



	 










	 








	 










	ITEM
	14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES





	 








	Audit
	Fees






	 




	The
	following table sets forth the fees billed to the Company for professional services rendered by the Company’s independent
	registered public accounting firm, for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015:




	 






	Fees




	 




	2016




	 




	 




	2015




	 






	Weinberg & Company, CPAs




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Audit
	fees




	 




	$




	98,775




	 




	 




	$




	111,462




	 






	Audit Related Fees




	 




	 




	-




	 




	 




	 




	-




	 






	Tax fees




	 




	 




	15,385




	 




	 




	 




	42,088




	 






	All
	other fees




	 




	 




	-




	 




	 




	 




	-




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Total Fees




	 




	$




	114,160




	 




	 




	$




	153,550




	 







	 





	Audit
	Fees.

	Consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audits of our financial statements and reviews of
	our interim consolidated financial statements included in quarterly reports.




	 





	Tax
	Fees.

	Weinberg & Company, CPAs did provide us with professional services for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning.
	These services include assistance regarding federal, state and local tax compliance and consultation in connection with various
	transactions and acquisitions.




	 







	 



	33



	 











	 








	 












	Item.
	15. EXHIBITS





	 









	Exhibit
	Number





	 





	Ref





	 





	Description
	of Document







	31.1/2




	 




	*




	 




	Certification
	of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	32.1/2




	 




	*




	 




	Certification
	of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to section
	906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	99




	 




	*




	 





	Employment
	agreement with Chief Executive Officer.







	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	101.INS




	 




	*




	 




	XBRL
	Instance Document***






	101.SCH




	 




	*




	 




	XBRL
	Taxonomy Extension Schema Document***






	101.CAL




	 




	*




	 




	XBRL
	Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document***






	101.DEF




	 




	*




	 




	XBRL
	Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document***






	101.LAB




	 




	*




	 




	XBRL
	Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document***






	101.PRE




	 




	*




	 




	XBRL
	Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document***







	 




	*
	Filed herewith.




	 




	**
	This certification is being furnished and shall not be deemed “filed” with the SEC for purposes of Section 18 of the
	Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into
	any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the Registrant specifically incorporates it
	by reference.




	 




	***
	Furnished herewith. Pursuant to Rule 406T of Regulation S-T, the Interactive Data Files on Exhibit 101 hereto are deemed not filed
	or part of any registration statement or prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933, are deemed
	not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, and otherwise are not subject to liability under
	those sections.




	 







	 



	34



	 











	 







	 









	SIGNATURES





	 




	Pursuant
	to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
	by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.




	 






	 





	SOLIS
	TEK INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES







	 




	 




	 






	 




	By:





	/s/
	Dennis G. Forchic







	 




	 




	Dennis
	Forchic






	 




	 




	Chief
	Executive Officer






	 




	 




	March
	31, 2017







	 








	 



	35



	 










	 








	 














	 






	EXHIBIT
	31.1/2





	 






	CERTIFICATION
	PURSUANT TO




	SEC
	Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a),




	AS
	ADOPTED PURSUANT TO




	SECTION
	302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002




	 




	I,
	Dennis G. Forchic, Chief Executive Officer of SOLIS TEK INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES, certify that:




	 




	1.
	I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Solis Tek Inc. and Subsidiaries;




	 




	2.
	Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
	to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
	to the period covered by this report;




	 




	3.
	Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
	material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
	presented in this report;




	 




	4.
	The registrant’s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
	and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
	in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:




	 




	(a)
	Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
	to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
	others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;




	 




	(b)
	Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
	under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
	financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;




	 




	(c)
	Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant’s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
	about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
	such evaluation; and




	 




	(d)
	Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
	registrant’s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant’s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that
	has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant’s internal control over financial
	reporting; and




	 




	5.
	The registrant’s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
	over financial reporting, to the registrant’s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant’s board of directors
	(or persons performing the equivalent functions):




	 




	(a)
	All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
	are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant’s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
	and




	 




	(b)
	Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant’s
	internal control over financial reporting.




	 






	Date:
	March 31, 2017




	By:





	/s/
	Dennis G. Forchic







	 




	 




	Dennis
	G. Forchic






	 




	 




	Chief
	Executive Officer







	 







	 


	 


	 









	 







	 













	 






	EXHIBIT
	31.2/2





	 






	CERTIFICATION
	PURSUANT TO




	SEC
	Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a),




	AS
	ADOPTED PURSUANT TO




	SECTION
	302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002




	 




	I,
	Alan Lien, Chief Financial Officer of SOLIS TEK INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES, certify that:




	 




	1.
	I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Solis Tek Inc. and Subsidiaries;




	 




	2.
	Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
	to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
	to the period covered by this report;




	 




	3.
	Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
	material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
	presented in this report;




	 




	4.
	The registrant’s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
	and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
	in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:




	 




	(a)
	Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
	to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
	others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;




	 




	(b)
	Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
	under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
	financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;




	 




	(c)
	Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant’s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
	about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
	such evaluation; and




	 




	(d)
	Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
	registrant’s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant’s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that
	has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant’s internal control over financial
	reporting; and




	 




	5.
	The registrant’s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
	over financial reporting, to the registrant’s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant’s board of directors
	(or persons performing the equivalent functions):




	 




	(a)
	All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
	are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant’s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
	and




	 




	(b)
	Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant’s
	internal control over financial reporting.




	 






	Date:
	March 31, 2017




	By:





	/s/
	Alan Lien







	 




	 



	Alan Lien





	 




	 




	Chief
	Financial Officer







	 







	 


	 


	 









	 







	 













	 






	EXHIBIT
	32.1/2





	 







	CERTIFICATION
	OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT






	TO
	18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906






	OF
	THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002.





	 




	In
	connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Solis Tek Inc. and Subsidiaries, (the “Company”) for the period
	ended December 31, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the “Report”), I,
	Dennis G. Forchic., Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to
	Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to the best of my knowledge that:




	 




	1.
	The Report fully complies with the requirements of Sections 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and




	 




	2.
	The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
	of the Company.




	 




	Date:
	March 31, 2017




	 







	/s/
	Dennis G. Forchic






	 







	Dennis
	G. Forchic




	 






	Chief
	Executive Officer




	 







	 







	 


	 


	 









	 







	 













	 






	EXHIBIT
	32.2/2





	 







	CERTIFICATION
	OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT






	TO
	18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906






	OF
	THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002.





	 




	In
	connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Solis Tek Inc. and Subsidiaries, (the “Company”) for the period
	ended December 31, 2015, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the “Report”), I,
	Alan Lien, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C Section 1350, as
	adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to the best of my knowledge that:




	 




	1.
	The Report fully complies with the requirements of Sections 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and




	 




	2.
	The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
	of the Company.




	 




	Date:
	March 31, 2017




	 







	/s/
	Alan Lien






	 






	Alan Lien



	 






	Chief
	Financial Officer




	 







	 







	 


	 


	 









	 













	 






	EXHIBIT
	99




	 




	EMPLOYMENT
	AGREEMENT




	 




	THIS
	EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (“Agreement”) is entered into by and between Dennis G. Forchic (“Employee”) and Solis
	Tek Inc., a Nevada corporation (the “Company”), and is effective as of January 6, 2017 (the “Effective Date”).




	 




	WHEREAS,
	the Company desires to establish its right to the services of Employee, in the capacity described below, on the terms and conditions
	hereinafter set forth, and Employee is willing to accept such employment on such terms and conditions.




	 




	NOW,
	THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual agreements hereinafter set forth, Employee and the Company have agreed and do hereby
	agree as follows:




	 




	1.
	EMPLOYMENT. The Company agrees to employ Employee as Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and Employee accepts and agrees to
	such employment. During Employee’s employment with the Company, Employee shall perform all services and acts necessary or
	advisable to fulfill the duties and responsibilities as are commensurate and consistent with Employee’s position and shall
	render such services on the terms set forth herein. During Employee’s employment with the Company, Employee shall initially
	be appointed as a member of the Board of Directors of the Company (the “Board”) to serve as director subject to the
	Bylaws of the company. Employee shall have such powers and duties with respect to the Company as may reasonably be assigned to
	Employee by the Board, to the extent consistent with Employee’s position and status. Employee agrees to perform the duties
	of Employee’s position in accordance with the Company’s policies as in effect from time to time. Employee’s
	principal place of employment shall be the Company’s offices located in Carson, California and or Employee’s home
	residence.




	 




	2.
	TERM OF AGREEMENT. The term (“Term”) of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue through
	the fourth anniversary of the Effective Date, unless sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions of Section 1 of the Standard
	Terms and Conditions attached hereto.




	 




	3.
	COMPENSATION.




	 




	(a)
	BASE SALARY. During the Term, the Company shall pay Employee an annual base salary of $162,000 (the “Base Salary”),
	payable in equal biweekly installments or in accordance with the Company’s payroll practice as in effect from time to time.
	For all purposes under this Agreement, the term “Base Salary” shall refer to Base Salary as in effect from time to
	time.




	 




	(b)
	REIMBURSEMENT FOR INCURRED EXPENSES. Employee shall receive reimbursement for all reasonable costs of services provided to the
	Company prior to Effective Date upon submission of expense receipts for such costs.





	 









	1










	 








	 





	(c)
	INCENTIVE BONUS. Employee will be eligible to receive an annual cash and or stock bonus which will be determined by mutually agreed
	performance goals (the “


	Incentive Bonus


	”), which shall be payable upon achievement of performance goals
	mutually agreed between Employee and the Company.




	 




	(d)
	BENEFITS. During the Term, from the Effective Date through the date of termination of Employee’s employment with the Company
	for any reason, Employee shall be entitled to participate in any welfare, health and life insurance and pension benefit and incentive
	programs as may be adopted from time to time by the Company on the same basis as that provided to similarly situated Employees
	of the Company generally. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Employee shall be entitled to the following benefits:




	 




	(i)
	Reimbursement for Business Expenses. During the Term, the Company shall reimburse Employee for all reasonable expenses incurred
	by Employee in performing Employee’s duties for the Company, on the same basis as similarly situated Employees of the Company
	generally and in accordance with the Company’s policies as in effect from time to time.




	 




	(ii)
	Vacation. During the Term, Employee shall be entitled to annual paid vacation in accordance with the plans, policies, programs
	and practices of the Company applicable to similarly situated Employees of the Company generally.




	 




	(e)
	STOCK PURCHASE. Employee will be granted the right to receive 6,196,079 shares (the “Shares”) of the Company’s
	common stock as follows: 784,314 of the Shares will be purchased by Employee for $0.1275 per Share and shall be fully vested,
	and the remaining 5,411,765 shall be granted at par value and shall be fully vested as of Effective Date.




	 




	(f)
	STOCK OPTIONS

	.

	On or following commencement of Employee’s employment and subject to approval of the Board, the Company
	will grant Employee an option to purchase 3,000,000 shares of the Company’s Common Stock (the

	“

	Option

	”

	).
	The Option will have an exercise price equal to $0.60 and will vest over three (3) years , with 33.3% of the total number of shares
	subject to the Option vesting on the one year anniversary of the date of grant and the remainder vesting in equal installments
	at the end of each month thereafter. Vesting will depend on Employee’s continued service with the Company and will be subject
	to the terms and conditions of the Company’s stock incentive plan, provided that in the event of a change in control, Employee’s
	death, or Employee’s Disability, the Option shall accelerate and become fully vested exercisable. In addition the Option
	shall have a post-termination exercise period of five (5) years for any vested options following Employee’s termination
	of service. The Option will, subject to applicable tax rules and limits, be an incentive stock option to the extent permissible
	and the balance of the Options will be “NSOs”.




	 








	2










	 







	 




	4.
	NOTICES. All notices and other communications under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be given by first-class mail,
	certified or registered with return receipt requested or hand delivery acknowledged in writing by the recipient personally, and
	shall be deemed to have been duly given three days after mailing or immediately upon duly acknowledged hand delivery to the respective
	persons named below:




	 






	 




	If
	to the Company:




	Solis
	Tek Inc.








	 




	 




	16926
	South Keegan Avenue






	 




	 




	Carson,
	CA ,90745






	 




	 




	 






	 




	 




	Attention:
	Chairman of the Board






	 




	 




	 






	 




	If
	to Employee:




	At
	the most recent address on record for Employee at the Company.







	 




	Either
	party may change such party’s address for notices by notice duly given pursuant hereto.




	 




	5.       INDEMNIFICATION.




	 




	(a).
	Employee will be named as an insured on the director and officer liability insurance policy currently maintained, or as may be
	maintained by the Company from time to time, and, in addition, Employee will enter into the form of indemnification agreement
	provided to other similarly situated executive officers and directors of the Company.




	 




	(b)
	The Company shall indemnify Employee, to the fullest extent permitted by law, with respect to services to the Company and activities
	in connection with his employment hereunder against all obligations to pay money or perform or not perform actions, including
	without limitation judgments, settlements, penalties, fines, and reasonable Expenses (as defined below) arising from, related
	to, or connected with any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal (except for criminal
	acts outside Company’s relationship to the cannabis industry), administrative, arbitrative or investigative, that involves
	Employee because Employee now serves or has served (i) as an employee or other service provider of the Company or (ii) at the
	Company’s written instruction, as an employee or service provider to another legal entity (in each case, a “Claim”).




	 




	(c)
	The Company shall advance Employee’s reasonable attorneys’ fees, costs and expenses (“Expenses”) arising
	from, related to, or connected with a Claim before the final disposition of the Claim. The Company shall pay any statement for
	Employee’s Expenses within 20 days after receipt of the statement; provided, that (a) such statements shall reasonably evidence
	the Expenses incurred by Employee or on Employee’s behalf and shall include reasonable backup information for all costs
	and disbursements in excess of $250.00 and (b) any request for advancement of attorneys’ and other experts’ fees and
	costs must be accompanied by a detailed billing statement, redacted only as necessary to preserve any applicable attorney-client
	or other legally recognized privilege.




	 








	3










	 







	 




	6.
	GOVERNING LAW; JURISDICTION. This Agreement and the legal relations thus created between the parties hereto shall be governed
	by and construed under and in accordance with the internal laws of the State of California without reference to the principles
	of conflicts of laws. Any and all disputes between the parties which may arise pursuant to this Agreement will be heard and determined
	before an appropriate court in the County of Los Angeles, State of California. The parties acknowledge that such courts have jurisdiction
	to interpret and enforce the provisions of this Agreement, and the parties consent to, and waive any and all objections that they
	may have as to, personal jurisdiction and/or venue in such courts.




	 




	7.
	COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement may be executed in several counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original but all
	of which together will constitute one and the same instrument. Employee expressly understands and acknowledges that the Standard
	Terms and Conditions attached hereto are incorporated herein by reference, deemed a part of this Agreement and are binding and
	enforceable provisions of this Agreement. References to “this Agreement” or the use of the term “hereof”
	shall refer to this Agreement and the Standard Terms and Conditions attached hereto, taken as a whole.




	 




	8.
	CONSTRUCTION. This Agreement is the result of negotiation between the Parties and their respective counsel. This Agreement will
	be interpreted fairly in accordance with its terms and conditions and without any strict construction in favor of either Party.
	Any ambiguity shall not be interpreted against the drafting Party.




	 




	IN
	WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Agreement to be executed and delivered by its duly authorized officer and Employee
	has executed and delivered this Agreement.




	 






	 




	Solis
	Tek Inc.






	 




	 






	 




	By:





	/s/
	Alvin Hao EVP







	 






	 




	Employee:






	 




	 






	 





	s/s
	Dennis G. Forchic








	 









	4










	 







	 




	STANDARD
	TERMS AND CONDITIONS




	 




	1.
	TERMINATION OF EMPLOYEE’S EMPLOYMENT.




	 




	(a)
	DEATH. Upon termination of Employee’s employment prior to the expiration of the Term by reason of Employee’s death,
	the Company shall pay Employee’s designated beneficiary or beneficiaries, within 30 days of Employee’s death in a
	lump sum in cash, (i) Employee’s Base Salary and pro-rated Incentive Bonus from the date of Employee’s death through
	the end of the month in which Employee’s death occurs and (ii) any Accrued Obligations (as defined in Section 1(f) below).




	 




	(b)
	DISABILITY. If, as a result of Employee’s incapacity due to physical or mental illness (“Disability”), Employee
	shall have been absent from the full-time performance of Employee’s duties with the Company for a period of four consecutive
	months and, within 30 days after written notice is provided to Employee by the Company (in accordance with Section [4A] hereof),
	Employee shall not have returned to the full-time performance of Employee’s duties, Employee’s employment under this
	Agreement may be terminated by the Company for Disability. During any period prior to such termination during which Employee is
	absent from the full-time performance of Employee’s duties with the Company due to Disability, the Company shall continue
	to pay Employee’s Base Salary at the rate in effect at the commencement of such period of Disability, offset by any amounts
	payable to Employee under any disability insurance plan or policy provided by the Company. Upon termination of Employee’s
	employment due to Disability, the Company shall pay Employee within 30 days of such termination (i) Employee’s Base Salary
	and pro-rated Incentive Bonus through the end of the month in which Employee’s termination of employment for Disability
	occurs in equal biweekly installments, offset by any amounts payable to Employee under any disability insurance plan or policy
	provided by the Company; and (ii) any Accrued Obligations in a lump sum in cash.




	 




	(c)
	TERMINATION FOR CAUSE; RESIGNATION WITHOUT GOOD REASON. The Company may terminate Employee’s employment under this Agreement
	with or without Cause at any time and Employee may resign under this Agreement with or without Good Reason at any time. As used
	herein, “Cause” shall mean: (i) the plea of guilty or

	nolo contendere

	to, conviction for, or the commission
	of, a felony offense by Employee that is not in connection with Employee’s duties or services to the Company and which will
	reasonably be expected to have a material adverse impact on the Company; provided, however, that after indictment, the Company
	may suspend Employee from the rendition of services, but without limiting or modifying in any other way the Company’s obligations
	under this Agreement; (ii) a willful material breach by Employee of a fiduciary duty owed to the Company or any of its subsidiaries;
	(iii) a knowing and material breach by Employee of any of the covenants made by Employee in Section 2 hereof; (iv) the willful
	or gross neglect by Employee of the material duties required by this Agreement; or (v) a knowing and material violation by Employee
	of any Company policy pertaining to legal compliance or conflicts of interest that, in the case of the conduct described in clauses
	(iv) or (v) above, if curable, is not cured by Employee within 30 days after Employee is provided with written notice thereof.
	Upon Employee’s (A) termination of employment by the Company for Cause prior to the expiration of the Term or (B) resignation
	without Good Reason prior to the expiration of the Term, this Agreement shall terminate without further obligation by the Company,
	except for the payment of any Accrued Obligations in a lump sum in cash within 30 days of such termination.




	 








	5










	 







	 




	(d)
	TERMINATION BY THE COMPANY OTHER THAN FOR CAUSE OR RESIGNATION BY EMPLOYEE FOR GOOD REASON. Upon termination of Employee’s
	employment prior to the expiration of the Term by the Company without Cause or by Employee for Good Reason (as defined below),
	then:




	 




	(i)
	the Company shall continue to pay Employee the Base Salary through the longer of (x) the end of the Term over the course of the
	then remaining Term and (y) 12 months (such period, the “Salary Continuation Period” and such payments, the “Cash
	Severance Payments”), in each case payable in equal biweekly installments and the Company shall pay in cash to Employee
	(within 10 business days of each applicable monthly period) for each month between the date of termination and the end of the
	Salary Continuation Period an amount equal to the premiums charged by the Company to maintain COBRA benefits continuation coverage
	for Employee and Employee’s eligible dependents to the extent such coverage is then in place;




	 




	(ii)
	the Company shall pay Employee within 30 days of the date of such termination in a lump sum in cash any Accrued Obligations;




	 




	(iii)
	any compensation awards of Employee based on, or in the form of, Company equity (e.g. restricted stock, restricted stock units,
	stock options or similar instruments) (“Equity Awards”) that are outstanding and unvested at the time of such termination
	shall 100% vest (and with respect to awards other than stock options and stock appreciation rights, settle) as of the date of
	such termination of employment; provided further that any amount that would vest under this provision but for the fact that outstanding
	performance conditions have not been satisfied shall vest (and with respect to awards other than stock options and stock appreciation
	rights, settle) as if such performance conditions had been fully satisfied ; and provided further that if any Equity Awards made
	subsequent to the Effective Date of this Agreement specifies a more favorable post-termination vesting schedule for such equity,
	the terms of the award agreement for such Equity Award shall govern; and




	 




	(iv)
	any then vested options of Employee (including options vesting as a result of (iii) above) to purchase Company equity, shall remain
	exercisable through the date that is 60 months following the date of such termination or, if earlier, through the scheduled expiration
	date of such options.




	 








	6










	 







	 




	The
	expiration of the Term shall not give rise to any payment to Employee or acceleration obligation under this Section 1(d). The
	payment to Employee of the severance pay or benefits described in Section 1(d) (other than any Accrued Obligations) is contingent
	upon Employee signing and not revoking a separation and release of the Company and its affiliates in a form substantially similar
	to that used for similarly situated Employees of the Company (the “Release”), the offset provisions in Section 1(e),
	and Employee’s compliance with the restrictive covenants set forth in Section 2 (other than any non-compliance that is immaterial,
	does not result in harm to the Company or its affiliates, and, if curable, is cured by Employee promptly after receipt of notice
	thereof given by the Company). The Release must become effective no later than sixty (60) days following Employee’s employment
	termination date or such earlier date required by the Release (such deadline, the “Release Deadline”). If the Release
	does not become effective by the Release Deadline, Employee will forfeit any rights to severance. In no event will severance payments
	or benefits (other than any Accrued Obligations) be paid or provided until the Release becomes effective and irrevocable. Upon
	the Release becoming effective and irrevocable, any payments delayed from the date Employee terminates employment through the
	effective date of the Release will be payable in a lump sum without interest as soon as administratively practicable after the
	Release Deadline and all other amounts will be payable in accordance with the payment schedule applicable to each payment or benefit.
	In the event the termination occurs at a time during the calendar year where the Release could become effective in the calendar
	year following the calendar year in which Employee’s termination occurs, then any severance payments or benefits that would
	be considered Deferred Payments (as defined below) will be paid on the first payroll date to occur during the calendar year following
	the calendar year in which such termination occurs, or, if later, (i) the Release Deadline, (ii) such time as required by the
	payment schedule provided above that is applicable to each payment or benefit, or (iii) the Delayed Initial Payment Date (as defined
	below). Employee acknowledges and agrees that the Company’s payment of severance pay and benefits (except Accrued Obligations)
	constitutes good and valuable consideration for such Release.




	 








	7










	 







	 




	As
	used herein, “Good Reason” shall mean the occurrence of any of the following without Employee’s prior written
	consent: (A) the Company’s breach of any material provision of this Agreement or the failure to have this agreement assumed
	by any successor, (B) the material reduction in Employee’s duties, reporting responsibilities or level of responsibilities
	as CEO of the Company, excluding for this purpose any such reduction that is an isolated and inadvertent action not taken in bad
	faith or that is authorized pursuant to this Agreement, (C) a reduction in Employee’s Base Salary or Employee’s total
	annual compensation opportunity, or (D) the relocation of Employee’s principal place of employment more than 50 miles outside
	the Los Angeles Metropolitan Area or his residence , provided that in no event shall Employee’s resignation be for “Good
	Reason” unless (x) an event or circumstance set forth in clauses (A) through (D) shall have occurred and Employee provides
	the Company with written notice thereof within 30 days after Employee has knowledge of the occurrence or existence of such event
	or circumstance, which notice specifically identifies the event or circumstance that Employee believes constitutes Good Reason,
	(y) the Company fails to correct the circumstance or event so identified within 30 days after receipt of such notice, and (z)
	Employee resigns within 90 days after the date of delivery of the notice referred to in clause (x) above. Notwithstanding the
	preceding provisions of this Section [1(d)], in the event that Employee is a “specified employee” (within the meaning
	of Section 409A) on the date of termination of Employee’s employment with the Company and the Cash Severance Payments to
	be paid within the first six months following such date (the “Initial Payment Period”) exceed the amount referenced
	in Treas. Regs. Section 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii)(A) (the “Limit”), then (1) any portion of the Cash Severance Payments
	that is a “short-term deferral” within the meaning of Treas. Regs. Section 1.409A-1(b)(4)(i) shall be paid at the
	times set forth in Section 1(d), (2) any portion of the Cash Severance Payments (in addition to the amounts contemplated by the
	immediately preceding clause (1)) that is payable during the Initial Payment Period that does not exceed the Limit shall be paid
	at the times set forth in Section 1(d) as applicable, (3) any portion of the Cash Severance Payments that exceeds the Limit and
	is not a “short-term deferral” (and would have been payable during the Initial Payment Period but for the Limit) shall
	be paid, with Interest, on the first business day of the first calendar month that begins after the six-month anniversary of Employee’s
	“separation from service” (within the meaning of Section 409A) and (4) any portion of the Cash Severance Payments
	that is payable after the Initial Payment Period shall be paid at the times set forth in Section 1(d). For purposes of this Agreement,
	“Interest” shall mean interest at the applicable federal rate provided for in Section 7872(f)(2)(A) of the Code, from
	the date on which payment would otherwise have been made but for any required delay through the date of payment.




	 




	(e)
	ACCRUED OBLIGATIONS. As used in this Agreement, “Accrued Obligations” shall mean the sum of (i) any portion of Employee’s
	accrued and earned but unpaid Base Salary and Incentive Bonus through the date of death, disability, or termination of employment
	for any reason, as the case may be; (ii) any compensation previously earned but deferred by Employee (together with any interest
	or earnings thereon) that has not yet been paid and that is not otherwise paid at a later date pursuant to any deferred compensation
	arrangement of the Company to which Employee is a party, if any (provided, that any election made by Employee pursuant to any
	deferred compensation arrangement that is subject to Section 409A regarding the schedule for payment of such deferred compensation
	shall prevail over this Section 1(f) to the extent inconsistent herewith); and (iii) other than in the event of Employee’s
	resignation without Good Reason or termination by the Company for Cause (except as required by applicable law), any portion of
	Employee’s accrued but unpaid vacation pay through the date of death or termination of employment.




	 




	(f)
	OTHER BENEFITS. Upon any termination of Employee’s employment prior to the expiration of the Term, Employee shall remain
	entitled to receive any vested benefits or amounts that Employee is otherwise entitled to receive under any plan, policy, practice
	or program of, or any other contract or agreement with, the Company in accordance with the terms thereof (other than any such
	plan, policy, practice or program of the Company that provides benefits in the nature of severance or continuation pay).




	 








	8










	 







	 




	(g)
	SECTION 409A. This Agreement is intended to comply with Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, including
	any regulations and guidance issued thereunder (“Section 409A”), to the extent Section 409A is applicable to this
	Agreement. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, this Agreement shall be interpreted, operated
	and administered by the Company in a manner consistent with such intention and to avoid the pre-distribution inclusion in income
	of amounts deferred under this Agreement and the imposition of any additional tax or interest with respect thereto. Without limiting
	the generality of the foregoing, to the extent required in order to comply with Section 409A, amounts that would otherwise be
	payable under this Agreement during the six-month period immediately following the date of termination of the Employee’s
	employment shall instead be paid on the first business day after the date that is six months following the Employee’s “separation
	from service” within the meaning of Section 409A.




	 




	2.
	CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION; DUTY OF LOYALTY; NON-SOLICITATION; NON-COMPETITION; AND PROPRIETARY RIGHTS.




	 




	(a)
	CONFIDENTIALITY. Employee acknowledges that while employed by the Company Employee will occupy a position of trust and confidence.
	The Company has provided and shall continue to provide Employee with Confidential Information. Employee shall hold in a fiduciary
	capacity for benefit of the Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates, and shall not, except as may be required to perform Employee’s
	duties hereunder or as required by applicable law, without limitation in time, communicate, divulge, disseminate, disclose to
	others or otherwise use, whether directly or indirectly, any Confidential Information. “Confidential Information”
	shall mean information about the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates, and their respective businesses, employees,
	consultants, contractors, suppliers, clients and customers that is not disclosed by the Company or any of its subsidiaries or
	affiliates for financial reporting purposes and that was learned by Employee in the course of employment by the Company or any
	of its subsidiaries or affiliates, including (without limitation) any proprietary knowledge, trade secrets, data, formulae, processes,
	methods, research, secret data, costs, names of users or purchasers of their respective products or services, business methods,
	operating procedures or programs or methods of promotion and sale, information relating to accounting or tax strategies and data,
	information and client and customer lists and all papers, resumes, and records (including computer records) of the documents containing
	such Confidential Information. For purposes of this Section 2(a), information shall not cease to be Confidential Information merely
	because it is embraced by general disclosures for financial reporting purposes or because individual features or combinations
	thereof are publicly available. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions, if Employee is required to disclose any such confidential
	or proprietary information pursuant to applicable law or a subpoena or court order, Employee shall promptly notify the Company
	in writing of any such requirement so that the Company may seek an appropriate protective order or other appropriate remedy or
	waive compliance with the provisions hereof. Employee shall reasonably cooperate with the Company to obtain such a protective
	order or other remedy. If such order or other remedy is not obtained prior to the time Employee is required to make the disclosure,
	or the Company waives compliance with the provisions hereof, Employee shall disclose only that portion of the confidential or
	proprietary information which he is advised by counsel that he is legally required to so disclose. Employee acknowledges that
	such Confidential Information is specialized, unique in nature and of great value to the Company and its subsidiaries or affiliates,
	and that such information gives the Company and its subsidiaries or affiliates a competitive advantage. Employee agrees to deliver
	or return to the Company, at the Company’s request at any time or upon termination or expiration of Employee’s employment,
	all documents, computer tapes and disks, plans, initiatives, strategies, records, lists, data, drawings, prints, notes and written
	information (and all copies thereof) created by or on behalf of the Company or its subsidiaries or affiliates or prepared by Employee
	in the course of Employee’s employment by the Company and its subsidiaries or affiliates. As used in this Agreement, “subsidiaries”
	and “affiliates” shall mean any company controlled by, controlling or under common control with the Company.




	 








	9










	 







	 




	(b)
	NON-COMPETITION. In consideration of the Company’s promise to disclose, and disclosure of, its Confidential Information
	and other good and valuable consideration provided hereunder, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged by
	Employee, Employee hereby agrees and covenants that until the later of the last day of the Term or until the Employee’s
	date of termination of employment from the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates for any reason, including the expiration
	of the Term (the “Restricted Period”), Employee shall not, directly or indirectly, engage in, assist or become associated
	with a Competitive Activity. For purposes of this Section 2(b): (i) a “Competitive Activity” means, at the time of
	Employee’s termination, any business or other endeavor in any jurisdiction of a kind being conducted by the Company or any
	of its subsidiaries or affiliates (or demonstrably anticipated by the Company or its subsidiaries or affiliates in any jurisdiction
	as of the Effective Date or at any time thereafter); and (ii) Employee shall be considered to have become “associated with
	a Competitive Activity” if Employee becomes directly or indirectly involved as an owner, principal, employee, officer, director,
	independent contractor, representative, stockholder, financial backer, agent, partner, advisor, lender, or in any other individual
	or representative capacity with any individual, partnership, corporation or other organization that is engaged in a Competitive
	Activity. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) Employee may make and retain investments during the Restricted Period, for investment
	purposes only, in less than 5% of the outstanding capital stock of any publicly-traded corporation engaged in a Competitive Activity
	if stock of such corporation is either listed on a national stock exchange or on the NASDAQ National Market System if Employee
	is not otherwise affiliated with such corporation is not directly involved with the provision of direction or management of such
	entity;




	 








	10










	 







	 




	(c)
	NON-SOLICITATION OF EMPLOYEES. Employee recognizes that he or she will possess Confidential Information about other employees,
	officers, directors, agents, consultants and independent contractors of the Company and its subsidiaries or affiliates relating
	to their education, experience, skills, abilities, compensation and benefits, and inter-personal relationships with suppliers
	to and customers of the Company and its subsidiaries or affiliates. Employee recognizes that the information he or she will possess
	about these employees, officers, directors, agents, consultants and independent contractors is not generally known, is of substantial
	value to the Company and its subsidiaries or affiliates in developing their respective businesses and in securing and retaining
	customers, and will be acquired by Employee because of Employee’s business position with the Company. Employee agrees (i)
	that, during the Restricted Period, Employee will not, directly or indirectly, hire or solicit or recruit the employment or services
	of (i.e., whether as an employee, officer, director, agent, consultant or independent contractor), or encourage to change such
	person’s relationship with the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates, any employee, officer, director, agent,
	consultant or independent contractor of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates provided, however, that a general
	solicitation of the public for employment shall not constitute a solicitation hereunder so long as such general solicitation is
	not designed to target, or does not have the effect of targeting, any employee, officer, director, agent, consultant or independent
	contractor of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates and (ii) that Employee will not convey any Confidential Information
	or trade secrets about any employees, officers, directors, agents, consultants and independent contractors of the Company or any
	of its subsidiaries or affiliates to any other person except within the scope of Employee’s duties hereunder.




	 




	(d)
	NON-SOLICITATION OF CUSTOMERS, SUPPLIERS, PARTNERS. During the Restricted Period, Employee shall not, without the prior written
	consent of the Company, directly or indirectly, solicit, attempt to do business with, or do business with any customers of, suppliers
	to, business partners of or business affiliates of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates (collectively, “Trade
	Relationships”) on behalf of any entity engaged in a Competitive Activity, or encourage (regardless of who initiates the
	contact) any Trade Relationship to use the services of any competitor of the Company or its subsidiaries or affiliates, or encourage
	any Trade Relationship to change its relationship with the Company or its subsidiaries or affiliates.




	 




	(e)
	PROPRIETARY RIGHTS; ASSIGNMENT. All Employee Developments (as defined below) shall be made for hire by Employee for the Company
	or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates. “Employee Developments” means any idea, discovery, invention, design, method,
	technique, improvement, enhancement, development, computer program, machine, algorithm or other work or authorship, in each case,
	(i) that (A) relates to the business or operations of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates, or (B) results from
	or is suggested by any undertaking assigned to Employee or work performed by Employee for or on behalf of the Company or any of
	its subsidiaries or affiliates, whether created alone or with others, during or after working hours and (ii) that is conceived
	or developed during the Term. All Confidential Information and all Employee Developments shall remain the sole property of the
	Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates. Employee shall acquire no proprietary interest in any Confidential Information
	or Employee Developments developed or acquired during the Term. To the extent Employee may, by operation of law or otherwise,
	acquire any right, title or interest in or to any Confidential Information or Employee Development, Employee hereby assigns to
	the Company all such proprietary rights. Employee shall, both during and after the Term, upon the Company’s request, promptly
	execute and deliver to the Company all such assignments, certificates and instruments, and shall promptly perform such other acts,
	as the Company may from time to time in its reasonable discretion deem necessary or desirable to evidence, establish, maintain,
	perfect, enforce or defend the Company’s rights in Confidential Information and Employee Developments.




	 








	11










	 







	 




	(f)
	COMPLIANCE WITH POLICIES AND PROCEDURES. During the Term, Employee shall adhere to the policies and standards of professionalism
	set forth in the Company’s Policies and Procedures as they may exist from time to time.




	 




	(g)
	REMEDIES FOR BREACH. Employee expressly agrees and understands that Employee will notify the Company in writing of any alleged
	breach of this Agreement by the Company, and the Company will have 30 days from receipt of Employee’s notice to cure any
	such breach. Employee expressly agrees and understands that the remedy at law for any breach by Employee of this Section 2 will
	be inadequate and that damages flowing from such breach are not usually susceptible to being measured in monetary terms. Accordingly,
	it is acknowledged that upon Employee’s violation of any provision of this Section 2 the Company shall be entitled to obtain
	from any court of competent jurisdiction immediate injunctive relief and obtain a temporary order restraining any threatened or
	further breach as well as an equitable accounting of all profits or benefits arising out of such violation. Nothing in this Section
	2 shall be deemed to limit the Company’s remedies at law or in equity for any breach by Employee of any of the provisions
	of this Section 2, which may be pursued by or available to the Company.




	 




	(h)
	SURVIVAL OF PROVISIONS. The obligations contained in this Section 2 shall, to the extent provided in this Section 2, survive the
	termination or expiration of Employee’s employment with the Company for a period of two (2) years and, as applicable, shall
	be fully enforceable thereafter in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. If it is determined by a court of competent jurisdiction
	in any state that any restriction in this Section 2 is excessive in duration or scope or is unreasonable or unenforceable under
	the laws of that state, it is the intention of the parties that such restriction may be modified or amended by the court to render
	it enforceable to the maximum extent permitted by the law of that state.




	 




	3.
	MERGER. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties and terminates and supersedes any and all prior agreements
	and understandings (whether written or oral) between the parties with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement. Employee
	acknowledges and agrees that neither the Company nor anyone acting on its behalf has made, and is not making, and in executing
	this Agreement, Employee has not relied upon, any representations, promises or inducements except to the extent the same is expressly
	set forth in this Agreement.




	 








	12










	 







	 




	4.
	ASSIGNMENT; SUCCESSORS. This Agreement is personal in its nature and none of the parties hereto shall, without the consent of
	the others, assign or transfer this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder, provided that, in the event of a transfer
	of Employee to any entity affiliated with the Company and/or the merger, consolidation, transfer, or sale of all or substantially
	all of the assets of the Company with or to any other individual or entity, this Agreement shall, subject to the provisions hereof,
	be binding upon and inure to the benefit of such successor and such successor shall discharge and perform all the promises, covenants,
	duties, and obligations of the Company hereunder, and all references herein to the “Company” shall refer to such successor.




	 




	5.
	WITHHOLDING. The Company shall make such deductions and withhold such amounts from each payment and benefit made or provided to
	Employee hereunder, as may be required from time to time by applicable law, governmental regulation or order.




	 




	6.
	HEADING REFERENCES. Section headings in this Agreement are included herein for convenience of reference only and shall not constitute
	a part of this Agreement for any other purpose. References to “this Agreement” or the use of the term “hereof”
	shall refer to these Standard Terms and Conditions and the Employment Agreement attached hereto, taken as a whole.




	 




	7.
	WAIVER; MODIFICATION. Failure to insist upon strict compliance with any of the terms, covenants, or conditions hereof shall not
	be deemed a waiver of such term, covenant, or condition, nor shall any waiver or relinquishment of, or failure to insist upon
	strict compliance with, any right or power hereunder at any one or more times be deemed a waiver or relinquishment of such right
	or power at any other time or times. This Agreement shall not be modified in any respect, or extended beyond expiration of the
	Term (regardless of continued employment), except by a writing executed by each party hereto.




	 




	8.
	SEVERABILITY. In the event that a court of competent jurisdiction determines that any portion of this Agreement is in violation
	of any law or public policy, only the portions of this Agreement that violate such law or public policy shall be stricken. All
	portions of this Agreement that do not violate any statute or public policy shall continue in full force and effect. Further,
	any court order striking any portion of this Agreement shall modify the stricken terms as narrowly as possible to give as much
	effect as possible to the intentions of the parties under this Agreement.




	 




	[Signature
	Page Follows]




	 








	13










	 







	 




	ACKNOWLEDGED
	AND AGREED AS OF THE EFFECTIVE DATE:




	 






	 




	Solis
	Tek Inc.






	 




	 






	 




	By:





	/s/
	Alvin HaoEVP    

	27 March 2017






	 






	 




	Employee:






	 




	 






	 





	/s/
	Dennis G. Forchic

	27 March 2017







	 









	14










	 


















MarketWatch.com Topics

























Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets After Hours



Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers


















Topics







		Istanbul



			Brexit




		Guns







		Millennials




		Immigration



			Apple

/conga/topics/main.html
369880



Subjects in the news



U.S. Economy


U.S. Politics


Earnings


Sales


Aerospace


Ice




Markets


Production


Iraq


Russia


Oil


United Kingdom




Europe


European Markets


London Markets


Health Care


Income


Insurance






People in the news



Jones, Edward


Trump, Donald


Woods, Tiger


Buffett, Warren


Putnam, George


Clinton, Bill




Obama, Barack


Putin, Vladimir


Tillerson, Rex


Washington, George


Ryan, James


Walker, David




West, David


Williams, James


Gray, John


Clooney, George


Cruise, Tom


Jolie, Angelina






Companies in the news



Northrop Grumman Corp.


International Data Group


New York Mercantile Exchange


American International Group


Health Care Insurance


Miners




Metal Exchange


Target Corp.


United National


Performance


News Corp.


Jones




Oppenheimer


International Industries


Transport Service


Capital One Financial


Apple Inc.


eBay Inc.






Organizations in the news



American Petroleum Institute


European Union


OPEC


Education Department


Transportation Department


European Central Bank




Federal Reserve Bank of New York


Congress


Public Service Commission


Securities and Exchange Commission


Baseball


Nasdaq Stock Market




Consumers Union


World Bank


Council on Foreign Relations


Security Council


Senate


Boston College












Browse topics:


A


B


C


D


E


F


G


H


I


J


K


L


M


N


O


P


Q


R


S


T


U


V


W


X


Y


Z


0-9





















Log In




4:38 PM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	After


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
4:34pLong-dated Treasury yields see weekly climb 
4:33pS&P 500, Nasdaq finish lower after Amazon disappointment; Dow closes at record
4:32pThe highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart
4:32pWall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
4:32pHow to raise your kids to be frugal (but not too frugal)
4:31pCities to move to if you want to work in tech — NOT including San Francisco
4:31pWhat Donald Trump’s battle of wills with Jeff Sessions teaches you about a difficult boss
4:31pOne way you’re paying credit-card fees, even if you don’t have a card
4:30pTrump, Russia and Sanctions: What We Know 
4:30pThis is the worst mistake people make at work
4:30pMove over, breathalyzers; ‘textalyzers’ could be used on drivers’ phones 
4:29pJared Kushner’s unorthodox approach to meetings is a cautionary tale for office workers everywhere
4:28pHere’s how much you should spend on a yoga mat 
4:26p5 weird things I found out about America in my first 24 hours 
4:26pWeekend Sip: Is this the world’s first distilled non-alcoholic spirit?
4:22pGoodyear stock stumbles 11% after quarter ‘played out differently than we expected’
4:21pTime for GOP to face reality: Everybody is going to have health insurance
4:19pBREAKINGDow industrials just 170 points shy of 22,000 milestone
4:17pWhy tax cuts for the rich solve nothing
4:10pCigarette maker stocks plunge on FDA announcement, but health experts are skeptical
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,830.31

+33.76
+0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,374.68

-7.51
-0.12%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.10

-3.32
-0.13%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15
















































Solis Tek Inc. 10-Q/A May.  8, 2017  6:11 AM | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Solis Tek Inc. (SLTK)FORM 10-Q/A | Amended Quarterly ReportMay.  8, 2017  6:11 AM|About: Solis Tek Inc. (SLTK)View as PDF

 Solis Tek, Inc./NV (Form: 10-Q/A, Received: 05/08/2017 06:13:27) 










	 





	 








	 




	UNITED
	STATES






	SECURITIES
	AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION






	Washington,
	D.C. 20549





	 





	Form
	10-Q/A






	(Amendment
	No. 1)





	 




	(Mark
	One)




	 






	 




	[X]




	QUARTERLY
	REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934






	 




	FOR
	THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED: MARCH 31, 2017




	 






	 




	[  ]




	TRANSITION
	REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934






	 




	For
	the transition period from __________ to __________




	 




	Commission
	File Number: ________________




	 







	SOLIS
	TEK INC.





	(Exact
	name of registrant as specified in its charter)




	 







	Nevada





	 





	20-8609439







	(State
	or other jurisdiction of




	 




	(I.R.S.
	Employer






	incorporation
	or organization)




	 




	Identification
	No.)







	 





	16926
	S. Keegan Ave Suite A






	Carson,
	CA 90746





	(Address
	of principal executive offices, Zip Code)




	 





	(888)
	998-8881





	(Registrant’s
	telephone number, including area code)




	 




	Indicate
	by check mark whether the registrant (1) filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act of
	1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
	has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes [X] No [  ]




	 




	Indicate
	by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
	Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the
	preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes [X] No [  ]




	 




	Indicate
	by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
	reporting company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller
	reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.




	 






	Large
	accelerated filer [  ]




	Accelerated
	filer

	[  ]







	Non-accelerated
	filer

	[  ]





	Smaller
	reporting company [X]






	 




	Indicate
	by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes [  ] No [X]




	 




	The
	number of shares of registrant’s common stock outstanding as of May 8, 2017 was 36,593,077. The registrant had no outstanding
	preferred stock as of that date.




	 





	 







	 







	 









	 







	 





	Explanatory
	Note



	 




	 




	The
	sole purpose of this Amendment No. 1 on Form 10-Q/A to Solis Tek Inc’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
	March 31, 2017, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 8, 2017 (the “Form 10-Q”), is to correct
	typographical errors that occurred during the Edgarizing process.




	 


	 











	 









	 











	 





	FORM
	10-Q






	SOLIS
	TEK INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES






	MARCH
	31, 2017






	TABLE
	OF CONTENTS





	 






	 




	 





	Page









	PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION






	 






	 




	 




	 






	Item
	1.





	Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements





	3






	Item
	2.





	Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations





	14






	Item
	3.





	Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk





	18






	Item
	4.





	Controls and Procedures





	18






	Item
	1.





	Legal Proceedings





	19






	Item
	1A.





	Risk Factors





	19






	Item
	2.





	Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds





	19






	Item
	3.





	Defaults Upon Senior Securities





	19






	Item
	4.





	Mine Safety Disclosures





	19






	Item
	5.





	Other Information





	19






	Item
	6.





	Exhibits





	19






	 




	 




	 








	SIGNATURES






	20






	 








	2










	 







	 









	PART
	I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION





	 









	Item
	1. Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.





	 











	Solis
	Tek Inc.








	Condensed
	Consolidated Balance Sheets





















	 





	 


	 




	March 31,




	2017




	 


	 


	December 31, 2016


	 




	 


	 


	(Unaudited)


	 


	 


	 


	 




	ASSETS


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	CURRENT ASSETS


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Cash


	 


	$


	414,937


	 


	 


	$


	275,783


	 




	Accounts Receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts of $411,822 and $359,395


	 


	 


	1,286,373


	 


	 


	 


	628,691


	 




	Inventories


	 


	 


	2,014,820


	 


	 


	 


	2,880,804


	 




	Advances to suppliers


	 


	 


	192,857


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Prepaid expenses and other current assets


	 


	 


	77,363


	 


	 


	 


	75,109


	 




	Total current assets


	 


	 


	3,986,350


	 


	 


	 


	3,860,387


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Property and equipment, net


	 


	 


	190,391


	 


	 


	 


	204,936


	 




	Other assets


	 


	 


	32,072


	 


	 


	 


	32,071


	 




	TOTAL ASSETS


	 


	$


	4,208,813


	 


	 


	$


	4,097,394


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	CURRENT LIABILITIES


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Accounts payable and accrued expenses


	 


	$


	735,519


	 


	 


	$


	552,057


	 




	Due to related party vendor


	 


	 


	422,526


	 


	 


	 


	1,083,764


	 




	Note payable - related parties


	 


	 


	545,000


	 


	 


	 


	265,000


	 




	Amount due to related parties


	 


	 


	137,508


	 


	 


	 


	134,086


	 




	Capital lease obligations, current portion


	 


	 


	11,919


	 


	 


	 


	13,711


	 




	Loans payable, current portion


	 


	 


	8,161


	 


	 


	 


	8,262


	 




	Total Current Liabilities


	 


	 


	1,860,633


	 


	 


	 


	2,056,880


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Capital lease obligations, net of current portion


	 


	 


	8,102


	 


	 


	 


	9,665


	 




	Loans payable, net of current portion


	 


	 


	24,020


	 


	 


	 


	25,958


	 




	Notes payable related parties, net of current portion


	 


	 


	600,000


	 


	 


	 


	600,000


	 




	Total liabilities


	 


	 


	2,492,755


	 


	 


	 


	2,692,503


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Commitments and contingencies


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Shareholders’ Equity


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 






	 


	 




	 


	 


	 




	 




	Preferred stock, no par value, 20,000,000 shares authorized; no shares issued and
	outstanding


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Common stock, $0.001 par value, 100,000,000 shares authorized; 36,593,077 and 29,721,998 shares issued and outstanding at
	March 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016, respectively


	 


	 


	3,660


	 


	 


	 


	2,972


	 




	Additional paid-in-capital


	 


	 


	6,885,058


	 


	 


	 


	2,822,592


	 




	Accumulated deficit


	 


	 


	(5,172,660


	)


	 


	 


	(1,420,673


	)




	Total Shareholders’ Equity


	 


	 


	1,716,058


	 


	 


	 


	1,404,891


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY


	 


	$


	4,208,813


	 


	 


	$


	4,097,394


	 






	 




	The
	accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements.




	 








	3










	 







	 









	Solis
	Tek Inc.








	Condensed
	Consolidated Statements of Operations







	 





	 


	 


	Three months ended March 31,


	 




	 


	 


	2017


	 


	 


	2016


	 




	 


	 


	(Unaudited)


	 




	Sales


	 


	$


	2,901,826


	 


	 


	$


	2,584,668


	 




	Cost of goods sold (including $1,465,996 and $1,366,622 from related party)


	 


	 


	1,781,304


	 


	 


	 


	1,658,711


	 




	Gross profit


	 


	 


	1,120,522


	 


	 


	 


	925,957


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Operating expenses


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Selling, general and administrative expenses


	 


	 


	4,764,655


	 


	 


	 


	753,694


	 




	Research and development


	 


	 


	82,770


	 


	 


	 


	57,000


	 




	Total operating expenses


	 


	 


	4,847,425


	 


	 


	 


	810,694


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Loss from operations


	 


	 


	(3,726,903


	)


	 


	 


	115,263


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Interest expense


	 


	 


	(24,171


	)


	 


	 


	(26,774


	)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Loss before income taxes


	 


	 


	(3,751,074


	)


	 


	 


	88,489


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Provision for income taxes


	 


	 


	913


	 


	 


	 


	43,529


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	NET INCOME (LOSS)


	 


	$


	(3,751,987


	)


	 


	$


	44,960


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	BASIC AND DILUTED LOSS PER SHARE


	 


	$


	(0.10


	)


	 


	$


	0.00


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	WEIGHTED - AVERAGE COMMON SHARES OUTSTANDING BASIC AND
	DILUTED


	 


	 


	36,388,724


	 


	 


	 


	29,594,800


	 






	 




	The
	accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements.




	 








	4










	 







	 









	Solis
	Tek Inc.








	Condensed
	Consolidated Statement of Shareholders’ Equity (Unaudited)







	 





	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	Additional


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	Common Stock


	 


	 


	Paid-in


	 


	 


	Accumulated


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	Shares


	 


	 


	Amount


	 


	 


	Capital


	 


	 


	Deficit


	 


	 


	Total


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Balance, December 31, 2016


	 


	 


	29,721,998


	 


	 


	$


	2,972


	 


	 


	$


	2,822,592


	 


	 


	$


	(1,420,673


	)


	 


	$


	1,404,891


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Net proceeds from the sale of common stock


	 


	 


	375,000


	 


	 


	 


	38


	 


	 


	 


	299,962


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	300,000


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Fair value of common stock issued for services


	 


	 


	300,000


	 


	 


	 


	30


	 


	 


	 


	512,970


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	513,000


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Fair value of common stock issued to employees


	 


	 


	6,196,079


	 


	 


	 


	620


	 


	 


	 


	3,184,380


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	3,185,000


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Fair Value of vested options


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	65,154


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	65,154


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Net loss for the quarter ended March 31, 2017


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	(3,751,987


	)


	 


	 


	(3,751,987


	)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Balance, March 3, 2017


	 


	 


	36,593,077


	 


	 


	$


	3,660


	 


	 


	$


	6,885,058


	 


	 


	$


	(5,172,660


	)


	 


	$


	1,716,058


	 






	 




	The
	accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements.




	 








	5










	 







	 









	Solis
	Tek Inc.








	Condensed
	Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows







	 





	 


	 


	Three months ended March 31,


	 




	 


	 


	2017


	 


	 


	2016


	 




	 


	 


	 




	(Unaudited)




	 




	Cash Flows from Operating Activities


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Net Income (Loss)


	 


	$


	(3,751,987


	)


	 


	$


	44,960


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Provision for bad debt expense


	 


	 


	52,487


	 


	 


	 


	38,935


	 




	Depreciation and amortization


	 


	 


	17,745


	 


	 


	 


	17,515


	 




	Amortization of loan fees


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	10,000


	 




	Interest expense on loans payable to officers


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	3,889


	 




	Interest expense on loans payable - related parties


	 


	 


	3,422


	 


	 


	 


	4,378


	 




	Fair value of common stock issued for services


	 


	 


	3,663,154


	 


	 


	 


	36,000


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Changes in Assets and Liabilities


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	(Increase) Decrease in:


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Accounts receivable


	 


	 


	(710,169


	)


	 


	 


	(412,030


	)




	Inventories


	 


	 


	865,984


	 


	 


	 


	805,924


	 




	Advances to suppliers


	 


	 


	(192,857


	)


	 


	 


	(43,741


	)




	Prepaid expenses and other


	 


	 


	(2,254


	)


	 


	 


	(14,430


	)




	(Decrease) Increase in:


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Accounts payable and accrued expenses


	 


	 


	183,461


	 


	 


	 


	(164,145


	)




	Due to related party vendor


	 


	 


	(661,238


	)


	 


	 


	(93,436


	)




	Income taxes payable


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	43,529


	 




	Net cash used in operating activities


	 


	 


	(532,252


	)


	 


	 


	277,348


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Cash Flows from Investing Activities


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Purchase of property and equipment


	 


	 


	(3,200


	)


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Net cash used in investing activities


	 


	 


	(3,200


	)


	 


	 


	-


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Cash Flows from Financing Activities


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Net proceeds from sale of common stock


	 


	 


	400,000


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Payments on capital lease obligations


	 


	 


	(3,355


	)


	 


	 


	(3,127


	)




	Payments on loans payable


	 


	 


	(2,039


	)


	 


	 


	(193,518


	)




	Proceeds from notes payable related parties


	 


	 


	300,000


	 


	 


	 


	110,000


	 




	Payments on notes payable related parties


	 


	 


	(20,000


	)


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Net cash provided by financing activities


	 


	 


	674,606


	 


	 


	 


	(86,645


	)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Net increase (decrease) in cash


	 


	 


	139,154


	 


	 


	 


	190,703


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Cash beginning of period


	 


	 


	275,783


	 


	 


	 


	106,316


	 




	Cash end of period


	 


	$


	414,937


	 


	 


	$


	297,019


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Interest paid


	 


	$


	10,999


	 


	 


	$


	18,507


	 




	Taxes paid


	 


	$


	-


	 


	 


	$


	3,126


	 






	 




	The
	accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements.




	 










	6










	 






	 



	SOLIS TEK INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES





	NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
	(UNAUDITED)


	FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED MARCH 31, 2017 AND
	2016


	 






	 




	 



	NOTE 1 – BASIS OF PRESENTATION



	 


	The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated
	financial statements of Solis Tek Inc. and Subsidiaries (the “Company”) have been prepared in accordance with accounting
	principles generally accepted in the United States of America for interim financial information and with the instructions to Form
	10-Q and Rule 10-01 of Regulation S-X. Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and footnotes required by generally
	accepted accounting principles for complete financial statements. In the opinion of management, all normal recurring adjustments
	considered necessary for a fair presentation have been included. Operating results for the three months ended March 31, 2017 are
	not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the year ending December 31, 2017.


	 




	History and Organization




	 


	Solis Tek Inc. (the “Company”)
	was originally incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada on March 2, 2007 as Cinjet, Inc. (“Cinjet”). Effective
	September 1, 2015, Cinjet changed its corporate name to Solis Tek Inc. On June 23, 2015, the Company entered into an Agreement
	of Merger and Plan of Reorganization (the “Agreement”) with Solis Tek Inc., a California corporation (“STI”),
	and CJA Acquisition Corp., a California corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (“Merger Sub”), providing
	for the merger of Merger Sub with and into STI (the “Merger”), with STI surviving the Merger as a wholly-owned subsidiary
	of the Company. The Merger was accounted for as a recapitalization of the Company with STI being deemed the accounting acquirer.


	 




	Overview of Business




	 


	Solis Tek Inc. is focused on the research,
	design, development and manufacturing of advanced, energy efficient indoor horticulture lighting and ancillary equipment. Our vision
	is to apply the latest advances in high efficiency lighting and controls technology as well as effective manufacturing techniques
	to deliver highly differentiated products with clear benefits at competitive prices to the greenhouse and indoor horticulture markets.


	 







	7










	 






	 



	SOLIS TEK INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES



	NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
	(UNAUDITED)


	FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED MARCH 31, 2017 AND
	2016


	 






	 




	 



	NOTE 2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
	POLICIES



	 



	Basis of Consolidation



	 


	The consolidated financial statements include
	the accounts of the Company and its wholly owned subsidiaries Solis Tek East Corporation (“STE”), an entity incorporated
	under the laws of the State of New Jersey and GrowPro Solutions, Inc. (“GrowPro”), and entity incorporated under the
	laws of the State of California. Intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation.


	 



	Income (Loss) Per Share Calculations



	 


	Basic earnings (loss) per share are computed
	by dividing income (loss) available to common shareholders by the weighted-average number of common shares available. Shares of
	restricted stock subject to vesting are included in basic weighted average common shares outstanding from the time they vest. Diluted
	earnings (loss) per share is computed similar to basic earnings (loss) per share except that the denominator is increased to include
	the number of additional common shares that would have been outstanding if the potential common shares had been issued and if the
	additional common shares were dilutive. Weighted average number of shares outstanding has been retroactively restated for the equivalent
	number of shares received by the accounting acquirer as a result of the reverse merger as if these shares had been outstanding
	as of the beginning of the earliest period presented. Options to acquire 3,000,000 shares of common stock have been excluded from
	the calculation of weighted average common shares outstanding at March 31, 2017 as their effect would have been anti-dilutive.


	 



	Use of Estimates



	 


	The preparation of the consolidated financial
	statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S requires management to make estimates and assumptions
	that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the financial statement
	date, and reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Significant estimates are used in valuing our allowances
	for doubtful accounts and inventory valuations, among others. Actual results could differ from these estimates.


	 



	Revenue Recognition



	 


	The Company recognizes revenue upon shipment
	of the Company’s products to its customers, provided that evidence of an arrangement exists, title and risk of loss have
	passed to the customer, fees are fixed or determinable, and collection of the related receivable is reasonably assured. Title to
	the Company’s products primarily is transferred to the customer once the product is shipped from the Company’s warehouses.
	Products are not shipped until there is a written agreement with the customer with a specified payment arrangement. Any discounts
	that are offered are done as a reduction of the invoiced amount at the time of billing. Payments received before all of the relevant
	criteria for revenue recognition are satisfied are recorded as customer deposits.


	 


	The Company does not offer a general right
	of return on any of its sales and considers all sales as final. The Company generally provides a three-year warranty on its ballasts.
	However, the Company does not maintain a warranty reserve as the Company is able to chargeback its vendors for all warranty claims.
	As of March 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016, the Company recorded a reserve for returned product in the amount of $45,410 and $45,410,
	respectively, which reduced the accounts receivable balances as of those periods.


	 







	8










	 






	 



	SOLIS TEK INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES



	NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
	(UNAUDITED)


	FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED MARCH 31, 2017 AND
	2016


	 






	 




	 



	NOTE 2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
	POLICIES (CONTINUED)



	 



	Concentration Risks



	 


	The Company operates in markets that are highly
	competitive and rapidly changing. Significant technological changes, shifting customer needs, the emergence of competitive products
	or services with new capabilities, and other factors could negatively impact the Company’s operating results. State and federal
	government laws could have a material adverse impact on the Company’s future revenues and results of operations.


	 


	The Company’s products require specific
	components that currently are available from a limited number of sources. The Company purchases its key products and components
	from single vendors. During the three months ended March 31, 2017 and 2016, its ballasts, lamps and reflectors, which comprised
	the vast majority of the Company’s purchases during those periods, were each only purchased from one separate vendor. The
	ballast vendor is a related party (see Note 4).


	 


	The Company performs a regular review of customer
	activity and associated credit risks and does not require collateral or other arrangements. There was one customer that accounted
	for 12% and 11% of the Company’s revenue for the three months ended March 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. Shipments to customers
	outside the United States comprised 0.3% and 0.3% for the three months ended March 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.


	 


	As of March 31, 2017, one customer accounted
	for 12% of the Company’s trade accounts receivable balance and a

	s of
	December 31, 2016, a different customer accounted for 13% of the Company’s trade accounts receivable balance.



	 







	9










	 






	 



	SOLIS TEK INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES



	NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
	(UNAUDITED)


	FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED MARCH 31, 2017 AND
	2016


	 






	 




	 



	NOTE 2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
	POLICIES (CONTINUED)



	 



	Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements



	 


	In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards
	Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers. ASU 2014-09 is a comprehensive
	revenue recognition standard that will supersede nearly all existing revenue recognition guidance under current U.S. GAAP and replace
	it with a principle based approach for determining revenue recognition. ASU 2014-09 will require that companies recognize revenue
	based on the value of transferred goods or services as they occur in the contract. The ASU also will require additional disclosure
	about the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from customer contracts, including significant
	judgments and changes in judgments and assets recognized from costs incurred to obtain or fulfill a contract. ASU 2014-09 is effective
	for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017. Early adoption is permitted only in annual reporting periods
	beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods therein. Entities will be able to transition to the standard either
	retrospectively or as a cumulative-effect adjustment as of the date of adoption. The Company is in the process of evaluating the
	impact of ASU 2014-09 on the Company’s financial statements and disclosures.


	 


	In February 2016, the FASB issued Accounting
	Standards Update (ASU) No. 2016-02, Leases. ASU 2016-02 requires a lessee to record a right of use asset and a corresponding lease
	liability on the balance sheet for all leases with terms longer than 12 months. ASU 2016-02 is effective for all interim and annual
	reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018. Early adoption is permitted. A modified retrospective transition approach
	is required for lessees for capital and operating leases existing at, or entered into after, the beginning of the earliest comparative
	period presented in the financial statements, with certain practical expedients available. The Company is in the process of evaluating
	the impact of ASU 2016-02 on the Company’s financial statements and disclosures.


	 


	Other recent accounting pronouncements issued
	by the FASB, including its Emerging Issues Task Force, the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants, and the Securities
	and Exchange Commission did not or are not believed by management to have a material impact on the Company’s present or future
	consolidated financial statements.


	 







	10










	 






	 



	SOLIS TEK INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES



	NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
	(UNAUDITED)


	FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED MARCH 31, 2017 AND
	2016


	 






	 




	 





	NOTE 3 - PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT



	 


	Property and equipment consists of the following
	at March 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016:


	 




	 


	 


	March 31, 2017


	 


	 


	December 31, 2016


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Machinery and equipment


	 


	$


	234,706


	 


	 


	$


	231,506


	 




	Computer equipment


	 


	 


	12,448


	 


	 


	 


	12,448


	 




	Furniture and fixtures


	 


	 


	97,451


	 


	 


	 


	97,451


	 




	Leasehold improvements


	 


	 


	7,000


	 


	 


	 


	7,000


	 




	 


	 


	 


	351,605


	 


	 


	 


	348,405


	 




	Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization


	 


	 


	(161,214


	)


	 


	 


	(143,469


	)




	Property and equipment, net


	 


	$


	190,391


	 


	 


	$


	204,936


	 





	 


	Depreciation and amortization expense for the
	three months ended March 31, 2017 and 2016 was $17,745 and $17,515, respectively.


	 


	Property and equipment include assets acquired
	under capital leases of $64,632 and $64,632 at March 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016, respectively.


	 



	NOTE 4 - RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS



	 




	Supplier




	 


	A family member of an officer/shareholder owns
	a minority interest in a company in China, which is the sole supplier of ballasts to the Company. Purchases from the related party
	for the three months ended March 31, 2017 and 2016 totaled approximately $848,000 and $902,000, respectively. The Company believes
	purchase prices from the related party approximate what the Company would have to pay from an independent third party vendor. At
	March 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016, the Company owed the related party $422,526 and $1,083,764, respectively.


	 




	Amounts Due to Related Parties




	 


	As of March 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016,
	the Company owed related parties $137,508 and $134,086, respectively. Included in the balances were short-term loans from the
	two officers/shareholders to the Company totaling $3,297 as of March 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016, respectively. The balances
	are payable on demand, noninterest bearing and are unsecured. The balances also included interest owed on the notes payable to
	related parties, which totaled to $81,892 and $68,470 at March 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016, respectively. Also included
	is $52,319 and $62,319 of unpaid compensation, which was owed to the officers/shareholders at March 31, 2017 and December 31,
	2016, respectively.


	 







	11










	 






	 



	SOLIS TEK INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES



	NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
	(UNAUDITED)


	FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED MARCH 31, 2017 AND
	2016


	 






	 




	 





	NOTE 5 – NOTES PAYABLE TO RELATED
	PARTIES



	 


	Notes payable to related parties consists of
	the following at March 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016:


	 




	 


	 


	March 31, 2017


	 


	 


	December 31, 2016


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Notes payable to officers/shareholders (a)


	 


	$


	195,000


	 


	 


	$


	195,000


	 




	Notes payable to officers/shareholders (b)


	 


	 


	600,000


	 


	 


	 


	600,000


	 




	Notes payable to related parties (c)


	 


	 


	300,000


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Notes payable to related parties (d)


	 


	 


	50,000


	 


	 


	 


	70,000


	 




	 


	 


	 


	1,145,000


	 


	 


	 


	865,000


	 




	Less: current portion


	 


	 


	(545,000


	)


	 


	 


	(265,000


	)




	Non-current portion


	 


	$


	600,000


	 


	 


	$


	600,000


	 





	 




	 



	a.




	On July 1, 2012, the Company entered into unsecured notes payable agreements with two of its officers/shareholders. The maximum borrowings allowed under each individual note are $200,000. Through December 31, 2013, each note bore interest at 20% per annum. Beginning on January 1, 2014, the interest rate on the notes was reduced to 8% per annum. The notes are due 30 days after demand. Amounts owed on the combined note balances were $195,000 at March 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016, respectively.





	 


	 


	 




	 



	b.




	In May 2016, the Company entered into two separate notes payable agreements with the aforementioned two officers/shareholders. Under each of the agreements, the Company borrowed $300,000 from each of the officers/shareholders. The notes accrue interest at 8% per annum, are unsecured and are due on or before May 31, 2018. A total of $600,000 was due on the combined notes at March 31, 2017, and December 31, 2016.





	 


	 


	 




	 



	c.




	In February 2017, the Company executed two separate promissory notes and borrowed $300,000 from the relatives of one of the directors of the Company. The notes are unsecured, payable on demand and carry an interest of 14% per annum. A total of $300,000 was due on the combined notes at March 31, 2017.





	 


	 


	 




	 



	d.




	The Company entered into note agreements with the parents of
	one of the Company’s officer/shareholders. The loans accrue interest at 10% per annum, are unsecured and were
	due on or before December 31, 2016. A total of $50,000 and $70,000 was owed on the loans as of March 31, 2017 and December
	31, 2016, respectively.





	 


	Interest expense on the notes to related parties
	for the three months ended March 31, 2017 and 2016 was $23,622 and $4,378, respectively. Accrued interest included in Amounts due
	to related parties at March 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016 was $70,012 and $68,471, respectively.


	 







	12










	 






	 



	SOLIS TEK INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES



	NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
	(UNAUDITED)


	FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED MARCH 31, 2017 AND
	2016


	 






	 




	 





	NOTE 6 – LOANS PAYABLE



	 


	Loans payable consist of the following at March
	31, 2017 and December 31, 2016:


	 




	 


	 


	March 31, 2017


	 


	 


	December 31, 2016


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Automobile loans (a)


	 


	 


	32,181


	 


	 


	 


	34,220


	 




	Less: current portion


	 


	 


	(8,161


	)


	 


	 


	(8,262


	)




	Non-current portion


	 


	$


	24,020


	 


	 


	$


	25,958


	 





	 


	In 2015, the Company entered into two loan
	agreements to purchase automobiles. The combined principal amount of the loans was $44,093 and they mature by November 2021. The
	loans require a combined monthly payment of principal and interest of $747. A total of $32,181 and $34,220 was owed on the loans
	as of March 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016, respectively.


	 



	NOTE 7 – SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY



	 




	Agreement with Chief Executive Officer




	 


	On January 6, 2017, the company extended an
	offer to Dennis G. Forchic to become CEO. Mr. Forchic accepted the offer and contracts were executed on March 27, 2017. As part
	of the Employment Agreement, the Company issued a total of 5,411,765 shares valued at $2,760,000, the purchase of an additional
	784,314 shares valued at $400,000 for a consideration of $100,000. The fair value of the shares on the date of grant over consideration
	received was $3,060,000, which was recorded as stock compensation expense.


	 


	In addition Mr. Forchic was granted an option
	to purchase 3,000,000 shares at $0.60 per share, with 33.3% of these shares vesting on the one year anniversary of the date of
	grant and the remainder vesting in equal installments at the end of each month over the next two years. The options were valued
	at $835,767 using a Black Scholes options pricing model and will be amortized as an expense over the vesting period. The amount
	amortized as stock based compensation during the three months ended March 31, 2017 was $65,154. The fair value of the options
	of $835,767 was based on a probability effected Black-Scholes option pricing model with a stock price of $0.51, volatility of
	198.3% and risk-free rates of 0.83% - 1.03%. As of March 31, 2017, there was $770,613 of unvested stock compensation that will
	be amortized over the next two years.


	 




	Other issuances




	 


	In February 2017, the Company entered into
	a Consulting Agreement with a third party (“Consultant”) for providing numerous services including but not limited
	to business development, sales promotion, introduction to new business opportunities, strategic analysis, and, sales and marketing
	activities. As part of the Agreement, the Company issued 300,000 shares to the Consultant on February 1, 2017 valued at $255,000.
	In addition, the consultant is entitled to receive an additional 600,000 shares that vest over the next 150 days from the initial
	issuance. As of March 31, 2017, 200,000 of these shares with a fair value of $258,000 had been earned (and yet been issued). As
	such, the Company recorded the aggregate fair value of these shares of $513,000 as compensation expense at March 31, 2017.


	 




	Shares issued for cash




	 


	In March, 2017, the Board of Directors of the
	Company authorized a Private Placement Offering per Reg. D of up to $1,650,000 in shares of common stock to accredited investors
	providing for stock to be issued at $.80 per share. For the three months ended march 31, 2017, the Company issued 375,000 shares
	for a total of $300,000.


	 




	Technology License Agreement




	 



	The Company
	entered into a Technology License Agreement with a third party vendor for consulting services. Under the agreement, the Company
	will pay the vendor a minimum consulting amount of $100,000 per year, plus a royalty of 7% of all net sales of the vendor’s
	products above $1,428,571 per calendar year. For each of the three months ended March 31, 2017 and 2016, $25,000 was recorded as
	research and development expense under the agreement on the consolidated Statements of Operations related to the minimum annual
	fee. .A total of $14,685 of royalty fees were owed under the amended agreement for the three months ended March 31, 2017 and were
	recorded in cost of goods sold on the consolidated Statements of Operations. No royalty fees were owed under the agreement for
	the three months ended March 31, 2016. A total of $180,238 and $165,553 was owed under the amended agreement at March 31, 2017
	and December 31, 2016, respectively.



	 





	NOTE 8 – SUBSEQUENT
	EVENTS



	 


	In April 2017, the Company entered into a strategic communication
	counsel agreement (“Agreement”) with a third party to create a strategic, corporate communication program to support
	sales and branding efforts, as well as help the Company communicate its broader vision to the marketplace. The Agreement is for
	a period of twelve months with a cash compensation of $6,500 a month from April 2017 to June 2017, and $12,500 a month thereafter
	and stock compensation of 187,000 shares of the Company’s common stock, currently valued at $231,880 which will be recognized
	as an expense as the shares are issued.


	 







	13













	 







	 









	Item
	2. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.





	 




	This
	Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements that are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond
	our control, which may include statements about our:




	 






	 




	●




	business
	strategy;






	 




	 




	 






	 




	●




	financial
	strategy;






	 




	 




	 






	 




	●




	future
	operating results; and






	 




	 




	 






	 




	●




	Plans,
	objectives, expectations and intentions contained in this report that are not historical.






	 




	All
	statements, other than statements of historical fact included in this report, regarding our strategy, intellectual property, future
	operations, financial position, estimated revenues and losses, projected costs, prospects, plans and objectives of management
	are forward-looking statements. When used in this report, the words “could,” “believe,” “anticipate,”
	“intend,” “estimate,” “expect,” “project” and similar expressions are intended
	to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain such identifying words. All forward-looking
	statements speak only as of the date of this report. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements.
	Although we believe that our plans, intentions and expectations reflected in or suggested by the forward-looking statements we
	make in this report are reasonable, we can give no assurance that these plans, intentions or expectations will be achieved. These
	statements may be found under “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,”
	as well as in this report generally. Actual events or results may differ materially from those discussed in forward-looking statements
	as a result of various factors. In light of these risks and uncertainties, there can be no assurance that the forward-looking
	statements contained in this filing will in fact occur.




	 





	Organizational
	History





	 




	Solis
	Tek Inc. (the “Company”) was originally incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada on March 2, 2007 as Cinjet,
	Inc. (“Cinjet”). Effective September 1, 2015, Cinjet changed its corporate name to Solis Tek Inc. On June 23, 2015,
	the Company entered into an Agreement of Merger and Plan of Reorganization (the “Agreement”) with Solis Tek Inc.,
	a California corporation (“STI”), and CJA Acquisition Corp., a California corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary
	of the Company (“Merger Sub”), providing for the merger of Merger Sub with and into STI (the “Merger”),
	with STI surviving the Merger as a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. The Merger Agreement was approved by the Company’s
	Board of Directors and the sole Director of the Company, effective June 23, 2015. The Merger closed on June 23, 2015.




	 




	At
	the effective time of the Merger, each share of STI common stock issued and outstanding was converted automatically into the right
	to receive .166 shares of the common stock of the Company, with an aggregate of 26,187,000 shares of the Company’s common
	stock issued to the former shareholders of STI.




	 




	Upon
	the closing of the Merger, STI paid a total of $22,500 to four shareholders of the Company for the cancellation of a total of
	61,297,002 shares of the Company’s common stock. Also at the closing of the Merger, STI paid $198,100 to the Company to
	settle and pay liabilities of $405,932, which represented all of the then current liabilities of the Company. After the closing,
	a total of 29,551,998 shares of the Company were outstanding.




	 




	Upon
	completion of the Merger, the former stockholders of STI owned approximately 89% of the outstanding shares of the Company’s
	common stock and the holders of the outstanding shares of the Company’s common stock prior to the Merger owned the balance.
	As the former owners and management of STI have voting and operating control of the Company after the Merger, the transaction
	has been accounted for as a recapitalization with the STI deemed the acquiring companies for accounting purposes, and the Company
	deemed the legal acquirer. Due to the change in control, the consolidated financial statements reflect the historical results
	of STI prior to the Merger, and that of the combined company following the Merger. Common stock and the corresponding capital
	amounts of the Company pre-Merger have been retroactively restated as capital stock shares reflecting the exchange ratio in the
	Merger. No step-up in basis or intangible assets or goodwill will be recorded in this transaction and the cash paid by the Company
	of $248,980 (including $28,380 of transaction costs) has been reflected as a cost of the transaction.




	 








	14










	 







	 





	Overview
	of Business





	 




	The
	Company is focused on the research, design, development and manufacturing of advanced, energy efficient indoor horticulture lighting
	and ancillary equipment. Our vision is to apply the latest advances in high efficiency lighting and controls technology as well
	as effective manufacturing techniques to deliver highly differentiated products with clear benefits at competitive prices to the
	greenhouse and indoor horticulture markets.




	 





	The Company, through
	its wholly owned subsidiary is in the operations of designing, developing and sourcing a line of Solis Tek Digital
	Ballasts intended for use in high intensity lighting systems used for horticulture. An electrical ballast is a device intended
	to limit the amount of current in an electric circuit. A familiar and widely used example is the inductive ballast used in fluorescent
	lamps, to limit the current through the tube, which would otherwise rise to destructive levels due to the tube’s negative
	resistance characteristic. Since the commencement of operations, our product line has evolved from digital ballasts to a line
	of lighting products including a line of specialty ballasts ranging from 400 watts to 1,000 watts with various features, a line
	of specialty metal halide digital lamps, a line of reflectors, high intensity lighting accessories.


	 




	Critical
	Accounting Policies





	 




	The
	Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) defines “critical accounting policies” as those that require
	application of management’s most difficult, subjective or complex judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates
	about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain and may change in subsequent periods. Not all of the accounting policies
	require management to make difficult, subjective or complex judgments or estimates. However, the following policies could be deemed
	to be critical within the SEC definition.




	 






	Allowance
	for Doubtful Accounts






	 




	The
	allowance for doubtful accounts is based on the Company’s assessment of the collectability of customer accounts. The Company
	regularly reviews the allowance by considering factors such as historical experience, the age of the accounts receivable balances,
	credit quality, economic conditions that may affect a customer’s ability to pay and expected default frequency rates. Trade
	receivables are written off at the point when they are considered uncollectible.




	 






	Inventories






	 




	The
	Company provides inventory reserves based on excess and obsolete inventories determined primarily by future demand forecasts.
	The write down amount is measured as the difference between the cost of the inventory and market based upon assumptions about
	future demand and charged to the provision for inventory, which is a component of cost of sales. At the point of the loss recognition,
	a new, lower cost basis for that inventory is established, and subsequent changes in facts and circumstances do not result in
	the restoration or increase in that newly established cost basis.




	 








	15










	 







	 




	Recent
	Accounting Pronouncements




	 




	See
	Note 2 of the condensed financial statements for management’s discussion of recent accounting pronouncements.




	 





	Results
	of Operations





	 






	Results
	of Operations for the three months ended March 31, 2017 compared to the three months ended March 31, 2016.






	 





	Revenue
	and Cost of Goods Sold





	 




	Revenue
	for the three months ended March 31, 2017 and 2016 was $2,901,826 and $2,584,668, respectively, an increase of $317,158 or 12%.
	The increase was primarily due to more market penetration within our hydroponic customers and commercial facilities during the
	first quarter of 2017, as compared to the first quarter of 2016.




	 




	Cost
	of sales for the three months ended March 31, 2017 and 2016, was $1,781,304 and $1,658,711, respectively. Gross profit for the
	three months ended March 31, 2017 and 2016, was $1,120,522 and $925,957, respectively. The increase in gross profit of $194,565,
	or 21% was primarily due to increase in revenue. As a percentage of revenue, gross profit for the three months ended March 31,
	2017 was 38.6% compared to 35.8% for the three months ended March 31, 2016. The increase in gross profit percentage was due to
	higher revenue and product mix.




	 





	Selling,
	General and Administrative Expenses





	 




	Selling,
	general and administrative (“SG&A”) expenses for the three months ended March 31, 2017 and 2016 was $4,764,655
	and $753,694, respectively, an increase of $4,010,961 or 532%. The increase in SG&A expenses was due to increase in payroll,
	marketing, travel, trade shows, outbound freight, and sales commission to support the increase in revenues and stock compensation
	costs and increase in bad debt expenses For the three months ended March 31, 2017 stock compensation expense was $3,638,154 compared
	to $36,000 for the three months ended March 31, 2016.




	 





	Research
	and Development Expenses





	 




	Research
	and development (“R&D”) expenses for the three months ended March 31, 2017 and 2016 was $82,770 and $57,000, respectively,
	an increase of $25,770 or 45%. The increase in R&D expenses was primarily due to fair value of common stock ($25,000) issued
	to an employee. The R&D expense was incurred for the improvement in existing products and development of new products.




	 





	Net
	Income (Loss)





	 



	Net loss for the three
	months ended March 31, 2017 was $3,751,987 compared to net income of $44,960 for the three months ended March 31, 2016.
	The net loss for the three months ended March 31, 2017 was due to significant noncash costs of $3,663,154 that resulted
	in the increase in SG&A, and R&D and was offset in part with increase in gross profit compared to the three months ended
	March 31, 2016.


	 







	16










	 







	 





	Liquidity
	and Capital Resources





	 




	Liquidity
	is the ability of a company to generate funds to support its current and future operations, satisfy its obligations, and otherwise
	operate on an ongoing basis. Significant factors in the management of liquidity are funds generated by operations, levels of accounts
	receivable and accounts payable and capital expenditures.




	 





	Cash
	flows used in operating activities





	 




	During
	the three months ended March 31, 2017, the Company used $532,252 in operating activities, compared to cash provided by
	operating activities of $277,348 during the three months ended March 31, 2016. During the three months ended March 31, 2017, cash
	was primarily used in increase in accounts receivable to support higher revenue, advance to suppliers for the purchase of inventory,
	reduction in related party vendor and was offset in part with reduction in inventory and increase in accounts payable and accrued
	expenses.




	 





	Cash
	flows used in investing activities





	 




	During
	the three months ended March 31, 2017, the Company used $3,200 in the property and equipment for purchase of certain molds.




	 





	Cash
	flows provided by financing activities





	 




	During
	the three months ended March 31, 2017, the Company generated $674,606 from financing activities compared to cash used in
	financing activities of $86,645 for the three months ended March 31, 2016. For the three months ended March 31, 2017, the Company
	raised a $400,000 through an issuance of common stock, and proceeds from notes payable
	to related parties of $300,000 and part of the proceeds were used to pay notes payable-related party of $20,000 and payments on
	loans payable and capital lease obligation.




	 




	We
	estimate the Company currently has sufficient cash and liquidity to meet its anticipated working capital for the next twelve months.




	 




	Historically,
	we have financed our operations primarily through private sales of common stock, a line of credit and loans from a third party
	financial institution related parties, and operations. We anticipate that our primary capital source will be positive cash flow
	from operations. If our sales goals do not materialize as planned, we believe that the Company can reduce its operating costs
	and achieve positive cash flow from operations. However, we may not generate sufficient revenues from product sales in the future
	to achieve profitable operations. If we are not able to achieve profitable operations at some point in the future, we may have
	insufficient working capital to maintain our operations as we presently intend to conduct them or to fund our expansion, marketing,
	and product development plans. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain such financing on acceptable terms, or
	at all.




	 




	On
	March 6, 2017, the Board of Directors of the Company authorized a Private Placement Offering per Reg. D of up to $1,650,000 in
	shares of common stock to accredited investors. For the three months ended march 31, 2017, the Company has raised a total of $300,000
	through an issuance of 375,000 shares under this offering.




	 








	17










	 







	 






	Non-GAAP Measure – Adjusted EBITDA



	 


	In addition to our
	GAAP results, we present Adjusted EBITDA as a supplemental measure of our performance. However, Adjusted EBITDA is not a recognized
	measurement under GAAP and should not be considered as an alternative to net income, income from operations or any other performance
	measure derived in accordance with GAAP or as an alternative to cash flow from operating activities as a measure of liquidity.
	We define Adjusted EBITDA as net income (loss), plus interest expense, provision for income taxes, depreciation and amortization,
	and stock-based compensation. Non-GAAP adjustments to our results prepared in accordance with GAAP are itemized below. You are
	encouraged to evaluate these adjustments and the reasons we consider them appropriate for supplemental analysis. In evaluating
	Adjusted EBITDA, you should be aware that in the future we may incur expenses that are the same as or similar to some of the adjustments
	in this presentation. Our presentation of Adjusted EBITDA should not be construed as an inference that our future results will
	be unaffected by unusual or non-recurring items.


	 


	Set forth below is
	a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to net income (loss) for the three months ended March 31, 2017 and 2016.



	 











	 


	 


	Three months ended


	 




	 


	 


	March 31, 2017


	 


	 


	March 31, 2016


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Net income (loss)


	 


	$


	(3,751,987


	)


	 


	$


	44,960


	 




	Add:


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Interest expense


	 


	 


	24,171


	 


	 


	 


	26,774


	 




	Provision for income taxes


	 


	 


	913


	 


	 


	 


	43,529


	 




	Depriciation and amortization


	 


	 


	17,745


	 


	 


	 


	17,515


	 




	Stock-based compensation


	 


	 


	3,663,154


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Adjusted EBITDA


	 


	$


	(46,004


	)


	 


	$


	132,778


	 






	 







	We
	present Adjusted EBITDA because we believe it assists investors and analysts in comparing our performance across reporting periods
	on a consistent basis by excluding items that we do not believe are indicative of our core operating performance. Adjusted EBITDA
	has limitations as an analytical tool, which includes, among others, the following:



	 





	 


	●



	Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect our cash
	expenditures, or future requirements, for capital expenditures or contractual commitments;





	 


	 


	 




	 


	●



	Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect changes
	in, or cash requirements for, our working capital needs;





	 


	 


	 




	 


	●



	Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect interest
	expense, or the cash requirements necessary to service interest or principal payments, on our debts; and





	 


	 


	 




	 


	●



	although depreciation and amortization
	are non-cash charges, the assets being depreciated and amortized will often have to be replaced in the future, and Adjusted
	EBITDA does not reflect any cash requirements for such replacements










	 





	Off-Balance
	Sheet Arrangements





	 




	We
	do not have any off balance sheet arrangements that are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial
	condition, revenues, and results of operations, liquidity or capital expenditures.





	 









	Item
	3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.





	 




	We
	are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide
	the information under this item.





	 









	Item
	4. Controls and Procedures.





	 






	Evaluation
	of disclosure controls and procedures






	 




	Based
	upon an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures performed by our Chief Executive Officer and
	Chief Financial Officer as of the end of the period covered by this report, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
	concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures have not been effective as a result of a weakness in the design of internal
	control over financial reporting identified below.




	 




	As
	used herein, “

	disclosure controls and procedures

	” mean controls and other procedures of our company that are
	designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Securities
	Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commission’s rules
	and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information
	required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated
	to our management, including our principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions,
	as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.




	 






	Management’s
	Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting






	 




	Management
	is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in
	Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f) under the

	Securities Exchange Act of 1934

	. Our Chief Executive Officer/Chief Accounting Officer
	conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control-Integrated
	Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (“COSO”). Based on management’s
	evaluation under the framework, management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective
	as of September 30, 2016.




	 




	We
	identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting primarily attributable to (i) lack of segregation
	of incompatible duties; and (ii) insufficient Board of Directors representation. These weaknesses are due to our inadequate staffing
	during the period covered by this report and our lack of working capital to hire additional staff. Management has retained an
	outside, independent financial consultant to record and review all financial data, as well as prepare our financial reports, in
	order to mitigate this weakness. Although management will periodically re-evaluate this situation, at this point it considers
	that the risk associated with such lack of segregation of duties and the potential benefits of adding employees to segregate such
	duties are not cost justified. We intend to hire additional accounting personnel to assist with financial reporting as soon as
	our finances will allow.




	 




	This
	quarterly report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over
	financial reporting. Management’s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant
	to temporary rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit us to provide only management’s report in this
	annual report.




	 





	Changes
	in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting





	 




	No
	changes in our internal control over financial reporting occurred during the three months ended March 31, 2017 that have materially
	affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.




	 








	18












	 







	 







	PART
	II





	 









	Item
	1. Legal Proceedings.





	 




	The
	Company is, from time to time, involved in legal proceedings, regulatory actions, claims and litigation arising in the ordinary
	course of business. These matters are not expected to have a material adverse effect upon the Company’s financial condition.





	 









	Item
	1A. Risk Factors.





	 




	We
	are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide
	the information under this item.





	 









	Item
	2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.





	 




	None.





	 









	Item
	3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities.





	 




	None.





	 









	Item
	4. Mine Safety Disclosures





	 




	Not
	applicable.





	 









	Item
	5. Other Information.





	 




	None.





	 









	Item
	6. Exhibits.





	 









	Exhibit



	Number





	 





	Description
	of Exhibit







	 




	 




	 






	31.1




	 




	Certification
	by Chief Executive Officer, required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Exchange Act.






	 




	 




	 






	31.2




	 




	Certification
	by Chief Financial Officer, required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Exchange Act.






	 




	 




	 






	32.1




	 




	Certification
	by Chief Executive Officer, required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) of the Exchange Act and Section 1350 of Chapter 63
	of Title 18 of the United States Code.






	 




	 




	 






	32.2




	 




	Certification
	by Chief Financial Officer, required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) of the Exchange Act and Section 1350 of Chapter 63
	of Title 18 of the United States Code.






	 




	 




	 






	101.INS




	 




	XBRL
	Instance Document.*






	 




	 




	 






	101.SCH




	 




	XBRL
	Taxonomy Extension Schema.*






	 




	 




	 






	101.CAL




	 




	XBRL
	Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase.*






	 




	 




	 






	101.DEF




	 




	XBRL
	Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase.*






	 




	 




	 






	101.LAB




	 




	XBRL
	Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase.*






	 




	 




	 






	101.PRE




	 




	XBRL
	Extension Presentation Linkbase.*







	 






	*




	Attached
	as Exhibit 101 to this report are the following financial statements from the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
	for the quarter ended March 31, 2017 formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Balance Sheets, (ii)
	the Statement of Operations, (iii) the Statement of Shareholders’ Equity, (iv) the Statement of Cash Flow, and (v) Notes
	to Financial Statements.






	 








	19












	 







	 









	SIGNATURES





	 




	In
	accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
	thereunto duly authorized.




	 






	 





	SOLIS TEK INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES







	 




	 




	 






	 




	By:





	/s/
	Dennis G. Forchic







	 




	 




	Dennis
	G. Forchic






	 




	 




	Chief
	Executive Officer






	 




	 




	May
	8, 2017






	 








	20











	 






	 











	 





	EXHIBIT
	31.1





	 






	CERTIFICATION




	 




	I,
	Dennis G. Forchic, certify that:




	 




	1.
	I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q/A of SOLIS TEK INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES, for the quarter ended March 31,
	2017;




	 




	2.
	Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
	to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
	to the period covered by this report;




	 




	3.
	Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
	material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
	presented in this report;




	 




	4.
	I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
	and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the
	registrant and have:




	 




	(a)
	designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
	to ensure that material information relating to the registrant is made known to us by others, particularly during the period in
	which this report is being prepared;




	 




	(b)
	designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
	under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
	financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;




	 




	(c)
	evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant’s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
	about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
	such evaluation; and




	 




	(d)
	disclosed in this report any change in the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
	registrant’s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant’s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that
	has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant’s internal control over financial
	reporting; and




	 




	5.
	I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant’s
	auditors and the audit committee of the registrant’s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function):




	 




	a)
	all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
	are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant’s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
	and




	 




	b)
	any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant’s
	internal control over financial reporting.




	 




	May
	8, 2017




	 






	 





	/s/
	Dennis G. Forchic







	 




	Dennis
	G. Forchic






	 




	Chief
	Executive Officer







	 







	 


	 


	 









	 


	 


	 















	 





	EXHIBIT
	31.2





	 






	CERTIFICATION




	 




	I,
	Alan Lien, certify that:




	 




	1.
	I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q/A of SOLIS TEK INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES, for the quarter ended March 31,
	2017;




	 




	2.
	Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
	to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
	to the period covered by this report;




	 




	3.
	Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
	material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
	presented in this report;




	 




	4.
	I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
	and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the
	registrant and have:




	 




	(a)
	designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
	to ensure that material information relating to the registrant is made known to us by others, particularly during the period in
	which this report is being prepared;




	 




	(b)
	designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
	under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
	financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;




	 




	(c)
	evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant’s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
	about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
	such evaluation; and




	 




	(d)
	disclosed in this report any change in the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
	registrant’s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant’s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that
	has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant’s internal control over financial
	reporting; and




	 




	5.
	I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant’s
	auditors and the audit committee of the registrant’s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function):




	 




	a)
	all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
	are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant’s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
	and




	 




	b)
	any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant’s
	internal control over financial reporting.




	 




	May
	8, 2017




	 






	 





	/s/
	Alan Lien







	 




	Alan
	Lien






	 




	Chief
	Financial Officer







	 







	 


	 


	 









	 


	 


	 















	 





	EXHIBIT
	32.1





	 






	CERTIFICATION
	PURSUANT TO




	 




	18
	U.S.C. SECTION 1350,




	 




	AS
	ADOPTED PURSUANT TO




	 




	SECTION
	906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002




	 




	In
	connection with the Quarterly Report of SOLIS TEK INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES (the “Company”) on Form 10-Q/A for
	the quarter ended March 31, 2017 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the “Report”),
	I, Dennis G. Forchic, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
	Act of 2002, that:




	 




	(1)
	The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934; and




	 




	(2)
	The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations
	of the Company.




	 




	A
	signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the
	Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.




	 






	May
	8, 2017





	/s/
	Dennis G. Forchic







	 




	Dennis
	G. Forchic






	 




	Chief
	Executive Officer







	 







	 


	 


	 









	 


	 


	 















	 





	EXHIBIT
	32.2





	 






	CERTIFICATION
	PURSUANT TO




	 




	18
	U.S.C. SECTION 1350,




	 




	AS
	ADOPTED PURSUANT TO




	 




	SECTION
	906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002




	 




	In
	connection with the Quarterly Report of SOLIS TEK INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES (the “Company”) on Form 10-Q/A for
	the quarter ended March 31, 2017 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the “Report”),
	I, Alan Lien, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
	2002, that:




	 




	(1)
	The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934; and




	 




	(2)
	The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations
	of the Company.




	 




	A
	signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the
	Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.




	 






	May
	8, 2017





	/s/
	Alan Lien







	 




	Alan
	Lien






	 




	Chief
	Financial Officer






	 








	 


	 


	 









	 


	 


	 






	 












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













    SLTK News - Solis Tek Inc. Company News & Press Releases - MarketWatch




































Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets After Hours



Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Solis Tek Inc.

                  OTC: SLTK
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Solis Tek Inc.



Market closed
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 28, 2017, 3:45 p.m.


SLTK

/quotes/zigman/57703656/delayed


$
1.40




Change

+0.03
+2.19%

Volume
Volume 27,296
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/57703656/delayed
Previous close

$
			1.37
		


$
				1.40
			
Change

+0.03
+2.19%





Day low
Day high
$1.37
$1.42










52 week low
52 week high

            $0.25
        

            $3.44
        

















/news/latest/company/us/sltk

      MarketWatch News on SLTK
    
No News currently available for SLTK







/news/nonmarketwatch/company/us/sltk

      Other News on SLTK
    





226 Marijuana Stocks: It Is Still Too Early To Buy The Sector

10:54 a.m. June 19, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha




 10-Q/A: SOLIS TEK, INC./NV
6:15 a.m. May 8, 2017
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)




 10-Q: SOLIS TEK, INC./NV
6:09 a.m. May 8, 2017
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





227 Marijuana Stocks: April And Early May 2017 Downward Drift Continues For The Sector

2:40 a.m. May 8, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





216 Marijuana Stocks: Attorney General Jeff Sessions May Have Killed The Rally, But For How Long?

2:47 a.m. April 14, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha




 10-K: SOLIS TEK, INC./NV
6:15 a.m. March 31, 2017
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)




 How To Pick The Right Marijuana Stocks
11:36 a.m. March 13, 2017
 - Benzinga.com





231 Marijuana Stocks - One Week Returns Following Attorney General Sessions' Remarks

5:07 a.m. March 6, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





207 Marijuana Stocks: Nevada Corporations Outperform Delaware, Canada And Other Over 1, 4 And 52-Week Periods

2:13 p.m. Feb. 13, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Marijuana Stocks And The January Effect: N=229 Stocks Up An Average Of 51%

8:12 a.m. Jan. 30, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Marijuana Stocks: Second Week Of 2017 At 9.5% To 12.9% Returns From The January Effect

6:47 a.m. Jan. 16, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





230 Marijuana Stocks: Testing The 'January Effect' And Building Your Own Portfolio For 2017

9:03 a.m. Jan. 8, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





227 Marijuana Stocks For Your Post-Christmas, Post-Santa Claus Rally Shopping List

10:24 a.m. Dec. 28, 2016
 - Seeking Alpha




 10-Q: SOLIS TEK, INC./NV
7:29 a.m. Nov. 14, 2016
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)









/news/pressrelease/company/us/sltk

      Press Releases on SLTK
    




 Exclusive CFN Media Interview with SolisTek (SLTK) CEO Dennis Forchic
9:01 a.m. July 24, 2017
 - Marketwired




 Independent Lab Results Report Solis Tek's New Terpene Enhancer, Terpenez(TM), Is Free of All Heavy Metals
8:30 a.m. July 19, 2017
 - Marketwired




 How the Smart Money is Investing in Cannabis - Without Actually Investing in Cannabis
7:30 a.m. July 6, 2017
 - ACCESSWIRE




 Diverse Opportunities Aplenty for Investors Interested in the Marijuana Market
8:25 a.m. June 22, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Solis Tek, Inc. Introduces Nutrient Line Designed Specifically for Commercial Cannabis Growers to Enhance Terpene Profiles
8:01 a.m. June 15, 2017
 - Marketwired




 Solis Tek to Present at Annual Cannabis World Congress & Business Expo
8:31 a.m. June 6, 2017
 - Marketwired




 Solis Tek Exhibits at Marijuana Business Conference & Expo
8:31 a.m. May 11, 2017
 - Marketwired




 Marijuana Stocks Drive Corporate Value by Delivering Automation, Technology and Diverse Application
8:25 a.m. May 10, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Solis Tek Inc. Announces Financial Results for First Quarter of 2017
8:31 a.m. May 8, 2017
 - Marketwired




 The Medical Cannabis Market Projected to Accelerate
9:00 a.m. May 5, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Cannabis Acquisitions of Grow Facilities and Recreational Marijuana Based Properties to Keep up With Consumer Demand
8:25 a.m. May 2, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Solis Tek Retains KCSA Strategic Communications as Corporate Communications Counsel
8:30 a.m. April 27, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Solis Tek Inc. Announces Record Revenues for Year End 2016
7:57 p.m. March 30, 2017
 - Marketwired




 SolisTek: A Leader in Cannabis Light with Growing Revenue -- CFN Media
9:00 a.m. March 28, 2017
 - Marketwired




 Solis Tek Inc. Reports Record Sales of $4,710,498 and Gross Profit of $1,727,622 for the Six Months Ended June 30, 2016 After It Reported Record Q1 2016 Sales
8:30 a.m. Aug. 24, 2016
 - Marketwired




















Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




4:38 PM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	After


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
4:34pLong-dated Treasury yields see weekly climb 
4:33pS&P 500, Nasdaq finish lower after Amazon disappointment; Dow closes at record
4:32pThe highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart
4:32pWall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
4:32pHow to raise your kids to be frugal (but not too frugal)
4:31pCities to move to if you want to work in tech — NOT including San Francisco
4:31pWhat Donald Trump’s battle of wills with Jeff Sessions teaches you about a difficult boss
4:31pOne way you’re paying credit-card fees, even if you don’t have a card
4:30pTrump, Russia and Sanctions: What We Know 
4:30pThis is the worst mistake people make at work
4:30pMove over, breathalyzers; ‘textalyzers’ could be used on drivers’ phones 
4:29pJared Kushner’s unorthodox approach to meetings is a cautionary tale for office workers everywhere
4:28pHere’s how much you should spend on a yoga mat 
4:26p5 weird things I found out about America in my first 24 hours 
4:26pWeekend Sip: Is this the world’s first distilled non-alcoholic spirit?
4:22pGoodyear stock stumbles 11% after quarter ‘played out differently than we expected’
4:21pTime for GOP to face reality: Everybody is going to have health insurance
4:19pBREAKINGDow industrials just 170 points shy of 22,000 milestone
4:17pWhy tax cuts for the rich solve nothing
4:10pCigarette maker stocks plunge on FDA announcement, but health experts are skeptical
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,830.31

+33.76
+0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,374.68

-7.51
-0.12%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.10

-3.32
-0.13%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15



































































Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.





 Solis Tek, Inc./NV (Form: 10-K, Received: 04/06/2016 16:42:59) 
















	 











	 






	UNITED
	STATES






	SECURITIES
	AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION






	WASHINGTON,
	D.C. 20549





	 





	FORM
	10-K





	 




	(Mark
	one)




	 







	[X]






	ANNUAL
	REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934








	 






	For
	the Year Ended December 31, 2015





	 





	or





	 







	[  

	]





	TRANSITION
	REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15 (d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934








	 






	For
	the transition period from





	 





	Commission
	File Number:

	000-52446






	 







	SOLIS
	TEK INC.






	(FORMERLY
	CINJET, INC.)









	(

	Exact
	name of registrant as specified in its charter

	)




	 








	Nevada






	 






	20-8609439









	(State
	or Other Jurisdiction of





	 





	(I.R.S.
	Employer








	Incorporation
	or Organization)





	 





	Identification
	No.)








	 








	16926
	S. Keegan Ave., Carson, CA






	 






	90746









	(Address
	of principal executive offices)





	 





	(Zip
	Code)








	 







	(888)
	998-8881







	(Registrant’s
	telephone number, including area code)





	 




	Indicate
	by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
	Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
	and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.




	Yes
	[X] No [  ]




	 




	Indicate
	by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive
	Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the
	preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).




	Yes
	[X] No [  ]




	 




	Indicate
	by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller
	reporting company. See the definitions of the “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “non-accelerated
	filer,” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.




	 








	Large
	accelerated filer




	[  ]




	Accelerated
	filer




	[  ]






	Non-accelerated
	filer




	[  ]
	(Do not check if a smaller reporting company)




	Smaller
	reporting company




	[X]







	 




	Indicate
	by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).




	Yes
	[  ] No [X]




	 




	As
	of April 6, 2016, the registrant’s outstanding common stock consisted of 29,596,998 shares, $0.0001 par value.




	 








	 








	 







	 


	 


	 







	 








	 






	TABLE
	OF CONTENTS





	 











	FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS





	 




	3






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 







	PART I





	 




	 






	 




	ITEM
	1.





	DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS





	 




	4






	 




	ITEM
	1A.





	RISK FACTORS





	 



	11





	 




	ITEM
	2.





	DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY





	 




	21






	 




	ITEM
	3.





	LEGAL PROCEEDINGS





	 



	2

	1






	 




	ITEM
	4.




	SUBMISSION
	OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS




	 




	21







	PART II





	 




	 






	 




	ITEM
	5.





	MARKET FOR COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND SMALL BUSINESS ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES





	 




	22






	 




	ITEM
	6.





	SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA





	 




	23






	 




	ITEM
	7.





	MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OR PLAN OF OPERATION





	 




	23






	 




	ITEM
	7A.





	QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK





	 




	26






	 




	ITEM
	8.





	FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTAL DATA





	 




	27






	 




	ITEM
	9.





	CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE





	 



	28






	PART III





	 








	 




	ITEM
	10.





	DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, PROMOTERS, CONTROL PERSONS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE; COMPLIANCE WITH SECTION 16(A) OF THE EXCHANGE ACT





	 




	30






	 




	ITEM
	11.





	EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION





	 




	31






	 




	ITEM
	12.





	SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS





	 




	33






	 




	ITEM
	13.





	CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE





	 




	33






	 




	ITEM
	14.





	EXHIBITS





	 




	35






	 




	ITEM
	15.





	PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES





	 




	36







	SIGNATURES





	 




	37








	 







	 



	2



	 









	 









	 






	FORWARD-LOOKING
	STATEMENTS




	 





	This
	Annual Report contains forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, in the sections captioned “Description
	of Business,” “Risk Factors,” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
	Results of Operations,” and elsewhere. Any and all statements contained in this Report that are not statements of historical
	fact may be deemed forward-looking statements. Terms such as “may,” “might,” “would,” “should,”
	“could,” “project,” “estimate,” “pro forma,” “predict,” “potential,”
	“strategy,” “anticipate,” “attempt,” “develop,” “plan,” “help,”
	“believe,” “continue,” “intend,” “expect,” “future,” and terms of
	similar import (including the negative of any of the foregoing) may be intended to identify forward-looking statements. However,
	not all forward-looking statements may contain one or more of these identifying terms. Forward-looking statements in this Report
	may include, without limitation, statements regarding (i) the plans and objectives of management for future operations, including
	plans or objectives relating to exploration programs, (ii) a projection of income (including income/loss), earnings (including
	earnings/loss) per share, capital expenditures, dividends, capital structure or other financial items, (iii) our future financial
	performance, including any such statement contained in a discussion and analysis of financial condition by management or in the
	results of operations included pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC, and (iv) the assumptions underlying or relating
	to any statement described in points (i), (ii) or (iii) above.





	 





	The
	forward-looking statements are not meant to predict or guarantee actual results, performance, events or circumstances and may
	not be realized because they are based upon our current projections, plans, objectives, beliefs, expectations, estimates and assumptions
	and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and other influences, many of which we have no control over. Actual results
	and the timing of certain events and circumstances may differ materially from those described by the forward-looking statements
	as a result of these risks and uncertainties. Factors that may influence or contribute to the inaccuracy of the forward-looking
	statements or cause actual results to differ materially from expected or desired results may include, without limitation, our
	inability to obtain adequate financing, insufficient cash flows and resulting illiquidity, our inability to expand our business,
	government regulations, lack of diversification, volatility in the price of gold, increased competition, results of arbitration
	and litigation, stock volatility and illiquidity, and our failure to implement our business plans or strategies. A description
	of some of the risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those described by the forward-looking
	statements in this Report appears in the section captioned “Risk Factors” and elsewhere in this Report.





	 





	Readers
	are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements because of the risks and uncertainties related to them.
	We disclaim any obligation to update the forward-looking statements contained in this Report to reflect any new information or
	future events or circumstances or otherwise.





	 





	Readers
	should read this Report in conjunction with the discussion under the caption “Risk Factors,” our financial statements
	and the related notes thereto in this Report, and other documents which we may file from time to time with the SEC.






	 








	 



	3



	 









	 









	 








	PART
	I




	 








	ITEM
	1. DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS.





	 






	This
	Report contains summaries of the material terms of various agreements executed in connection with the transactions described herein.
	The summaries of these agreements are subject to, and are qualified in their entirety by reference to, these agreements, all of
	which are incorporated herein by reference.






	 






	History
	and Organization





	 




	Solis
	Tek Inc. (the “Company”) was originally incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada on March 2, 2007 as Cinjet,
	Inc. (“Cinjet”). Effective September 1, 2015, Cinjet changed its corporate name to Solis Tek Inc. On June 23, 2015,
	the Company entered into an Agreement of Merger and Plan of Reorganization (the “Agreement”) with Solis Tek Inc.,
	a California corporation (“STI”), and CJA Acquisition Corp., a California corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary
	of the Company (“Merger Sub”), providing for the merger of Merger Sub with and into STI (the “Merger”),
	with STI surviving the Merger as a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. The Merger Agreement was approved by the Company’s
	Board of Directors and the sole Director of the Company, effective June 23, 2015. The Merger closed on June 23, 2015.




	 




	At
	the effective time of the Merger, each share of STI common stock issued and outstanding was converted automatically into the right
	to receive .166 shares of the common stock of the Company, with an aggregate of 26,187,000 shares of the Company’s common
	stock issued to the former shareholders of STI.




	 




	Upon
	the closing of the Merger, STI paid a total of $22,500 to four shareholders of the Company for the cancellation of a total of
	61,297,002 shares of the Company’s common stock. Also at the closing of the Merger, STI paid $198,100 to the Company to
	settle and pay liabilities of $405,932, which represented all of the then current liabilities of the Company. After the closing,
	a total of 29,551,998 shares of the Company were outstanding.




	 




	Upon
	completion of the Merger, the former stockholders of STI owned approximately 89% of the outstanding shares of the Company’s
	common stock and the holders of the outstanding shares of the Company’s common stock prior to the Merger owned the balance.
	As the former owners and management of STI have voting and operating control of the Company after the Merger, the transaction
	has been accounted for as a recapitalization with the STI deemed the acquiring companies for accounting purposes, and the Company
	deemed the legal acquirer. Due to the change in control, the consolidated financial statements reflect the historical results
	of STI prior to the Merger, and that of the combined company following the Merger. Common stock and the corresponding capital
	amounts of the Company pre-Merger have been retroactively restated as capital stock shares reflecting the exchange ratio in the
	Merger. No step-up in basis or intangible assets or goodwill will be recorded in this transaction and the cash paid by the Company
	of $248,980 (including $28,380 of transaction costs) has been reflected as a cost of the transaction.




	 





	Overview
	of Business





	 




	Solis
	Tek Inc. is focused on the research, design, development and manufacturing of advanced, energy efficient indoor horticulture lighting
	and ancillary equipment. Our vision is to apply the latest advances in high efficiency lighting and controls technology as well
	as effective manufacturing techniques to deliver highly differentiated products with clear benefits at competitive prices to the
	greenhouse and indoor horticulture markets.




	 




	Our
	subsidiary, Solis Tek Inc., a California corporation, was formed in June of 2010. Its operations consists of designing, developing
	and sourcing of a line of Solis Tek Digital Ballasts intended for use in high intensity lighting systems used for horticulture.
	An electrical ballast is a device intended to limit the amount of current in an electric circuit. A familiar and widely used example
	is the inductive ballast used in fluorescent lamps, to limit the current through the tube, which would otherwise rise to destructive
	levels due to the tube’s negative resistance characteristic. Since the commencement of operations, our product line has
	evolved from digital ballasts to a line of lighting products including a line of specialty ballasts ranging from 400 watts to
	1,000 watts with various features, a line of specialty metal halide digital lamps (our “Lamp Products”), a line of
	reflectors, high intensity lighting accessories and a new line of

	double ended lamps, ceramic metal halide lamps and
	light emitting diode (“LED”) lighting technologies.



	 







	 



	4



	 









	 









	 




	We
	market our products primarily to retailers in the United States who specialize in hydroponic horticulture. Currently we have approximately
	500 retailers that sell our products. In addition, we work with a few wholesale distributors who cover Canada, Spain,

	Australia,
	Germany, Italy, Austria, Czech Republic, France and the United Kingdom.



	 




	Historically,
	the Company believes that a majority percentage of the end users that use this type of products have used the equipment
	for the growing of

	specialty crops, such as cannabis. Currently, there are 23 states and the District of Columbia
	that have laws and/or regulation that recognize in one form or another legitimate medical uses for cannabis and consumer use of
	cannabis in connection with medical treatment. In addition, the States of Colorado, Washington, Alaska, Oregon and the District
	of Columbia have recently approved the recreational use of cannabis. Many other States are considering legislation to similar
	effect. As of July 30, 2015, the policy and regulations of the Federal government and its agencies is that cannabis has no medical
	benefit and a range of activities including cultivation and use of cannabis for personal use is prohibited on the basis of federal
	law and may or may not be permitted on the basis of State law. Active enforcement of the current federal regulatory position on
	cannabis on a regional or national basis may directly and adversely affect the willingness of our end user customers to continue
	to grow cannabis. Active enforcement of the current federal regulatory position on cannabis may thus directly and adversely affect
	revenues and profits.



	 




	However,
	the Company’s products can be, and are used for, the hydroponic and indoor growing of other horticultural products, such
	as green house vegetables, decorative plant nurseries, indoor aquariums, and industrial painting facilities. The Company
	intends to continue to expand and improve its products for use in as many applications as possible and to market its products
	to the entire indoor horticultural industry as well as other industrial applications that require artificial lighting.




	 




	In
	August of 2014, Solis Tek East, Corporation (“STE”) was incorporated in the State of New Jersey as a wholly owned
	subsidiary of the Company. STE was formed for the purpose of commencing its operations and servicing and supplying the Eastern
	part of North America with our products. In September 2014, STE leased a 10,160 square foot office and warehouse facility in South
	Hackensack, New Jersey.




	 




	Our
	ballast products are manufactured in China by a manufacturer that is partially owned by a related party to Alan Lien, our Chief
	Executive Officer. Our Lamp Products are manufactured to our specifications and supplied by an unrelated manufacturer in China.
	Our lamp ancillary products and equipment are also manufactured, to our designs, in China.





	 






	License
	Agreement





	 




	In
	May of 2015, we entered into an Amended and Restated License Agreement with GAS Technologies, Incorporated (“GAS”)
	of Kapolei Hawaii, pursuant to which we agreed to pay GAS, a minimum royalty of $100,000 per year, and an additional 7% of sales
	of products licensed by GAS to us over and above $1,428,571. Sales of the Licensed Products in 2015 and 2014 were $2,053,932 and
	$865,148, respectively. Thus, only the minimum royalty amount of $100,000 was due for 2014. In 2015, the Company owed an additional
	$43,775 under the amended agreement. The License grants to us an exclusive world-wide license to produce, manufacture, have manufactured,
	use, import, sell, market, distribute and sell the products and systems (the “Licensed Products”) and any further
	products and systems that may be developed by the Licensor for use in the horticulture and hydroponic industries (the “Industries”).
	Such products include our “Single Ended: and “Double Ended” metal halide digital lamps and a new line of light
	emitting diode (“LED”) lighting technologies and products.





	 






	The
	Cannabis Industry and Government Regulation





	 




	Currently,
	there are twenty-three States plus the District of Columbia that have laws and/or regulation that recognize in one form or another
	legitimate medical uses for cannabis and consumer use of cannabis in connection with medical treatment. In addition, the States
	of Colorado, Washington, Alaska, Oregon, as well as the District of Columbia, have recently approved the recreational use of cannabis.
	The State laws are in conflict with the Federal Controlled Substances Act, which makes marijuana use and possession illegal on
	a national level. The Obama Administration has effectively stated that it is not an efficient use of resources to direct law federal
	law enforcement agencies to prosecute those lawfully abiding by State-designated laws allowing the use and distribution of medical
	marijuana. However, there is no guarantee that the Obama Administration will not change its stated policy regarding the low-priority
	enforcement of federal laws. Additionally, any new administration that follows could change this policy and decide to enforce
	the federal laws strongly. Any such change in the federal government’s enforcement of current federal laws could cause significant
	financial damage to us and our shareholders.





	 








	 



	5



	 









	 










	 






	Indoor
	Lighting Industry





	 






	Light
	and plant growth






	 




	Light
	is essential for plant growth. Natural sunlight is the cheapest source available, but for horticulture it is not always attainable
	in sufficient quantities. Therefore, the uses of artificial or alternative light sources have become very common in order to increase
	production and quality predominantly in indoor or greenhouse environments. Plants have a completely different sensitivity to light
	spectrum than humans. Every plant has their own sensitivity for colors and intensity of light. Using these alternate light sources
	for plants, effective light recipes are essential to obtain the optimal results in plant production.




	 






	Grow
	lights






	 




	A
	grow light or plant light is an artificial light source, generally an electric light, designed to stimulate plant growth by emitting
	an electromagnetic spectrum appropriate for photosynthesis. Grow lights are used in applications where there is either no naturally
	occurring light, or where supplemental light is required. For example, in the winter months when the available hours of daylight
	may be insufficient for the desired plant growth, lights are used to extend the time the plants receive light.




	 




	Grow
	lights either attempt to provide a light spectrum similar to that of the sun, or to provide a spectrum that is more tailored to
	the needs of the plants being cultivated. Outdoor conditions are mimicked with varying color, temperatures and spectral outputs
	from the grow light, as well as varying the lumen output (intensity) and PAR output of the lamps. Depending on the type of plant
	being cultivated, the stage of cultivation (e.g., the germination/vegetative phase or the flowering/fruiting phase), and the photoperiod
	required by the plants, specific ranges of spectrum, luminous efficacy and color temperature are desirable for use with specific
	plants and time periods.




	 




	Specially
	designed artificial light sources can improve diverse growth parameters. These all depends on several factors, like crop, environmental
	circumstances, light recipe and many more. The following is a list of benefits that can be achieved with specially designed artificial
	lighting:




	 






	 




	●




	Increased
	production and yield






	 




	 




	 






	 




	●




	Increased
	aromatic flavor and higher potency






	 




	 




	 






	 




	●




	Shortening
	of the total growth cycle






	 




	 




	 






	 




	●




	Better
	plant uniformity






	 




	 




	 






	 




	●




	Better
	space utility






	 




	 




	 






	 




	●




	Improved
	plant quality






	 




	 




	 






	 




	●




	Energy
	savings






	 




	 




	 






	 




	●




	Better
	germination rate






	 




	 




	 






	 




	●




	Higher
	multiplication factor






	 




	 




	 






	 




	●




	Higher
	survival rate in rooting






	 




	 




	 






	 




	●




	Improved/controlled
	stretching process






	 




	 




	 






	 




	●




	Accelerated
	hardening phase






	 






	Hydroponics






	 




	The
	great majority of our customers are retailers that specialize in Hydroponics and sell our products to Hydroponic enclosed farm
	operators. Hydroponics is a method of growing plants in mineral nutrient solutions, in water, without soil. Terrestrial plants
	may be grown with their roots in the mineral nutrient solution only or in an inert medium, such as polite, gravel, expanded clay
	pebbles or coconut husks.




	 







	 



	6



	 









	 









	 




	Some
	of the reasons why hydroponics is being adapted around the world for plant production are the following:




	 






	 




	●




	No
	soil is needed for hydroponics.






	 




	 




	 






	 




	●




	The
	water stays in the system and can be reused - thus, a lower water requirement and waste.






	 




	 




	 






	 




	●




	It
	is possible to control the nutrition levels in their entirety; thus, lower nutrition requirements.






	 




	 




	 






	 




	●




	No
	nutrition pollution is released into the environment because of the controlled system.






	 




	 




	 






	 




	●




	Stable
	and high yields.






	 




	 




	 






	 




	●




	Pests
	and diseases are easier to get rid of than in soil because of the container’s mobility.






	 




	 




	 






	 




	●




	Ease
	of harvesting.






	 




	 




	 






	 




	●




	No
	pesticide damage.






	 





	Our
	Business Strategy





	 




	Due
	to the expected increase in the number of States where the use of cannabis, both for medical and recreational use is being legalized,
	the Company intends to take advantage of what we believe is our premium brand image within the cannabis farming industry. We believe
	that as participation in the cannabis farming industry grows, in order to supply increasing demand caused by legalization, our
	Solis Tek brand equipment will be sought out by existing and new cannabis farms and businesses. Further, we intend to broaden
	our marketing efforts to the non-cannabis lighting market, which includes, among others, green house vegetables, decorative
	plant nurseries, indoor aquariums, and industrial painting facilities. Our strategy is to maintain and increase our market share
	by expanding our marketing efforts and by introducing new and improved lighting technology to help the industry become more efficient.
	In addition, the Company has also intends to market and sell a new line of plant nutrients, fertilizers and grow media
	to help expand the market reach and maximize the revenue potential of the Company.




	 





	Products





	 






	Ballasts






	 




	Ballasts
	provide the proper starting voltage, operating voltage and current to the lamp to initiate and sustain its arc. High Intensity
	Discharge (HID) lamps have negative resistance, which causes them to draw an increasing amount of current; hence, they require
	a current-limiting device. The ballast provides the following functions:




	 




	It
	provides starting voltage and, in some cases, ignition pulses. All ballasts must provide some specific minimum voltage to ignite
	the lamp. In the case of pulse start lamps, an additional high voltage pulse is needed to ionize the gases within the lamp. These
	pulses are superimposed near the peak starting voltage waveform; It regulates the lamp’s current and power. The ballast
	limits the current through the lamp once it has started. The ballast’s current is set to a level that delivers the proper
	power to the lamp. In addition, the ballast regulates the lamp’s current through the range of typical line voltage variations,
	thereby keeping the lamp’s power fairly stable to maximize the lamp’s life and performance and; It provides appropriate
	sustaining voltage and current wave shape to achieve the lamp’s rated life. The ballast provides sufficient voltage to sustain
	the lamp as it ages.




	 





	Solis
	Tek Digital Ballasts

	were designed with “Ignition Control” sequential lamp ignition, and “SenseSmart”,
	self- diagnostic safety systems. Solis Tek Digital Ballasts are software based, compared to competitors products that are controlled
	by hard wired microchips dictating commands to their ballasts. Because our ballasts are software based, our ballasts are more
	versatile and enables us to incorporate special features such as sequential ballast ignition technology (“Ignition Control”)and
	SenseSmart technologies that ignites metal halide lamps one at a time based on load stability. Ignition Control is a main feature
	of our ballasts that comes as a standard feature in all of our ballasts. Ignition Control assures that no matter how many lamps
	are contained in a lighting array attached to one power source, only one lamp will turn on at a predetermined time. This technology
	(not a randomized ignition startup) detects the voltage and amperage frequencies of the electrical circuit and ignites an array
	of metal halide or sodium lamps when the load for each lamp is most stable. We believe that SolisTek digital ballasts are the
	only ballasts capable of this technology. The use of our technology prevents surges and spikes in electrical environment in which
	an array of ballasts operate and also prevents the overloading of circuit breakers.




	 




	Our
	SenseSmart self-diagnosing system feature, enables our ballasts to internally safety check for over/under voltage, overheating,
	open circuits, short circuits and more. SmartSense will recognize an unsafe condition and take pre-determined actions to alleviate
	the safety issue.




	 







	 



	7



	 









	 









	 




	We
	offer a line of remote ballasts that include: 400W 120/240V, 600W 120/240V, 1000W 120/240V, 1000W 120/240V with remote control
	and timer, 1000W 240V only, and 1000W 277V.






	 








	A1
	1000W Complete Fixture








	 






	Beginning
	in 2015, we introduced a new A1 complete fixture equipped with ballast, reflector, and double ended lamp.






	 








	Digital
	Lamps






	 




	Metal
	halide lamps are a type of HID (High Intensity Discharge) lamp; mercury vapor and high-pressure sodium lamps are also HID lamps.
	Light is generated by creating an arc between the two electrodes located inside the inner arc tube. The inner arc tube is typically
	made of quartz, and this is a very harsh environment, with high temperatures approaching 1000°C and pressures of 3 or 4 atmospheres.
	To start a metal halide lamp, a high starting voltage is applied to the lamp’s electrodes to ionize the gas before current
	can flow and start the lamp.




	 




	Solis
	Tek Digital Lamps are designed to be specifically tuned and matched with Solis Tek digital ballasts. Our lamps feature color enhanced
	full balanced spectrums, prolonged lamp life , less depreciation of lumen output over time, and precise gas combinations for increased
	blues, reds, and ultra violet output. Our Lamps emit a full spectrum of light tuned specifically for particular types of plants.
	As well, our lamps provide ample Ultra Violet light that plants thrive upon. We have designed our lamps using special low iron
	glass envelopes so as to prevent the blockage of the full spectrum of light that our lamps are designed to provide. Using Solis
	Tek lamps, growers can expect superior photo-chemical reactions, proper UV balance, advanced HID lamp that is designed
	especially for plant growth, plant quality, and plant yield.




	 




	We
	offer a select variety of spectrums in both High Pressure Sodium (HPS), Metal Halides (MH), and Ceramic Metal Halids (CMH).




	 






	LED
	Technology






	 




	LED
	(light emitting diode) lighting supports sustainable design in several ways. It uses less energy than most other types of lamps,
	produces less heat, lasts longer (which means less frequent replacement and therefore reduced waste), is mercury-free, and is
	housed in special semi-conductor “chips” designed for easier configuration, disassembly, and recycling.




	 




	In
	our ongoing research and development program, we have designed and developed our next generation of high intensity lighting. Our
	LED technology, unlike other LED lighting sources, uses an advanced UV (Ultra Violet) diode phosphor combination to make our high
	intensity LED based lighting systems. Our LED systems will be available in the same light spectrums as our current HID lamps.
	Our patent pending and proprietary design will emit lighting equivalent to the high pressure sodium spectrum and ultra-violet
	spectrums and eliminate the inadequacies of current LED offerings to the horticultural industry i.e.: a) low intensity; b) lack
	of proper spectrum for particular plants; and c) longevity. Our LED “chips” will provide, from one LED, a full
	spectrum of light that mimics sunlight, as compared to other LED manufacturers of LEDs who provide arrays of several color specific
	LEDs in an attempt to cover the full light spectrum.




	 




	LED
	lighting produces significantly less heat than conventional HID and HPS lamps, so growers can control their greenhouse climate
	more accurately. Less heat also means more effective use of light, for example by increasing light levels, extending lighting
	periods, or by using LED light in greenhouses on warmer days without having to ventilate. Less heat also means you can place the
	light source closer to plants, reducing light loss.




	 







	 



	8



	 









	 











	 








	Solis
	Tek Reflectors






	 




	Our
	line of “Reflectors” is designed for use with our digital ballasts and lamps. However, they have standard sockets
	so that lamps and ballasts manufactured by others may also be used. Each Reflector features air cooling, heavily tinned wiring,
	low iron glass for less filtering of light, and utilize highly reflective aluminum to reflect light in the desired direction.




	 




	We
	currently offer five different variations and sizes of Reflectors.





	 






	Marketing





	 




	We
	currently market our products directly and through distributors, to hydroponic retailers through direct contacts, on-line email
	advertising, social media, trade magazine advertising, trade show promotions, and cross-promotional offerings. Our officers, along
	with four sales representatives and four distributors, are engaged in marketing our products. In addition, we work with a select
	few wholesale distributors who cover parts of the United States, Canada, Spain and the United Kingdom. Approximately 3% of our
	revenues were derived from non-U.S. sources in 2015.




	 





	Manufacturing
	and Supply





	 




	All
	of our current products are manufactured to our specifications in China. We currently rely upon one manufacturer and supplier
	of our ballast products. The family of our Chief Executive Officer’s spouse owns a thirty per cent (30%) interest in the
	manufacturer with the balance of ownership owned by non-related parties. We believe that the prices charged by this supplier is
	on terms no more favorable than terms generally available to terms that we may pay to an unaffiliated third party under the same
	or similar circumstances. All of our other products, including our lamps, are manufactured and supplied by unaffiliated third-party
	suppliers.




	 




	Our
	reliance upon manufacturers and suppliers located in China, subjects us to various political, economic, and other risks and uncertainties
	inherent in importing products from this country, including among other risks, export/import duties, quotas and embargoes; domestic
	and international customs and tariffs; changing taxation policies; foreign exchange restrictions; and political conditions and
	governmental regulations. There can be no assurance that if there were an interruption of our supply lines from China,
	that we would be able to find replacement suppliers of our products domestically, or from other countries, and even if we found
	replacement suppliers, that we would be able to obtain the products at the quality and prices we currently pay.




	 





	Technology
	and Development





	 




	We
	have entered into an agreement with G.A.S. Technologies Inc. (“GAS”) pursuant to which GAS will provide design, supply
	and engineering services to the Company as well as exclusively license to the Company certain products for the horticultural industry,
	including all digital lighting products (the “GAS Agreement”) developed by GAS. The GAS Agreement gives the Company
	the exclusive right to manufacture, market and distribute all of the licensed technology. Among the technologies licensed are
	GAS’s designs for some of the Company’s LED products.




	 




	The
	GAS Agreement provides that the Company will pay to Licensor a minimum royalty at the rate of $100,000 per year (the “Minimum
	Annual Royalty”), commencing on the date of this Agreement, plus seven per cent (7%) of all Net Sales in excess of $1,428,571
	per calendar year (the “Additional Royalty”).




	 





	Intellectual
	Property





	 




	We
	do not presently have any patents or trademarks. We will rely on a combination of copyright and trade secrets as well as confidentiality
	procedures and contractual provisions to protect our proprietary technology and our brand. We will rely on copyright laws to protect
	copy on our web site, www.solis-tek.com, and all marketing materials.




	 




	From
	time to time, we may encounter disputes over rights and obligations concerning intellectual property. Also, the efforts we have
	taken to protect our proprietary rights may not be sufficient or effective. Any significant impairment of our intellectual property
	rights could harm our business, our brand and reputation, or our ability to compete. Also, protecting our intellectual property
	rights could be costly and time consuming.




	 







	 



	9



	 









	 









	 





	Government
	Regulation





	 




	Historically,
	a majority percentage of end users of our products have used our products for the growing of specialty crops, such as
	cannabis. Currently, there are 23 States plus the District of Columbia that have laws and/or regulation that recognize
	in one form or another legitimate medical uses for cannabis and consumer use of cannabis in connection with medical treatment.
	In addition, the States of Colorado, Washington and Oregon, as well as the District of Columbia, have recently approved the recreational
	use of cannabis. Many other States are considering legislation to similar effect. As of June 1, 2015, the policy and regulations
	of the Federal government and its agencies is that cannabis has no medical benefit and a range of activities including cultivation
	and use of cannabis for personal use is prohibited on the basis of federal law and may or may not be permitted on the basis of
	State law. Active enforcement of the current federal regulatory position on cannabis on a regional or national basis may directly
	and adversely affect the willingness of our end user customers to continue to grow cannabis. Active enforcement of the current
	federal regulatory position on cannabis may thus directly and adversely affect revenues.





	 






	Competition






	 





	Our
	Lighting Products segment currently faces competition from traditional lighting fixture companies, lamp manufacturers and from
	non-traditional companies focused on LED lighting systems including fixtures and lamps. Lighting companies such as Acuity Brands,
	Inc., the Cooper Lighting division of Eaton Corporation plc, General Electric Company, Hubbell Incorporated, Philips, OSRAM, Gavita,
	Sunlight Supply and Hydrofarm are the main competitors in this market. Increasingly, however, other companies (i.e., start-ups)
	are beginning to emerge in the HID and LED lighting markets in which we compete. We compete on the basis of product features,
	quality and price.




	 




	Our
	LED lighting products will compete against traditional lighting products using incandescent, fluorescent, halogen, ceramic metal
	halide or other lighting technology. Our LED lighting products compete against traditional lighting products based upon superior
	energy savings, extended life, improved lighting quality and lower total cost of ownership. Also, our LED lighting products have
	a reduced impact on the environment as compared to fluorescent and compact fluorescent technologies that contain mercury.




	 




	We
	will also compete with LED-based products from traditional and non-traditional lamp and fixture companies, some of which are customers
	for our LED chips and LED components. Our products compete on the basis of color quality and consistency, superior light output,
	reduced energy consumption, brand and lower total cost of ownership.




	 





	Patents,
	trademarks, franchises, concessions, royalty agreements





	 




	We
	do not presently have any patents.

	We do own trademarks on certain of our products and our logo.

	We will rely on a combination of copyright and trade secrets as well as confidentiality procedures and contractual provisions
	to protect our proprietary technology and our brand. We will rely on copyright laws to protect copy on our web site, www.solis-tek.com,
	and all marketing materials.




	 




	From
	time to time, we may encounter disputes over rights and obligations concerning intellectual property. Also, the efforts we have
	taken to protect our proprietary rights may not be sufficient or effective. Any significant impairment of our intellectual property
	rights could harm our business, our brand and reputation, or our ability to compete. Also, protecting our intellectual property
	rights could be costly and time consuming.




	 





	Employees





	 




	As
	of the date hereof, the Company has 15 full-time employees, working for us in various capacities, including two Executive Officers,
	four in sales, five administrative, three in the warehouse, and one in research and development.




	 







	 



	10



	 










	 









	 









	Item
	1A - RISK FACTORS.






	 






	RISK
	FACTORS





	 




	RISKS
	RELATED TO MARIJUANA LAWS




	 




	Our
	business is dependent on laws pertaining to the marijuana industry.




	 




	Continued
	development of the marijuana industry is dependent upon continued legislative authorization of marijuana at the state level. Any
	number of factors could slow or halt progress in this area. Further, progress, while encouraging, is not assured. While there
	may be ample public support for legislative action, numerous factors impact the legislative process. Any one of these factors
	could slow or halt use of marijuana, which would negatively impact our business.




	 




	Currently,
	there are twenty-three States plus the District of Columbia that have laws and/or regulation that recognize in one form or another
	legitimate medical uses for cannabis and consumer use of cannabis in connection with medical treatment. In addition, the States
	of Colorado, Washington, Alaska, Oregon, as well as the District of Columbia, have recently approved the recreational use of cannabis.
	The State laws are in conflict with the Federal Controlled Substances Act, which makes marijuana use and possession illegal on
	a national level. The Obama Administration has effectively stated that it is not an efficient use of resources to direct law federal
	law enforcement agencies to prosecute those lawfully abiding by State-designated laws allowing the use and distribution of medical
	marijuana. However, there is no guarantee that the Obama Administration will not change its stated policy regarding the low-priority
	enforcement of federal laws. Additionally, any new administration that follows could change this policy and decide to enforce
	the federal laws strongly. Any such change in the federal government’s enforcement of current federal laws could cause significant
	financial damage to us and our shareholders.




	 




	Federal
	enforcement practices could change with respect to participants in the cannabis industry, which could adversely impact us. If
	the federal government were to change its practices, or were to expand its resources attacking providers in the cannabis industry,
	such action could have a materially adverse effect on our operations, our customers, or the sales of our products.




	 




	It
	is possible that additional Federal or state legislation could be enacted in the future that would prohibit our customers from
	selling cannabis, and if such legislation were enacted, such customers may discontinue the use of our services, our potential
	source of customers would be reduced, causing revenues to decline. Further, additional government disruption in the cannabis industry
	could cause potential customers and users to be reluctant to use our services, which would be detrimental to the Company.




	 




	We
	cannot predict the nature of any future laws, regulations, interpretations or applications, nor can we determine what effect additional
	governmental regulations or administrative policies and procedures, when and if promulgated, could have on our business.




	 




	Laws
	and regulations affecting the medical marijuana industry are constantly changing, which could detrimentally affect our proposed
	operations.




	 




	Local,
	state and federal medical marijuana laws and regulations are broad in scope and subject to evolving interpretations, which could
	require us to incur substantial costs associated with compliance or alter our business plan. In addition, violations of these
	laws, or allegations of such violations, could disrupt our business and result in a material adverse effect on its operations.
	In addition, it is possible that regulations may be enacted in the future that will be directly applicable to our proposed business.
	We cannot predict the nature of any future laws, regulations, interpretations or applications, nor can we determine what effect
	additional governmental regulations or administrative policies and procedures, when and if promulgated, could have on its business.




	 







	 



	11



	 









	 









	 




	RISKS
	RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS




	 




	Our
	manufacturing is concentrated with two key manufacturers, and if our relationship with either or both of them terminates or is
	otherwise impaired, we would likely experience increased costs, disruptions in the manufacture and shipment of our products and
	a material loss of net sales.




	 




	We
	have no long-term contracts with our manufacturers and as a result, our manufacturers could cease to provide products to us with
	no notice. Two of our manufacturers, Shenzhen Jayo Technologies Co., Ltd. and Zhuhai Relite Co., Ltd, together accounted for approximately
	96% of our cost of goods sold in 2015 and 2014, respectively. Each of these manufacturers is the sole source supplier for the
	products that it produces. We purchase from these two manufacturers on a purchase order basis with orders generally filled between
	45 and 60 days after our purchase order is placed. A loss of either or both of these manufacturers or other key manufacturers
	would result in delayed deliveries to our retailers and distributors, would adversely impact our net sales and may require the
	establishment of new manufacturing relationships. Additionally, we cannot be certain that we will not experience operational difficulties
	with our manufacturers, including reductions in the availability of production capacity, errors in complying with product specifications,
	insufficient quality control, failures to meet production deadlines, increases in manufacturing costs and increased lead times.




	 




	Risk
	of reliance on suppliers and manufacturers in China for production of our lighting related products.




	 




	All
	of our products are imported from and manufactured in China. For this reason, a major change in the political, economic and/or
	legal environment, or a natural disaster in China or another center of production, could have an impact on our ability to supply
	products.




	 




	We
	face business, political, operational, financial and economic risks because a portion of our net sales are generated internationally
	and substantially all of our products are manufactured outside of the United States.




	 




	We
	face business, political, operational, financial and economic risks inherent in international business, many of which are beyond
	our control, including: difficulties obtaining domestic and foreign export, import and other governmental approvals, permits and
	licenses, and compliance with foreign laws, which could halt, interrupt or delay our operations if we cannot obtain such approvals,
	permits and licenses, and that could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations; difficulties encountered by
	our international distributors or us in staffing and managing foreign operations or international sales, including higher labor
	costs, which could increase our expenses and decrease our net sales and profitability; transportation delays and difficulties
	of managing international distribution channels, which could halt, interrupt or delay our operations; longer payment cycles for,
	and greater difficulty collecting, accounts receivable, which could reduce our net sales and harm our financial results; trade
	restrictions, higher tariffs, currency fluctuations or the imposition of additional regulations relating to import or export of
	our products, especially in China, where substantially all of our products are manufactured, which could force us to seek alternate
	manufacturing sources or increase our expenses, either of which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations;
	political and economic instability, including wars, terrorism, political unrest, boycotts, curtailment of trade and other business
	restrictions, any of which could materially and adversely affect our net sales and results of operations; and natural disasters,
	which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.




	 




	Any
	of these factors could reduce our net sales, decrease our gross margin or increase our expenses. Should we establish our own operations
	in international territories where we currently utilize a distributor, we will become subject to greater risks associated with
	operating outside of the United States.




	 




	Any
	shortage of raw materials or components could impair our ability to ship orders of our products in a cost-efficient manner or
	could cause us to miss the delivery requirements of our retailers or distributors, which could harm our business.




	 




	The
	ability of our manufacturers to supply our products is dependent, in part, upon the availability of raw materials and certain
	components. Our manufacturers may experience shortages in the availability of raw materials or components, which could result
	in delayed delivery of products to us or in increased costs to us. Any shortage of raw materials or components or inability to
	control costs associated with manufacturing could increase the costs for our products or impair our ability to ship orders in
	a timely cost-efficient manner. As a result, we could experience cancellation of orders, refusal to accept deliveries or a reduction
	in our prices and margins, any of which could harm our financial performance and results of operations.




	 







	 



	12



	 









	 









	 




	Our
	business could suffer if any of our manufacturers fail to use acceptable labor practices.




	 




	We
	do not control our manufacturers or their labor practices. The violation of labor or other laws by a manufacturer utilized by
	us, or the divergence of an independent manufacturer’s labor practices from those generally accepted as ethical or legal
	in the United States, could damage our reputation or disrupt the shipment of finished products to us if such manufacturer is ordered
	to cease its manufacturing operations due to violations of laws or if such manufacturer’s operations are adversely affected
	by such failure to use acceptable labor practices. If this were to occur, it could have a material adverse effect on our financial
	condition and results of operations.




	 




	Foreign
	currency risk




	 




	For
	most products imported for our core business, transactions are conducted in U.S. dollars. Many major movements in exchange rates
	that persist for prolonged periods could have an adverse impact on our business results.




	 




	We
	may elect from time to time to make changes to our pricing, service, hiring and marketing decisions that could increase our expenses,
	affect our revenues and impact our financial results.




	 




	Because
	our expense levels in any given quarter are based, in part, on management’s expectations regarding future revenues, if revenues
	are below expectations, the effect on our operating results may be magnified by our inability to adjust spending in a timely manner
	to compensate for a shortfall in revenues. The extent to which expenses are not subsequently followed by increased revenues would
	harm our operating results and could seriously impair our business.




	 




	If
	we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow from operations or are unable to obtain additional equity or debt financing, to
	meet our working capital requirements, we may have to curtail our business operations sharply or cease business altogether.




	 




	We
	have a relatively short operating history on which to evaluate our potential for future success. This makes it difficult to evaluate
	our future prospects and the risk of success or failure of our business.




	 




	We
	incorporated in June of 2010 and your evaluation of our business and prospects will be based on our limited history. Consequently,
	our short history and results of operations may not give you an accurate indication of our future results of operations or prospects.
	You must consider our business and prospects in light of the risks and difficulties we will encounter as an early-stage company
	in a highly competitive market. We may not be able to successfully address these risks and difficulties, which could materially
	harm our business and operating results.




	 




	As
	we grow our business, we cannot guarantee our business strategies will be successful or that our revenues will ever increase sufficiently
	to achieve and maintain profitability on a quarterly or annual basis.




	 




	Defects
	or disruptions in the delivery if our service could diminish demand, decrease market acceptance or decrease customer satisfaction
	of our service and subject us to substantial liability.




	 




	We
	may, from time to time, find defects in our products service may be detected in the future. Any defects with our products could
	hurt our reputation and may damage our customers’ businesses. If that occurs, customers could elect not to renew, or delay
	or withhold payment to us, we could lose future sales, or, customers may make warranty or other claims against us, which could
	result in an increase in our provision for doubtful accounts, an increase in collection cycles for accounts receivable or the
	expense and risk of litigation.




	 







	 



	13



	 









	 









	 




	Our
	inability to effectively manage our growth could harm our business and materially and adversely affect our operating results and
	financial condition.




	 




	Our
	strategy envisions growing our business. We plan to expand our product, sales, administrative and marketing organizations. Any
	growth in or expansion of our business is likely to continue to place a strain on our management and administrative resources,
	infrastructure and systems. As with other growing businesses, we expect that we will need to further refine and expand our business
	development capabilities, our systems and processes and our access to financing sources. We also will need to hire, train, supervise
	and manage new employees. These processes are time consuming and expensive, will increase management responsibilities and will
	divert management attention. We cannot assure you that we will be able to:




	 






	 




	●




	expand
	our products offerings effectively or efficiently or in a timely manner;






	 




	 




	 






	 




	●




	allocate
	our human resources optimally;






	 




	 




	 






	 




	●




	meet
	our capital needs;






	 




	 




	 






	 




	●




	identify
	and hire qualified employees or retain valued employees; or






	 




	 




	 






	 




	●




	incorporate
	effectively the components of any business or product line that we may acquire in our effort to achieve growth.






	 




	Our
	inability or failure to manage our growth and expansion effectively could harm our business and materially and adversely affect
	our operating results and financial condition.




	 




	Our
	operating results may fluctuate significantly based on customer acceptance of our products. As a result, period-to-period comparisons
	of our results of operations are unlikely to provide a good indication of our future performance.




	 




	Management
	expects that we will experience substantial variations in our net sales and operating results from quarter to quarter due to customer
	acceptance of our products. If customers do not accept our products, our sales and revenues will decline, resulting in a reduction
	in our operating income.




	 




	Customer
	interest for our products could also be impacted by the timing of our introduction of new products. If our competitors introduce
	new products around the same time that we issue new products, and if such competing products are superior to our own, customers’
	desire for our products could decrease, resulting in a decrease in our sales and revenues. To the extent that we introduce new
	products and customers decide not to migrate to our new products from our older products, our revenues could be negatively impacted
	due to the loss of revenue from those customers. In the event that our newer products do not sell as well as our older products,
	we could also experience a reduction in our revenues and operating income.




	 




	As
	a result of fluctuations in our revenue and operating expenses that may occur, management believes that period-to-period comparisons
	of our results of operations are unlikely to provide a good indication of our future performance.




	 




	If
	we do not successfully generate additional products and services, or if such products and services are developed but not successfully
	commercialized, we could lose revenue opportunities.




	 




	Our
	future success depends, in part, on our ability to expand our product offerings. To that end we have engaged in the process of
	identifying new product opportunities to provide additional products to our customers. The process of identifying and commercializing
	new products is complex and uncertain, and if we fail to accurately predict customers’ changing needs and emerging technological
	trends our business could be harmed. We may have to commit significant resources to commercializing new products before knowing
	whether our investments will result in products the market will accept. Furthermore, we may not execute successfully on commercializing
	those products because of errors in product planning or timing, technical hurdles that we fail to overcome in a



	timely


	fashion, or a lack of appropriate resources.
	This could result in competitors providing those solutions before we do and a reduction in net sales and earnings.





	 




	The
	success of new products depends on several factors, including proper new product definition, timely completion and introduction
	of these products, differentiation of new products from those of our competitors, and market acceptance of these products. There
	can be no assurance that we will successfully identify new product opportunities, develop and bring new products to market in
	a timely manner, or achieve market acceptance of our products or that products and technologies developed by others will not render
	our products or technologies obsolete or non-competitive.




	 







	 



	14



	 









	 









	 




	Our
	inability to effectively protect our intellectual property would adversely affect our ability to compete effectively, our revenue,
	our financial condition and our results of operations.




	 




	We
	may be unable to obtain intellectual property rights to effectively protect our technology. Our ability to compete effectively
	may be affected by the nature and breadth of our intellectual property rights. While we intend to defend against any threats to
	our intellectual property rights, there can be no assurance that any such actions will adequately protect our interests. If we
	are unable to secure intellectual property rights to effectively protect our technology, our revenue and earnings, financial condition,
	or results of operations would be adversely affected.




	 




	We
	may be adversely affected by the financial condition of our retailers and distributors.




	 




	Some
	of our retailers and distributors have experienced financial difficulties in the past. A retailer or distributor experiencing
	such difficulties will generally not purchase and sell as many of our products as it would under normal circumstances and may
	cancel orders. In addition, a retailer or distributor experiencing financial difficulties generally increases our exposure to
	uncollectible receivables. We extend credit to our retailers and distributors based on our assessment of their financial condition,
	generally without requiring collateral. While such credit losses have historically been within our reserves, we cannot assure
	you that this will continue to be the case. Financial difficulties on the part of our retailers or distributors could have a material
	adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.




	 




	Our
	industry is highly competitive and we have less capital and resources than many of our competitors, which may give them an advantage
	in developing and marketing products similar to ours or make our products obsolete.




	 




	We
	are involved in a highly competitive industry where we may compete with numerous other companies who offer alternative methods
	or approaches, who have far greater resources, more experience, and personnel perhaps more qualified than we do. Such resources
	may give our competitors an advantage in developing and marketing products similar to ours or products that make our products
	obsolete. There can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully compete against these other entities.




	 




	We
	will be required to attract and retain top quality talent to compete in the marketplace.




	 




	We
	believe our future growth and success will depend in part on our ability to attract and retain highly skilled managerial, product
	development, sales and marketing, and finance personnel. There can be no assurance of success in attracting and retaining such
	personnel. Shortages in qualified personnel could limit our ability to increase sales of existing products and launch new product
	and service offerings.




	 




	Our
	future success depends on our ability to grow and expand our customer base. Our failure to achieve such growth or expansion could
	materially harm our business.




	 




	To
	date, our revenue growth has been derived primarily from the sale of our products. Our success and the planned growth and expansion
	of our business depend on us achieving greater and broader acceptance of our products and expanding our customer base. There can
	be no assurance that customers will purchase our products or that we will continue to expand our customer base. If we are unable
	to effectively market or expand our product offerings, we will be unable to grow and expand our business or implement our business
	strategy. This could materially impair our ability to increase sales and revenue and materially and adversely affect our margins.




	 




	Weakened
	global economic conditions may adversely affect our industry, business and results of operations

	.





	 




	Our
	overall performance will depend, in part, on worldwide economic conditions. The United States and other key international economies
	have been impacted by falling demand for a variety of goods and services, restricted credit, going concern threats to major multinational
	companies and medium and small businesses, poor liquidity, reduced corporate profitability, volatility in credit, equity and foreign
	exchange markets and bankruptcies. These conditions affect the rate of information technology spending and could adversely affect
	our customers’ ability or willingness to purchase our proposed enterprise cloud computing application service, delay prospective
	customers’ purchasing decisions, reduce the value or duration of their subscription contracts, or affect renewal rates,
	all of which could adversely affect our operating results.




	 







	 



	15



	 









	 









	 




	If
	we experience significant fluctuations in our rate of anticipated growth and fail to balance our expenses with our revenue forecasts,
	our results could be harmed.




	 




	Due
	to our evolving business model, the unpredictability of new markets that we intend to enter and the unpredictability of future
	general economic and financial market conditions, we may not be able to accurately forecast our rate of growth. We plan our expense
	levels and investment on estimates of future revenue and future anticipated rate of growth. As a result, we expect that our revenues,
	operating results and cash flows may fluctuate significantly on a quarterly basis.




	 




	We
	may in the future be sued by third parties for alleged infringement of their proprietary rights.




	 




	The
	lighting industry are characterized by the existence of a large number of patents, trademarks and copyrights and by frequent litigation
	based on allegations of infringement or other violations of intellectual property rights. We may receive in the future communications
	from third parties claiming that we have infringed the intellectual property rights of others. We may in the future be, sued by
	third parties for alleged infringement of their proprietary rights. Our technologies may not be able to withstand any third-party
	claims against their use. The outcome of any litigation is inherently uncertain. Any intellectual property claims, whether with
	or without merit, could be time-consuming and expensive to resolve, could divert management attention from executing our business
	plan and could require us to change our technology, change our business practices and/or pay monetary damages or enter into short-
	or long-term royalty or licensing agreements which may not be available in the future at the same terms or at all. In addition,
	many of our subscription agreements require us to indemnify our customers for third-party intellectual property infringement claims,
	which would increase the cost to us of an adverse ruling on such a claim. Any adverse determination related to intellectual property
	claims or litigation could prevent us from offering our service to others, or could otherwise adversely affect our operating results
	or cash flows or both in a particular quarter.




	 




	Supporting
	a growing customer base could strain our personnel and corporate infrastructure, and if we are unable to scale our operations
	and increase productivity, we may not be able to successfully implement our business plan.




	 




	Our
	current Management and human resources infrastructure is comprised of our CEO, our COO and several outsourced consultants. Our
	success will depend, in part, upon the ability of our Management to manage our proposed business effectively. To do so, we will
	need to hire, train and manage new employees as needed. To manage the expected domestic growth of our operations and personnel,
	we will need to continue to improve our operational, financial and management controls and our reporting systems and procedures.
	If we fail to successfully scale our operations and increase productivity, we will be unable to execute our business plan.




	 




	We
	are dependent on our CEO and COO, and the loss of one or more of these individuals could harm our business and prevent us from
	implementing our business plan in a timely manner.




	 




	Our
	success depends substantially upon the continued services of our executive officers and other key members of management, particularly
	our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Operating Officers. We do not have employment agreements with our CEO and COO; therefore,
	they could terminate their employment with us at any time. We do not maintain key person life insurance policies on our CEO or
	COO. The loss of the services of our CEO and COO could seriously harm our business.




	 




	Failure
	to manage growth properly could seriously harm our business.




	 




	We
	have experienced, and may continue to experience, significant growth in our business. If we do not effectively manage our growth,
	the quality of our business may suffer, which could negatively affect our reputation and demand for our offerings. Our growth
	has placed, and is expected to continue to place, a significant strain on our managerial, administrative, operational, and financial
	resources and our infrastructure. Our future success will depend, in part, upon the ability of our senior management to manage
	growth effectively. Among other things, this will require us to: implement additional management information systems; further
	develop our operating, administrative, legal, financial, and accounting systems and controls; hire additional personnel; develop
	additional levels of management within our company; locate additional office space; maintain and improve coordination among our
	engineering, product, operations, legal, finance, sales, marketing, and customer service and support organizations; and manage
	our expanding international operations.




	 







	 



	16



	 









	 









	 




	Moreover,
	as our sales increase, we may be required to concurrently deploy our business infrastructure at multiple additional locations
	and/or provide increased levels of customization. As a result, we may lack the resources to deploy our products on a timely and
	cost-effective basis. Failure to accomplish any of these requirements could impair our ability to deliver our products in a timely
	fashion, fulfill existing customer commitments or attract and retain new customers.




	 




	Our
	ability to grow our business may depend on developing a positive brand reputation and member loyalty.




	 




	Establishing
	and maintaining a positive brand reputation and nurturing customer loyalty is critical to attracting new customers. We expect
	to expend reasonable but limited resources to develop, maintain and enhance our brand in the near future. In addition, nurturing
	customer loyalty will depend on our ability to provide high-quality products which we may not do successfully. If we are unable
	to maintain and enhance our brand reputation and customer loyalty, our ability to attract new marketplace participants will be
	harmed.




	 




	There
	can be no assurance that we will be able to compete against the numerous direct, indirect and partial competitors, many of which
	have valuable industry relationships and access to greater resources than we do.




	 




	Our
	retail and online distribution channels compete for customers and sales with many different companies and products that are competitive
	today and likely to be even more competitive in the future. Accordingly, it is essential that we continue to develop, improve
	and refine our products and the value propositions that are offered to customers.




	 




	We
	also face competition from other companies that offer equipment. Moreover, as the negative stigma associated with cannabis horticulture
	diminishes, it is very possible that other better capitalized public and private companies many enter the market and may effectively
	challenge the value proposition offered by us. These competitors may be able to attract customers more easily because of their
	financial resources. Our larger competitors can also devote substantially more resources to business development and may adopt
	more aggressive pricing policies. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in accomplishing our business initiatives,
	or that we will be able to maintain significant levels of revenues, or recognize net income, from the sale of our products and
	services.




	 




	We
	do not anticipate paying dividends in the foreseeable future.




	 




	We
	anticipate that we will retain all future earnings and other cash resources for the future operation and development of our business
	and we do not intend to declare or pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Future payment of cash dividends will be
	at the discretion of our board of directors after taking into account many factors, including our operating results, financial
	condition and capital requirements. Corporations that pay dividends may be viewed as a better investment than corporations that
	do not.




	 




	We
	are dependent to some extent on our Chief Technology Consultant for new and improved products.




	 




	The
	Company’s Chief Technology Consultant is GAS Technologies Incorporated (“GAST”). Should GAST or any other participating
	technology providers be unable to execute their portion of the development effort, new development of exclusive products of Solis
	Tek or any of its future plans could be delayed until a replacement is found.




	 




	Legal
	Contingencies.




	 




	From
	time to time, we may be involved in routine legal proceedings, as well as demands, claims and threatened litigation that arise
	in the normal course of our business. The ultimate amount of liability, if any, for any claims of any type (either alone or in
	the aggregate) may materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. In addition,
	the ultimate outcome of any litigation is uncertain. Any outcome, whether favorable or unfavorable, may materially and adversely
	affect us due to legal costs and expenses, diversion of management attention and other factors. We expense legal costs in the
	period incurred. We cannot assure you that additional contingencies of a legal nature or contingencies having legal aspects will
	not be asserted against us in the future, and these matters could relate to prior, current or future transactions or events. Except
	as described below, we are not currently a party to any material litigation.




	 







	 



	17



	 









	 









	 




	We
	may need to raise additional capital. If we are unable to raise additional capital, we may not be able to achieve our business
	plan.




	 




	We
	may need to raise additional funds through public or private debt or equity financings as well as obtain credit from vendors to
	be able to fully execute our business plan. Any additional capital raised through the sale of equity may dilute current shareholders’
	ownership interest. We may not be able to raise additional funds on favorable terms, or at all. If we are unable to obtain additional
	funds or credit from our vendors, we will be unable to execute our business plan and you could lose your investment.




	 




	We
	have limited protection of our intellectual property.




	 




	There
	can be no assurance that we will be able to adequately protect our trade secrets. In the event competitors independently develop
	or otherwise obtain access to our know-how, concepts or trade secrets, we may be adversely affected.




	 




	RISKS
	RELATED TO OWNERSHIP OF OUR COMMON STOCK




	 




	There
	is not an active liquid trading market for the Company’s common stock.




	 




	The
	Company common stock is quoted on the OTCQB. However, there is no regular active trading market in the Company’s common
	stock, and we cannot give an assurance that an active trading market will develop. If an active market for the Company’s
	common stock develops, there is a significant risk that the Company’s stock price may fluctuate dramatically in the future
	in response to any of the following factors, some of which are beyond our control, such as:




	 






	 




	●




	Actual
	or anticipated variations in our operating results (including whether we have achieved our key business targets, and/or earnings
	estimates) and prospects;






	 




	 




	 






	 




	●




	Announcements
	of technological innovations by us or our competitors;






	 




	 




	 






	 




	●




	Announcements
	by us or our competitors of significant acquisitions, business achievements, strategic partnerships, joint ventures, or capital
	commitments;






	 




	 




	 






	 




	●




	Additions
	or departures of key personnel;






	 




	 




	 






	 




	●




	Introduction
	of new services by us or our competitors;






	 




	 




	 






	 




	●




	Sales
	of our common stock or other securities in the open market (particularly if overall trading volume is not high);






	 




	 




	 






	 




	●




	General
	market conditions and broader political and economic conditions;






	 




	 




	 






	 




	●




	Actual
	or anticipated monetization’s of our patents; and






	 




	 




	 






	 




	●




	Other
	events or factors, many of which are beyond our control.






	 







	 



	18



	 









	 









	 




	Our
	board of directors has the authority to issue up to 5 million shares of “blank check” preferred stock. The issuance
	of any preferred stock may adversely affect the holders of common stock.




	 




	Our
	Certificate of Incorporation authorizes the issuance of up to 20,000,000 shares of preferred stock with designations, rights and
	preferences determined from time to time by its Board of Directors. Accordingly, our Board of Directors is empowered, without
	stockholder approval, to issue preferred stock with dividend, liquidation, conversion, voting, or other rights which could adversely
	affect the voting power or other rights of the holders of the common stock. In the event of issuance, the preferred stock could
	be utilized, under certain circumstances, as a method of discouraging, delaying or preventing a change in control of the Company.
	Although we have no present intention to issue any shares of our authorized preferred stock, there can be no assurance that the
	Company will not do so in the future.




	 




	Future
	issuance of our Common Stock could dilute the interests of existing shareholders.




	 




	We
	may issue additional shares of our Common Stock in the future. The issuance of a substantial amount of Common Stock could have
	the effect of substantially diluting the interests of our shareholders. In addition, the sale of a substantial amount of Common
	Stock in the public market, either in the initial issuance or in a subsequent resale by the target company in an acquisition which
	received such Common Stock as consideration or by investors who acquired such Common Stock in a private placement could have an
	adverse effect on the market price of our Common Stock.




	 




	We
	have no plans to pay dividends.




	 




	To
	date, we have paid no cash dividends on our common shares. For the foreseeable future, earnings generated from our operations
	will be retained for use in our business and not to pay dividends.




	 




	The
	application of the Securities and Exchange Commission’s “penny stock” rules to our Common Stock could limit
	trading activity in the market, and our shareholders may find it more difficult to sell their stock.




	 




	It
	is expected our Common Stock will be trading at less than $5.00 per share and is therefore subject to the SEC penny stock rules.
	Penny stocks generally are equity securities with a price of less than $5.00. Penny stock rules require a broker-dealer, prior
	to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from the rules, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document that
	provides information about penny stocks and the risks in the penny stock market. The broker-dealer also must provide the customer
	with current bid and offer quotations for the penny stock, the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction,
	and monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer’s account. The broker-dealer
	must also make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the
	purchaser’s written agreement to the transaction. These requirements may have the effect of reducing the level of trading
	activity, if any, in the secondary market for a security that becomes subject to the penny stock rules. The additional burdens
	imposed upon broker-dealers by such requirements may discourage broker-dealers from effecting transactions in our securities,
	which could severely limit their market price and liquidity of our securities. These requirements may restrict the ability of
	broker-dealers to sell our Common Stock and may affect your ability to resell our Common Stock.




	 




	If
	we are unable to establish appropriate internal financial reporting controls and procedures, it could cause us to fail to meet
	our reporting obligations, result in the restatement of our financial statements, harm our operating results, subject us to regulatory
	scrutiny and sanction, cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information and have a negative effect on
	the market price for shares of our Common Stock.




	 




	Effective
	internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and to effectively prevent fraud. We maintain a system
	of internal control over financial reporting, which is defined as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our principal
	executive officer and principal financial officer, or persons performing similar functions, and effected by our board of directors,
	management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
	of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.




	 




	As
	a public company, we have significant requirements for enhanced financial reporting and internal controls. We will be required
	to document and test our internal control procedures in order to satisfy the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
	Act of 2002, which requires annual management assessments of the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting.
	The process of designing and implementing effective internal controls is a continuous effort that requires us to anticipate and
	react to changes in our business and the economic and regulatory environments and to expend significant resources to maintain
	a system of internal controls that is adequate to satisfy our reporting obligations as a public company.




	 







	 



	19



	 









	 









	 




	We
	cannot assure you that we will not, in the future, identify areas requiring improvement in our internal control over financial
	reporting. We cannot assure you that the measures we will take to remediate any areas in need of improvement will be successful
	or that we will implement and maintain adequate controls over our financial processes and reporting in the future as we continue
	our growth. If we are unable to establish appropriate internal financial reporting controls and procedures, it could cause us
	to fail to meet our reporting obligations, result in the restatement of our financial statements, harm our operating results,
	subject us to regulatory scrutiny and sanction, cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information and have
	a negative effect on the market price for shares of our Common Stock.




	 




	Lack
	of experience as officers of publicly-traded companies of our management team may hinder our ability to comply with Sarbanes-Oxley
	Act.




	 




	It
	may be time consuming, difficult and costly for us to develop and implement the internal controls and reporting procedures required
	by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. We may need to hire additional financial reporting, internal controls and other finance staff or consultants
	in order to develop and implement appropriate internal controls and reporting procedures.




	 




	We
	will incur increased costs as a public company which may affect our profitability.




	 




	Solis
	Tek Inc. previously operated as a private company in California. As a public company, we incur significant legal, accounting and
	other expenses. We are subject to the SEC’s rules and regulations relating to public disclosure. SEC disclosures generally
	involve a substantial expenditure of financial resources. Compliance with these rules and regulations will significantly increase
	our legal and financial compliance costs and some activities will become more time-consuming and costly. Management may need to
	increase compensation for senior executive officers, engage additional senior financial officers who are able to adopt financial
	reporting and control procedures, allocate a budget for an investor and public relations program, and increase our financial and
	accounting staff in order to meet the demands and financial reporting requirements as a public reporting company. Such additional
	personnel, public relations, reporting and compliance costs may negatively impact our financial results.




	 




	Public
	company compliance may make it more difficult to attract and retain officers and directors.




	 




	The
	Sarbanes-Oxley Act and rules implemented by the SEC require changes in corporate governance practices of public companies. As
	a public company, these rules and regulations increase our compliance costs and make certain activities more time consuming and
	costly. As a public company, these rules and regulations make it more difficult and expensive for us to obtain director and officer
	liability insurance in the future and we may be required to accept reduced policy limits and coverage or incur substantially higher
	costs to obtain the same or similar coverage. As a result, it may be more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified persons
	to serve on our board of directors or as executive officers.




	 




	Because
	our directors and executive officers are among our largest shareholders, they can exert significant control over our business
	and affairs and have actual or potential interests that may depart from those of shareholders.




	 




	Our
	directors and executive officers own or control a significant percentage of the Common Stock. Additionally, the holdings of our
	directors and executive officers may increase in the future if they otherwise acquire additional shares of our Common Stock. The
	interests of such persons may differ from the interests of our other shareholders. As a result, in addition to their board seats
	and offices, such persons will have significant influence over and control all corporate actions requiring shareholder approval,
	irrespective of how the Company’s other shareholders, including purchasers in the Offering, may vote, including the following
	actions:




	 






	 




	●




	to
	elect or defeat the election of our directors;






	 




	 




	 






	 




	●




	to
	amend or prevent amendment of our Certificate of Incorporation or By-laws;






	 







	 



	20



	 









	 









	 






	 




	●




	to
	effect or prevent a merger, sale of assets or other corporate transaction; and






	 




	 




	 






	 




	●




	to
	control the outcome of any other matter submitted to our shareholders for vote.






	 




	Such
	persons’ stock ownership may discourage a potential acquirer from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to obtain
	control of the Company, which in turn could reduce our stock price or prevent our shareholders from realizing a premium over our
	stock price.





	 








	ITEM
	2. DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY.




	 




	The
	Company does not own any real property. Our principal executive offices and warehouse are located at 16926 S. Keegan Avenue, Unit
	A, Carson, California. We occupy the 19,060 square foot facility pursuant to a lease ending on August 31, 2017, with an unaffiliated
	party, pursuant to which we pay $9,339.40 per month in rental charges.




	 




	On
	October 1, 2014, our wholly owned subsidiary, Solis Tek East, Corporation executed a lease for a 10,160 square foot offices and
	warehouse facilities located at 89 Leuning Street, Unit D2, South Hackensack New Jersey. The lease, with an unaffiliated party,
	is for the five year period ending on December 31, 2019, pursuant to which Solis Tek East, Corporation pays $8,818.59 per month
	in rental charges. The Company has guaranteed Solis Tek East, Corporation’s performance under the lease.





	 








	ITEM
	3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS.




	 




	We
	know of no material, existing or pending legal proceedings against our company, nor are we involved as a plaintiff in any material
	proceeding or pending litigation. There are no proceedings in which any of our directors, officers or affiliates, or any registered
	or beneficial stockholder, is an adverse party or has a material interest adverse to our interest.	





	 








	ITEM
	4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES.




	 




	Not
	Applicable.




	 







	 



	21



	 











	 









	 









	PART
	II






	 









	ITEM
	5. MARKET FOR COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND SMALL BUSINESS ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES.




	 




	Our
	common stock is quoted on the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority’s OTCQB under the symbol “SLTK”. The following
	quotations obtained from Yahoo! Finance reflect the highs and low bids for our common stock based on inter-dealer prices, without
	retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not represent actual transactions.




	 




	The
	high and low bid prices of our common stock for the previous two fiscal years are as follows:




	 








	Quarter
	Ended




	 




	High




	 




	 




	Low




	 






	December
	31, 2015




	 




	$




	0.30




	 




	 




	$




	0.30




	 






	September
	30, 2015




	 




	$




	0.33




	 




	 




	$




	0.33




	 






	June
	30, 2015




	 




	$




	2.00




	 




	 




	$




	2.00




	 






	March
	31, 2015




	 




	$




	2.00




	 




	 




	$




	2.00




	 






	December
	31, 2014




	 




	$




	2.00




	 




	 




	$




	2.00




	 






	September
	30, 2014




	 




	$




	2.00




	 




	 




	$




	2.00




	 






	June
	30, 2014




	 




	$




	2.00




	 




	 




	$




	2.00




	 






	March
	31, 2014




	 




	$




	2.00




	 




	 




	$




	2.00




	 







	 




	On
	April 4, 2016, the closing high and low bid prices for our common stock was $0.50 and $0.50 respectively.




	 






	Transfer
	Agent







	 





	Our
	Transfer Agent and Registrar for our common stock is Action Stock Transfer Corp., 2469 E. Fort Union Blvd., Suite 214, Salt Lake
	City, UT. 84121.




	 






	Holders
	of Common Stock







	 





	As
	of December 31, 2015, there were approximately 85 shareholders of record holding a total of 29,576,998 shares of Common Stock.
	The holders of the Common Stock are entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters submitted to a vote of shareholders.
	Holders of the Common Stock have no preemptive rights and no right to convert their Common Stock into any other securities. There
	are no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to the Common Stock.




	 






	Dividends







	 





	We
	have declared any cash dividends since inception and do not anticipate paying any dividends in the foreseeable future. The payment
	of dividends is within the discretion of the Board of Directors and will depend on the Company’s earnings, capital requirements,
	financial condition and other relevant factors. There are no restrictions that currently limit the Registrant’s ability
	to pay dividends on its Common Stock other than those generally imposed by applicable state law.




	 






	Recent
	Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use of Proceeds from Registered Securities







	 





	During
	the year ended December 31, 2014, the Company sold a total of 4,575,000 shares of its common stock at $0.25 and at $0.50 per share
	pursuant to private placement offerings. The gross proceeds from the sale were $1,887,500 and the net proceeds were $1,873,025.
	During the year ended December 31, 2015, the Company sold an additional 1,612,032 shares of its common stock at $0.50 per share
	as part of the private placement offering. The gross and net proceeds from the sale were $806,000. At December 31, 2015, there
	were 29,576,998 shares of common stock issued and outstanding.




	 







	 



	22



	 









	 









	 




	In
	November 2015, the Company entered into a four year employment agreement with one of its employees in which the employee was granted
	500,000 shares of the Company’s common stock. The shares vest equally in six month periods over the four years, with the
	first tranche of 62,500 shares vesting in May 2016, subject to the employee being employed by the Company at the end of each six
	month period and to the provisions of the Standard Terms and Conditions. In all other respects, and except as specifically provided
	herein, such grant will be subject to terms and conditions of the Company’s standard terms and conditions for this type
	of award.




	 




	The
	foregoing issuances were deemed to be exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, by
	virtue of Section 4(a)(2) thereof, as a transaction by an issuer not involving a public offering.





	 









	ITEM
	6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA.





	 




	As
	a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide the information required by this Item.





	 







	ITEM
	7.

	-



	Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations






	 






	The
	following discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated
	financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this report. This discussion contains forward-looking statements
	that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. See “Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements.” Our actual results
	could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors discussed in “Risk
	Factors” and elsewhere in this report.





	 




	The
	following discussion and analysis of the Company’s financial condition and results of operations is based on the preparation
	of our financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. You should read this discussion
	and analysis together with such financial statements and the related notes thereto.




	 





	Critical
	Accounting Policies and Estimates





	 




	Management’s
	discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based on our financial statements, which have
	been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The preparation of these financial
	statements requires management to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues
	and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. On an ongoing basis, management evaluates its estimates,
	including those related to impairment of long-lived assets, including finite lived intangible assets, accrued liabilities, fair
	value of warrant derivatives and certain expenses. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions
	that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying
	values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ materially from these
	estimates under different assumptions or conditions.




	 




	Our
	significant accounting policies are more fully described in Note 1 to our financial statements. The preparation of financial statements
	in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates
	and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses, and the related disclosures of
	contingent assets and liabilities. Actual results could differ from those estimates under different assumptions or conditions.
	We believe that the following critical accounting policies are subject to estimates and judgments used in the preparation of our
	consolidated financial statements:




	 






	Allowance
	for Doubtful Accounts






	 




	The
	allowance for doubtful accounts is based on the Company’s assessment of the collectability of customer accounts. The Company
	regularly reviews the allowance by considering factors such as historical experience, the age of the accounts receivable balances,
	credit quality, economic conditions that may affect a customer’s ability to pay and expected default frequency rates. Trade
	receivables are written off at the point when they are considered uncollectible.




	 







	 



	23



	 









	 









	 






	Inventories






	 




	The
	Company provides inventory reserves based on excess and obsolete inventories determined primarily by future demand forecasts.
	The write down amount is measured as the difference between the cost of the inventory and market based upon assumptions about
	future demand and charged to the provision for inventory, which is a component of cost of sales. At the point of the loss recognition,
	a new, lower cost basis for that inventory is established, and subsequent changes in facts and circumstances do not result in
	the restoration or increase in that newly established cost basis.




	 






	Inventories
	under warranty claims






	 




	In
	the ordinary course of business, the Company receives product returns from its customers. The product returns are almost entirely
	ballasts. Since its inception, the Company has purchased its ballasts from two Chinese manufacturers and one of them (a related
	entity, see Note 5) offers a three year warranty on its products. Through December 31, 2015, that manufacturer was not able to
	repair the Company’s ballasts, as the Company could not return the products to the manufacturer’s facility due to
	Chinese customs reasons. As such, in late 2015, the related party vendor issued the Company a credit memo for the entire amount
	of their returned product, totaling $653,118. The Company is planning to send the products to a free trade zone in Hong Kong or
	to another location in China, to repair, or replace, the defective products. As the manufacturer has issued the Company a credit
	for all of the defective product, the Company has not recorded a reserve on any of those products. But, the Company has recorded
	a reserve on the other manufacturer’s products.




	 






	Results
	of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2015 compared to the year ended December 31, 2014






	 





	Revenue
	and Cost of Goods Sold





	 




	Revenue
	for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014 was $7,713,456 and $6,155,379, respectively. The increase of $1,558,077 was primarily
	due to more market penetration within our hydroponic customers and commercial facilities during 2015, as compared to 2014.




	 




	Cost
	of sales for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, was $4,994,420 and $4,638,749, respectively. Gross profit for the years
	ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, was $2,719,036 and $1,516,630, respectively. The gross profit increase of $1,202,406 was primarily
	due to the increase in revenue, but the Company’s gross profit margin also increased from 25% during 2014 to 35% during
	2015. The increase in profit margin related to the sales of higher margin products during the 2015 period, primarily lamp products.




	 





	Research
	and Development Expenses





	 




	Research
	and development (“R&D”) expenses for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014 was $256,448 and $120,537, respectively.
	The increase in R&D expenses of $135,911 was due primarily to the addition of an employee dedicated to R&D activities
	beginning in the first quarter of 2015.




	 





	Selling,
	General and Administrative Expenses





	 




	Selling,
	general and administrative (“SG&A”) expenses for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014 was $2,825,269 and
	$1,808,291, respectively. The increase in SG&A expenses of $1,016,978 partially related to the opening of our two new subsidiaries
	in late 2014, primarily our east coast subsidiary and its related facility. SG&A expenses for our two new subsidiaries in
	2015 were $504,541 and are included in the variances to follow. The increase in SG&A expenses was due primarily to the increase
	in labor costs of $620,089, trade show and promotional costs of $101,668, rent and facility costs of $82,088 and bad debt expense
	of $76,166, plus other SG&A expenses.




	 







	 



	24



	 









	 









	 





	Other
	Income and Expenses





	 




	Other
	expenses, net, for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014 was $309,443 and $298,042, respectively. The increase in other expenses,
	net, in 2015 of $11,401 related to merger costs incurred in 2015 of $248,980 and the increase in interest expense of $12,362,
	offset by an impairment of a loan receivable in 2014 in the amount of $250,000. The increase in interest expense in 2015 related
	to the amortization of loan fees recorded as interest expense in 2015 of $11,630.





	 






	Net
	Loss





	 




	Our
	net loss for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014 was $553,022 and $660,632, respectively. The decrease in net loss of $107,610
	was due to the increase in gross profit of $1,202,406 and the increase in the benefit for income taxes of $69,494, offset by the
	increase in R&D expenses of $135,911, the increase in SG&A expenses of $1,016,978 and the increase in other expenses,
	net, of $11,401.




	 







	Liquidity
	and Capital Resources






	 






	Cash
	and Liquidity






	 





	The
	accompanying financial statements have been prepared under the assumption that the Company will continue as a going concern. Such
	assumption contemplates the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. For the year
	ended December 31, 2015, the Company recorded a net loss of $553,022 and utilized cash in operations of $1,249,157. During 2015,
	the company experienced losses in connection with professional and other fees incurred in connection with its reverse merger.
	In addition, the Company increased its inventory levels to acquire new products and to meet anticipated sales demand. These factors
	combined to significantly utilize existing cash on hand and maximize utilization of our credit facilities.




	 




	We
	estimate the Company currently has sufficient cash and liquidity to meet its anticipated working capital for the next twelve months.
	The Company’s secured working capital facility will expire in May 2016, which will need to be replaced with another similar
	facility. The Company believes it can successfully obtain a new loan to replace its existing bank loan, but there is no assurance
	that such facility will be available to us. If the Company cannot obtain such financing, the Company’s two officers/shareholders
	have made available to the Company a $600,000 line of credit which we will be able to draw upon if needed.




	 




	Historically,
	we have financed our operations primarily through private sales of common stock, a line of credit and loans from a third party
	financial institution and related parties. We anticipate that our primary capital source will be positive cash flow from operations.
	If our sales goals do not materialize as planned, we believe that the Company can reduce its operating costs and achieve positive
	cash flow from operations. However, we may not generate sufficient revenues from product sales in the future to achieve profitable
	operations. If we are not able to achieve profitable operations at some point in the future, we may have insufficient working
	capital to maintain our operations as we presently intend to conduct them or to fund our expansion, marketing, and product development
	plans. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain such financing on acceptable terms, or at all.




	 




	The
	Company has a revolving line of credit with a bank in which it can borrow up to $600,000. The line of credit expired April 1,
	2014, but has been extended until May 1, 2016. Borrowings under the line of credit bear interest at 4.75%. The outstanding balance
	on the line of credit was $600,000 at December 31, 2015 and 2014. The line of credit is secured by substantially all assets of
	the Company and a personal guarantee from one of the Company’s officers/shareholders, including his personal residence.




	 




	In
	September 2015, the Company entered into a Business Loan and Security Agreement, under which the Company can borrow up to $500,000.
	The loan matures in September 2016 and is secured by credit card collections and certain Company assets. The agreement requires
	the Company to repay the loan from the credit card deposits it receives from its customers. The repayment rate is 21% of each
	deposit. The loan does not accrue interest but includes a non-refundable fee of $40,000, which can be reduced if paid early. In
	September 2015, the Company borrowed $500,000 under the agreement. At December 31, 2015, $341,035 was owed on the loan.





	 








	 



	25



	 









	 










	 






	Comparison
	of years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014





	 




	As
	of December 31, 2015, we had $106,316 in cash, working capital of $1,590,461 and an accumulated deficit of $881,963.




	 




	As
	of December 31, 2014, we had $408,996 in cash, working capital of $1,428,185 and an accumulated deficit of $328,941.




	 





	Cash
	flows used in operating activities





	 




	During
	the year ended December 31, 2015, the Company used cash flows in operating activities of $1,249,157 compared to $1,260,889 used
	in the year ended December 31, 2014. The reasons for the decrease in cash used in operating activities in the amount of $11,732
	was due mainly to the increases in accounts payable and accrued expenses of $227,323 and due to related parties of $835,364, plus
	the reduction in inventories under warranty claims of $531,649, offset by the increase in inventories of $1,443,631 and the reduction
	of income taxes payable of $335,392.




	 





	Cash
	flows used in investing activities





	 




	During
	the year ended December 31, 2015, we had purchases of property and equipment of $144,011, while during the year ended December
	31, 2014, we had purchases of property and equipment of $76,753. Also during the year ended December 31, 2014, we advanced $250,000
	under a loan receivable agreement (see Note 3).




	 





	Cash
	flows provided by financing activities





	 




	During
	year ended December 31, 2015, we had net proceeds from the sale of common stock of $806,000. We also received proceeds from two
	loans payable in the amount of $500,000. We used cash from financing activities to make payments to amounts due to officer-shareholders
	of $29,530, for our loans payable of $172,415 and for our capital lease obligations of $13,889. During year ended December 31,
	2014, we had net proceeds from the sale of common stock of $1,873,025 and we had net proceeds from amounts due to officer-shareholders
	of $100,000. We used cash from financing activities to make payments for our capital lease obligations of $7,963 and for amounts
	due to officer-shareholders of $94,084.





	 






	New
	Accounting Standards





	 




	See
	Note 2 of the financial statements for a discussion of recent accounting pronouncements.




	 





	Off-Balance
	Sheet Arrangements





	 




	We
	do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial
	condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results or operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital
	resources that is material to investors.






	 









	ITEM
	7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK





	 




	We
	are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information under
	this item.





	 








	 



	26



	 










	 







	 











	ITEM
	8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTAL DATA





	 






	 





	Page








	PART
	I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION





	 






	 




	 







	Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm





	F-1





	 


	 






	Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2015 and 2014





	F-2





	 


	 






	Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2015 and 2014





	F-3





	 


	 






	Consolidated Statements of Shareholders’ Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2015 and 2014





	F-4





	 


	 






	Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2015 and 2014





	F-5





	 


	 






	Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements





	F-6
	to F-17







	 








	 



	27



	 









	 








	 











	REPORT
	OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM




	 



	 




	To
	the Board of Directors and Stockholders






	Solis
	Tek Inc.





	 




	We
	have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Solis Tek Inc. and Subsidiaries (the “Company”)
	as of December 31, 2015 and 2014, and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders’ equity and cash flows
	for the years then ended. The Company’s management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements. Our responsibility
	is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits.




	 




	We
	conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those
	standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements
	are free of material misstatement. The company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal
	control over financial reporting. Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for
	designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
	effectiveness of the company’s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit
	also includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing
	the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement
	presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.




	 




	In
	our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated
	financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2015 and 2014 and the consolidated results of their operations and cash flows
	for the years then ended in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.




	 





	Weinberg
	& Company, P.A.






	 







	Los
	Angeles, California




	April
	6, 2016





	 








	 


	F-

	1



	 










	 










	 








	Solis
	Tek Inc.






	(Formerly
	Cinjet, Inc.)








	Consolidated
	Balance Sheets





	 





	 


	 


	December 31,


	 




	 


	 


	2015


	 


	 


	2014


	 




	ASSETS


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	CURRENT ASSETS


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Cash


	 


	$


	106,316


	 


	 


	$


	408,996


	 




	Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts and returns of $233,951 and $144,098 at December 31, 2015 and
	2014


	 


	 


	560,974


	 


	 


	 


	490,362


	 




	Inventories


	 


	 


	3,819,859


	 


	 


	 


	1,751,361


	 




	Inventories under warranty claims - related party


	 


	 


	75,621


	 


	 


	 


	303,635


	 




	Advances to suppliers


	 


	 


	22,420


	 


	 


	 


	31,492


	 




	Prepaid expenses and other current assets


	 


	 


	10,241


	 


	 


	 


	17,153


	 




	Income taxes receivable


	 


	 


	75,390


	 


	 


	 


	99,816


	 




	TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS


	 


	 


	4,670,821


	 


	 


	 


	3,102,815


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Property and equipment, net


	 


	 


	267,701


	 


	 


	 


	130,715


	 




	Other assets


	 


	 


	32,071


	 


	 


	 


	30,422


	 




	TOTAL ASSETS


	 


	$


	4,970,593


	 


	 


	$


	3,263,952


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	CURRENT LIABILITIES


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Accounts payable and accrued expenses


	 


	$


	564,445


	 


	 


	$


	228,399


	 




	Due to related parties


	 


	 


	1,231,754


	 


	 


	 


	198,195


	 




	Customer deposits


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	11,970


	 




	Amounts due to officers-shareholders


	 


	 


	322,265


	 


	 


	 


	336,011


	 




	Income taxes payable


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	285,184


	 




	Capital lease obligations, current portion


	 


	 


	12,807


	 


	 


	 


	14,871


	 




	Loans payable, current portion


	 


	 


	349,089


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Line of credit


	 


	 


	600,000


	 


	 


	 


	600,000


	 




	TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES


	 


	 


	3,080,360


	 


	 


	 


	1,674,630


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Capital lease obligations, long-term


	 


	 


	23,413


	 


	 


	 


	35,238


	 




	Loans payable, long-term


	 


	 


	34,219


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	TOTAL LIABILITIES


	 


	 


	3,137,992


	 


	 


	 


	1,709,868


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Preferred stock, no par value, 20,000,000 shares authorized; no shares issued and
	outstanding


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Common stock, $0.0001 par value, 100,000,000 shares authorized; 29,576,998 and 24,574,968
	shares issued and outstanding, respectively


	 


	 


	2,958


	 


	 


	 


	2,457


	 




	Additional paid-in capital


	 


	 


	2,711,606


	 


	 


	 


	1,880,568


	 




	Accumulated deficit


	 


	 


	(881,963


	)


	 


	 


	(328,941


	)




	TOTAL SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY


	 


	 


	1,832,601


	 


	 


	 


	1,554,084


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY


	 


	$


	4,970,593


	 


	 


	$


	3,263,952


	 






	 




	The
	accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.





	 








	 


	F-

	2



	 









	 








	  








	Solis
	Tek Inc.






	(Formerly
	Cinjet, Inc.)








	Consolidated
	Statements of Operations






	 






	 


	 


	Year Ended


	 




	 


	 


	December 31,


	 




	 


	 


	2015


	 


	 


	2014


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Sales


	 


	$


	7,713,456


	 


	 


	$


	6,155,379


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Cost of goods sold


	 


	 


	4,994,420


	 


	 


	 


	4,638,749


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Gross profit


	 


	 


	2,719,036


	 


	 


	 


	1,516,630


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Operating expenses


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Research and development


	 


	 


	256,448


	 


	 


	 


	120,537


	 




	Selling, general and administrative expenses


	 


	 


	2,825,269


	 


	 


	 


	1,808,291


	 




	Total operating expenses


	 


	 


	3,081,717


	 


	 


	 


	1,928,828


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Loss from operations


	 


	 


	(362,681


	)


	 


	 


	(412,198


	)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Other income (expenses)


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Interest expense


	 


	 


	(60,463


	)


	 


	 


	(48,101


	)




	Interest income


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	59


	 




	Impairment of loan receivable


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	(250,000


	)




	Merger costs


	 


	 


	(248,980


	)


	 


	 


	-


	 




	 


	 


	 


	(309,443


	)


	 


	 


	(298,042


	)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Loss before income taxes


	 


	 


	(672,124


	)


	 


	 


	(710,240


	)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Benefit for income taxes


	 


	 


	(119,102


	)


	 


	 


	(49,608


	)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	NET LOSS


	 


	$


	(553,022


	)


	 


	$


	(660,632


	)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	BASIC AND DILUTED LOSS PER SHARE


	 


	$


	(0.02


	)


	 


	$


	(0.03


	)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	WEIGHTED-AVERAGE COMMON SHARES OUTSTANDING


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 BASIC AND DILUTED


	 


	 


	27,764,038


	 


	 


	 


	21,315,101


	 







	 





	The
	accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.





	 








	 


	F-

	3



	 









	 










	 








	Solis
	Tek Inc.






	(Formerly
	Cinjet, Inc.)








	Consolidated
	Statements of Shareholders’ Equity






	 






	 


	 


	Common Stock


	 


	 


	Additional

	Paid-in


	 


	 


	Accumulated


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	Shares


	 


	 


	Amount


	 


	 


	Capital


	 


	 


	Deficit


	 


	 


	Total


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Balance, December 31, 2013


	 


	 


	20,000,000


	 


	 


	$


	2,000


	 


	 


	$


	8,000


	 


	 


	$


	331,691


	 


	 


	$


	341,691


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Net proceeds from the sale of common stock


	 


	 


	4,574,968


	 


	 


	 


	457


	 


	 


	 


	1,872,568


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	1,873,025


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Net loss for the year ended December 31, 2014


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	(660,632


	)


	 


	 


	(660,632


	)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Balance, December 31, 2014


	 


	 


	24,574,968


	 


	 


	 


	2,457


	 


	 


	 


	1,880,568


	 


	 


	 


	(328,941


	)


	 


	 


	1,554,084


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Net proceeds from the sale of common stock


	 


	 


	1,612,032


	 


	 


	 


	161


	 


	 


	 


	805,839


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	806,000


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Issuance of common stock upon reverse merger


	 


	 


	3,364,998


	 


	 


	 


	337


	 


	 


	 


	(15


	)


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	322


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Fair value of common stock issued for services


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	15,217


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	15,217


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Issuance of common stock for repayment of


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 accounts payable


	 


	 


	25,000


	 


	 


	 


	3


	 


	 


	 


	9,997


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	10,000


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Net loss for the year ended December 31, 2015


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	(553,022


	)


	 


	 


	(553,022


	)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Balance, December 31, 2015


	 


	 


	29,576,998


	 


	 


	$


	2,958


	 


	 


	$


	2,711,606


	 


	 


	$


	(881,963


	)


	 


	$


	1,832,601


	 







	 





	The
	accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.





	  








	 


	F-

	4



	 









	 










	 








	Solis
	Tek Inc.






	(Formerly
	Cinjet, Inc.)








	Consolidated
	Statements of Cash Flows






	 






	 


	 


	Year Ended


	 




	 


	 


	December 31,


	 




	 


	 


	2015


	 


	 


	2014


	 




	Cash Flows from Operating Activities


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Net loss


	 


	$


	(553,022


	)


	 


	$


	(660,632


	)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 Provision for bad debts


	 


	 


	89,854


	 


	 


	 


	13,688


	 




	 Depreciation and amortization


	 


	 


	51,118


	 


	 


	 


	14,544


	 




	 Impairment of loan receivable


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	250,000


	 




	 Amortization of loan fees


	 


	 


	11,630


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	 Interest expense on notes payable to officers


	 


	 


	15,784


	 


	 


	 


	17,747


	 




	 Fair value of common stock issued for services


	 


	 


	15,217


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	 Fair value of common stock issued for repayment of accounts payable


	 


	 


	10,000


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Changes in Assets and Liabilities


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	(Increase) Decrease in:


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 Accounts receivable


	 


	 


	(160,466


	)


	 


	 


	(298,164


	)




	 Inventories


	 


	 


	(2,068,498


	)


	 


	 


	(624,867


	)




	 Inventories under warranty claims


	 


	 


	228,014


	 


	 


	 


	(303,635


	)




	 Advances to suppliers


	 


	 


	9,072


	 


	 


	 


	257,575


	 




	 Prepaid expenses and other current assets


	 


	 


	6,912


	 


	 


	 


	(11,435


	)




	 Income taxes receivable


	 


	 


	24,426


	 


	 


	 


	(99,816


	)




	 Other assets


	 


	 


	(1,649


	)


	 


	 


	(17,638


	)




	(Decrease) Increase in:


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 Accounts payable and accrued expenses


	 


	 


	336,046


	 


	 


	 


	108,723


	 




	 Due to related parties


	 


	 


	1,033,559


	 


	 


	 


	198,195


	 




	 Customer deposits


	 


	 


	(11,970


	)


	 


	 


	(155,382


	)




	 Income taxes payable


	 


	 


	(285,184


	)


	 


	 


	50,208


	 




	Net cash used in operating activities


	 


	 


	(1,249,157


	)


	 


	 


	(1,260,889


	)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Cash Flows from Investing Activities


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Advance under loan receivable


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	(250,000


	)




	Cash acquired under reverse merger


	 


	 


	322


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Purchases of property and equipment


	 


	 


	(144,011


	)


	 


	 


	(76,753


	)




	Net cash used in investing activities


	 


	 


	(143,689


	)


	 


	 


	(326,753


	)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Cash Flows from Financing Activities


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Net proceeds from sale of common stock


	 


	 


	806,000


	 


	 


	 


	1,873,025


	 




	Payments on capital lease obligations


	 


	 


	(13,889


	)


	 


	 


	(7,963


	)




	Proceeds from loans payable


	 


	 


	500,000


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Payments on loans payable


	 


	 


	(172,415


	)


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Proceeds from amounts due to officers


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	100,000


	 




	Payments on amounts due to officers


	 


	 


	(29,530


	)


	 


	 


	(94,084


	)




	Net cash provided by financing activities


	 


	 


	1,090,166


	 


	 


	 


	1,870,978


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Net increase (decrease) in cash


	 


	 


	(302,680


	)


	 


	 


	283,336


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Cash beginning of year


	 


	 


	408,996


	 


	 


	 


	125,660


	 




	Cash end of year


	 


	$


	106,316


	 


	 


	$


	408,996


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Interest paid


	 


	$


	33,049


	 


	 


	$


	66,177


	 




	Taxes paid


	 


	$


	200,748


	 


	 


	$


	-


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Non-cash transactions


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Purchase of property through loan payable


	 


	$


	44,093


	 


	 


	$


	-


	 




	Purchase of property through capital lease obligations


	 


	$


	-


	 


	 


	$


	51,747


	 







	 





	The
	accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.





	 








	 


	F-

	5



	 









	 










	 






	SOLIS
	TEK INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES









	NOTES
	TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




	FOR
	THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2015 AND 2014









	  






	NOTE
	1 – BASIS OF PRESENTATION





	 





	History
	and Organization






	 





	Solis
	Tek Inc. (the “Company”) was originally incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada on March 2, 2007 as Cinjet,
	Inc. (“Cinjet”). Effective September 1, 2015, Cinjet changed its corporate name to Solis Tek Inc. On June 23, 2015,
	the Company entered into an Agreement of Merger and Plan of Reorganization (the “Agreement”) with Solis Tek Inc.,
	a California corporation (“STI”), and CJA Acquisition Corp., a California corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary
	of the Company (“Merger Sub”), providing for the merger of Merger Sub with and into STI (the “Merger”),
	with STI surviving the Merger as a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. The Merger Agreement was approved by the Company’s
	Board of Directors and the sole Director of the Company, effective June 23, 2015. The Merger closed on June 23, 2015.




	 




	At
	the effective time of the Merger, each share of STI common stock issued and outstanding was converted automatically into the right
	to receive .166 shares of the common stock of the Company, with an aggregate of 26,187,000 shares of the Company’s common
	stock issued to the former shareholders of STI.




	 




	Upon
	the closing of the Merger, STI paid a total of $22,500 to four shareholders of the Company for the cancellation of a total of
	61,297,002 shares of the Company’s common stock. Also at the closing of the Merger, STI paid $198,100 to the Company to
	settle and pay liabilities of $405,932, which represented all of the then current liabilities of the Company. After the closing,
	a total of 29,551,998 shares of the Company were outstanding.




	 




	Upon
	completion of the Merger, the former stockholders of STI owned approximately 89% of the outstanding shares of the Company’s
	common stock and the holders of the outstanding shares of the Company’s common stock prior to the Merger owned the balance.
	As the former owners and management of STI have voting and operating control of the Company after the Merger, the transaction
	has been accounted for as a recapitalization with the STI deemed the acquiring companies for accounting purposes, and the Company
	deemed the legal acquirer. Due to the change in control, the consolidated financial statements reflect the historical results
	of STI prior to the Merger, and that of the combined company following the Merger. Common stock and the corresponding capital
	amounts of the Company pre-Merger have been retroactively restated as capital stock shares reflecting the exchange ratio in the
	Merger. No step-up in basis or intangible assets or goodwill will be recorded in this transaction and the cash paid by the Company
	of $248,980 (including $28,380 of transaction costs) has been reflected as a cost of the transaction.




	 




	In
	2014, the Company established two wholly-owned subsidiaries, Solis Tek East Corporation, an entity incorporated under the laws
	of the State of New Jersey, and GrowPro Solutions, Inc., an entity incorporated under the laws of the State of California.




	 





	Overview
	of Business





	 




	The
	Company is an importer, distributer and marketer of digital lighting equipment for the hydroponics industry. Using certain of
	its proprietary technologies, the Company provides innovative aptitudes with its ballast, reflector and lamp products. The Company’s
	customers include retail stores, distributors and commercial growers in the United States and abroad.




	 





	Cash
	and Liquidity





	 




	The
	accompanying financial statements have been prepared under the assumption that the Company will continue as a going concern. Such
	assumption contemplates the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. For the year
	ended December 31, 2015, the Company recorded a net loss of $553,022 and utilized cash in operations of $1,249,157. During 2015,
	the company experienced losses in connection with professional and other fees incurred in connection with its reverse merger.
	In addition, the Company increased its inventory levels to acquire new products and to meet anticipated sales demand. These factors
	combined to significantly utilize existing cash on hand and maximize utilization of our credit facilities.




	 







	 


	F-

	6



	 









	 











	 





	SOLIS
	TEK INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES





	NOTES
	TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




	FOR
	THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2015 AND 2014





	 






	NOTE
	1 – BASIS OF PRESENTATION (CONTINUED)





	 





	Cash
	and Liquidity (continued)






	 





	We
	estimate the Company currently has sufficient cash and liquidity to meet its anticipated working capital for the next twelve months.
	The Company’s secured working capital facility will expire in May 2016, which will need to be replaced with another similar
	facility. The Company believes it can successfully obtain a new loan to replace its existing bank loan, but there is no assurance
	that such facility will be available to us. If the Company cannot obtain such financing, the Company’s two officers/shareholders
	have made available to the Company a $600,000 line of credit, which we will be able to draw upon if needed (see Note 11 - subsequent
	events).




	 




	Historically,
	we have financed our operations primarily through private sales of common stock, a line of credit and loans from a third party
	financial institution and related parties. We anticipate that our primary capital source will be positive cash flow from operations.
	If our sales goals do not materialize as planned, we believe that the Company can reduce its operating costs and achieve positive
	cash flow from operations. However, we may not generate sufficient revenues from product sales in the future to achieve profitable
	operations. If we are not able to achieve profitable operations at some point in the future, we may have insufficient working
	capital to maintain our operations as we presently intend to conduct them or to fund our expansion, marketing, and product development
	plans. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain such financing on acceptable terms, or at all.




	 





	NOTE
	2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES






	 






	Basis
	of Consolidation






	 





	The
	consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly owned subsidiaries. Intercompany transactions
	and balances have been eliminated in consolidation.





	 






	Stock
	Split





	 




	On
	July 7, 2015, the Company’s shareholders authorized its Board of Directors to effectuate a stock split of the Company’s
	issued and outstanding shares of common stock at a ratio of 6-for-1 (the “Stock Split”), which was ultimately declared
	effective by the Board of Directors as of the close of business on September 1, 2015. As a result of the Stock Split, every one
	issued and outstanding share of the Company’s common stock was changed and converted into six shares of common stock. All
	share related information presented in these financial statements and accompanying footnotes has been retroactively adjusted to
	reflect the reduced number of shares resulting from this action.




	 





	Loss
	per Share Calculations





	 




	Basic
	earnings per share are computed by dividing income available to common shareholders by the weighted-average number of common shares
	available. Diluted earnings per share is computed similar to basic earnings per share except that the denominator is increased
	to include the number of additional common shares that would have been outstanding if the potential common shares had been issued
	and if the additional common shares were dilutive. Weighted average number of shares outstanding has been retroactively restated
	for the equivalent number of shares received by the accounting acquirer as a result of the reverse merger as if these shares had
	been outstanding as of the beginning of the earliest period presented.




	 




	The
	Company’s diluted loss per share is the same as the basic loss per share for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014,
	as the inclusion of any potential shares would have had an anti-dilutive effect due to the Company generating a loss.




	 







	 


	F-

	7



	 









	 










	 






	SOLIS
	TEK INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES





	NOTES
	TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




	FOR
	THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2015 AND 2014





	 






	NOTE
	2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)






	 






	Revenue
	Recognition





	 




	The
	Company recognizes revenue upon shipment of the Company’s products to its customers, provided that evidence of an arrangement
	exists, title and risk of loss have passed to the customer, fees are fixed or determinable, and collection of the related receivable
	is reasonably assured. Title to the Company’s products primarily is transferred to the customer once the product is shipped
	from the Company’s warehouses. In certain cases, the products are shipped directly from the Company’s vendors directly
	to the Company’s customer, in which case title is transferred once the product is received by the customer. Products are
	not shipped until there is a written agreement with the customer with a specified payment arrangement. Any discounts that are
	offered are done as a reduction of the invoiced amount at the time of billing.




	 




	Payments
	received before all of the relevant criteria for revenue recognition are satisfied are recorded as customer deposits. Customer
	deposits were $11,970 at December 31, 2014. There were no customer deposits at December 31, 2015.




	 




	The
	Company does not offer a general right of return on any of its sales and considers all sales as final. The Company generally provides
	a three-year warranty on its ballasts. The Company does not maintain a warranty reserve as the Company is able to chargeback its
	vendors for all warranty claims. As of December 31, 2015 and December 31, 2014, the Company recorded a reserve for returned product
	in the amount of $130,410, which reduced the accounts receivable balances as of those periods.




	 





	Advertising
	Costs





	 




	The
	Company expenses advertising costs as incurred. Advertising costs were $820 and $34,524 for the years ended December 31, 2015
	and 2014, respectively.




	 





	Use
	of Estimates





	 




	The
	preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S requires
	management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent
	assets and liabilities at the financial statement date, and reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period.
	Significant estimates are used in valuing our allowances for doubtful accounts and inventory valuations, among others. Actual
	results could differ from these estimates.




	 





	Accounts
	Receivable





	 




	The
	Company evaluates the collectability of its trade accounts receivable based on a number of factors. In circumstances where the
	Company becomes aware of a specific customer’s inability to meet its financial obligations to the Company, a specific reserve
	for bad debts is estimated and recorded, which reduces the recognized receivable to the estimated amount the Company believes
	will ultimately be collected. In addition to specific customer identification of potential bad debts, bad debt charges are recorded
	based on the Company’s historical losses and an overall assessment of past due trade accounts receivable outstanding.




	 




	The
	allowance for doubtful accounts and returns is established through a provision reducing the carrying value of receivables. At
	December 31, 2015, and December 31, 2014, the allowance for doubtful accounts and returns was $233,951 and $144,098, respectively.




	 







	 


	F-

	8



	 









	 










	 






	SOLIS
	TEK INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES





	NOTES
	TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




	FOR
	THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2015 AND 2014





	 






	NOTE
	2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)






	 






	Inventories





	 




	Inventories
	are stated at the lower of cost or market. Cost is computed on a first-in, first-out basis. The Company’s inventories consist
	almost entirely of finished goods as of December 31, 2015 and 2014.




	 




	The
	Company provides inventory reserves based on excess and obsolete inventories determined primarily by future demand forecasts.
	The write down amount is measured as the difference between the cost of the inventory and market based upon assumptions about
	future demand and charged to the provision for inventory, which is a component of cost of sales. At the point of the loss recognition,
	a new, lower cost basis for that inventory is established, and subsequent changes in facts and circumstances do not result in
	the restoration or increase in that newly established cost basis. The Company recorded a write down of inventories of $155,014
	and $37,675 during the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014.




	 





	Inventories
	under warranty claims





	 




	In
	the ordinary course of business, the Company receives product returns from its customers. The product returns are almost entirely
	ballasts. Since its inception, the Company has purchased its ballasts from two Chinese manufacturers and one of them (a related
	entity, see Note 5) offers a three year warranty on its products. Through December 31, 2015, that manufacturer was not able to
	repair the Company’s ballasts, as the Company could not return the products to the manufacturer’s facility due to
	Chinese customs reasons. As such, in late 2015, the related party vendor issued the Company a credit memo for the entire amount
	of their returned product, totaling $653,118. The Company is planning to send the products to a free trade zone in Hong Kong or
	to another location in China, to repair, or replace, the defective products. As the manufacturer has issued the Company a credit
	for all of the defective product, the Company has not recorded a reserve on any of those products. But, the Company has recorded
	a reserve on the other manufacturer’s products. During the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, the Company recorded
	a charge of $60,719 and $149,948 relating to the write down of these inventories to net realizable value.




	 





	Property
	and Equipment





	 




	Property
	and equipment are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line
	method over the estimated useful lives of the assets. The Company has determined the estimated useful lives of its property and
	equipment, as follows:




	 







	Machinery and equipment


	 


	 



	5 years



	 




	Computer equipment


	 


	 



	 3 years



	 




	Furniture and fixtures


	 


	 



	 7 years



	 






	 




	Maintenance
	and repairs are charged to expense as incurred. The cost and accumulated depreciation of assets sold or otherwise disposed of
	are removed from the related accounts and the resulting gain or loss is reflected in the statements of operations.





	 






	Research
	and Development





	 




	Research
	and development costs are expensed in the period incurred. The costs primarily consist of third party contractor fees.





	 






	Shipping
	and handling costs





	 




	The
	Company’s shipping and handling costs relating to inbound freight are reported as cost of goods sold in the consolidated
	Statements of Operations, while shipping and handling costs relating to outbound freight are reported as selling, general and
	administrative expenses in the consolidated Statements of Operations. The Company classifies amounts billed to customers for shipping
	fees as revenues.





	 








	 


	F-

	9



	 









	 










	 






	SOLIS
	TEK INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES





	NOTES
	TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




	FOR
	THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2015 AND 2014





	 






	NOTE
	2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)






	 






	Income
	Taxes





	 




	Income
	tax expense is based on pretax financial accounting income. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the expected
	tax consequences of temporary differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their reported amounts. Valuation
	allowances are recorded to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount that will more likely than not be realized. The Company has
	recorded a valuation allowance against its deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2015 and 2014.




	 




	The
	Company accounts for uncertainty in income taxes using a two-step approach to recognizing and measuring uncertain tax positions.
	The first step is to evaluate the tax position for recognition by determining if the weight of available evidence indicates that
	it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained on audit, including resolution of related appeals or litigation
	processes, if any. The second step is to measure the tax benefit as the largest amount that is more than 50 percent likely of
	being realized upon settlement. The Company classifies the liability for unrecognized tax benefits as current to the extent that
	the Company anticipates payment (or receipt) of cash within one year. Interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions
	are recognized in the provision for income taxes.




	 





	Concentration
	Risks





	 




	The
	Company operates in markets that are highly competitive and rapidly changing. Significant technological changes, shifting customer
	needs, the emergence of competitive products or services with new capabilities, and other factors could negatively impact the
	Company’s operating results. State and federal government laws could have a material adverse impact on the Company’s
	future revenues and results of operations.




	 




	The
	Company’s products require specific components that currently are available from a limited number of sources. The Company
	purchases its key products and components from single vendors. During the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, its ballasts,
	lamps and reflectors, which comprised the vast majority of the Company’s purchases during those periods, were each only
	purchased from one separate vendor. The ballast vendor is a related party (see Note 5).




	 




	The
	Company performs a regular review of customer activity and associated credit risks and does not require collateral or other arrangements.
	There were no customers that accounted for more than 10% of the Company’s revenue for the years ended December 31, 2015
	and 2014. Shipments to customers outside the United States comprised 3% and 12% for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014.




	 




	As
	of December 31, 2015, two customers accounted for 15% and 20% of the Company’s trade accounts receivable balance, and as
	of December 31, 2014, three customers accounted for 14%, 16% and 18% of the Company’s trade accounts receivable balance.
	Customers outside the United States represented 8% and 15% of the Company’s trade accounts receivable balance as of December
	31, 2015 and 2014, respectively.




	 







	 


	F-

	10



	 









	 










	 






	SOLIS
	TEK INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES





	NOTES
	TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




	FOR
	THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2015 AND 2014





	 






	NOTE
	2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)






	 






	Fair
	Value measurements





	 




	The
	Company determines the fair value of its assets and liabilities based on the exchange price in U.S. dollars that would be received
	for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability
	in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. Valuation techniques used to measure fair value
	maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. The Company uses a fair value hierarchy with
	three levels of inputs, of which the first two are considered observable and the last unobservable, to measure fair value:




	 






	 




	●




	Level
	1 — Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.






	 




	 




	 






	 



	●



	Level
	2 — Inputs, other than Level 1, that are observable, either directly or indirectly, such as quoted prices for similar
	assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated
	by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities.






	 




	 




	 






	 




	●




	Level
	3 — Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value
	of the assets or liabilities.






	 




	The
	carrying amounts of financial instruments such as cash, accounts receivable, inventories, and accounts payable and accrued liabilities,
	approximate the related fair values due to the short-term maturities of these instruments.




	 





	Recently
	Issued Accounting Pronouncements





	 




	In
	May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts
	with Customers. ASU 2014-09 is a comprehensive revenue recognition standard that will supersede nearly all existing revenue recognition
	guidance under current U.S. GAAP and replace it with a principle based approach for determining revenue recognition. ASU 2014-09
	will require that companies recognize revenue based on the value of transferred goods or services as they occur in the contract.
	The ASU also will require additional disclosure about the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising
	from customer contracts, including significant judgments and changes in judgments and assets recognized from costs incurred to
	obtain or fulfill a contract. ASU 2014-09 is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017. Early
	adoption is permitted only in annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods therein. Entities
	will be able to transition to the standard either retrospectively or as a cumulative-effect adjustment as of the date of adoption.
	The Company is in the process of evaluating the impact of ASU 2014-09 on the Company’s financial statements and disclosures.




	 




	In
	June 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-12, Compensation – Stock Compensation. The pronouncement
	was issued to clarify the accounting for share-based payments when the terms of an award provide that a performance target could
	be achieved after the requisite service period. The pronouncement is effective for reporting periods beginning after December
	15, 2015. The adoption of ASU 2014-12 will not have a significant impact on the Company’s consolidated financial position
	or results of operations.




	 




	In
	August 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-15, Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity’s Ability
	to Continue as a Going Concern, which provides guidance on determining when and how to disclose going-concern uncertainties in
	the financial statements. ASU 2014-15 requires management to perform interim and annual assessments of an entity’s ability
	to continue as a going concern within one year of the date the financial statements are issued. An entity must provide certain
	disclosures if conditions or events raise substantial doubt about the entity’s ability to continue as a going concern. ASU
	2014-15 is effective for annual periods ending after December 15, 2016, and interim periods thereafter. Early adoption is permitted.
	The Company is currently evaluating the impact the adoption of ASU 2014-15 on the Company’s financial statements and disclosures.




	 







	 


	F-

	11



	 









	 








	  






	SOLIS
	TEK INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES





	NOTES
	TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




	FOR
	THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2015 AND 2014





	 






	NOTE
	2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)





	 




	In
	July 2015, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2015-11, Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory, which requires that
	inventory within the scope of ASU 2015-11 be measured at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Inventory measured using
	last-in, first-out (LIFO) and the retail inventory method are not impacted by the new guidance. ASU 2015-11 applies to all other
	inventory, which includes inventory that is measured using first-in, first-out (FIFO) or average cost. An entity should measure
	inventory within the scope of ASU 2015-11 at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Net realizable value is the estimated
	selling prices in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal, and transportation.
	ASU 2015-11 is effective for public business entities in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within
	those years. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact the adoption of ASU 2015-11 on the Company’s
	financial statements and disclosures.




	 




	In
	February 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2016-02, Leases. ASU 2016-02 requires a lessee to record
	a right of use asset and a corresponding lease liability on the balance sheet for all leases with terms longer than 12 months.
	ASU 2016-02 is effective for all interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018. Early adoption is permitted.
	A modified retrospective transition approach is required for lessees for capital and operating leases existing at, or entered
	into after, the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements, with certain practical expedients
	available. The Company is in the process of evaluating the impact of ASU 2016-02 on the Company’s financial statements and
	disclosures.




	 




	Other
	recent accounting pronouncements issued by the FASB, including its Emerging Issues Task Force, the American Institute of Certified
	Public Accountants, and the Securities and Exchange Commission did not or are not believed by management to have a material impact
	on the Company’s present or future consolidated financial statements.




	 





	NOTE
	3 – IMPAIRMENT OF LOAN RECEIVABLE





	 




	In
	October 2014, the Company entered into a Loan and Convertible Promissory Note agreement with a company that manufactures fertilizer
	(the “Borrower”). In 2014, under the agreement, the Company loaned the Borrower an aggregate total of $250,000. The
	loan accrues interest at 12% per annum with interest payments due quarterly and is unsecured. The principal amount and all unpaid
	interest is due on the earlier of October 2015 or the consummation of other events, which could require the principal balance
	to be paid earlier than October 2015. As part of the agreement, the Company also received an 8.3% ownership position in the Borrower.




	 




	As
	of December 31, 2015 and 2014, the Borrower was unable to complete its required quarterly interest payments and notified the Company
	that it did not anticipate being able to make its required quarterly payments until after December 2015. As such, the Company
	recorded an impairment of the entire loan balance and all unpaid interest as of December 31, 2014. The Company has not ascribed
	any value to its ownership percentage in the Borrower.




	 







	 


	F-

	12



	 









	 










	 






	SOLIS
	TEK INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES





	NOTES
	TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




	FOR
	THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2015 AND 2014





	 








	NOTE
	4 - PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT





	 




	Property
	and equipment consists of the following at December 31, 2015 and 2014:




	 





	 


	 


	December 31, 2015


	 


	 


	December 31, 2014


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Machinery and equipment


	 


	$


	231,506


	 


	 


	$


	101,632


	 




	Computer equipment


	 


	 


	12,448


	 


	 


	 


	6,550


	 




	Furniture and fixtures


	 


	 


	89,266


	 


	 


	 


	43,934


	 




	Leasehold improvements


	 


	 


	7,000


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	 


	 


	 


	340,220


	 


	 


	 


	152,116


	 




	Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization


	 


	 


	(72,519


	)


	 


	 


	(21,401


	)




	Property and equipment, net


	 


	$


	267,701


	 


	 


	$


	130,715


	 






	 




	Depreciation
	and amortization expense for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014 was $51,118 and $14,544, respectively.




	 




	Property
	and equipment include assets acquired under capital leases of $64,632 at December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. Related depreciation
	included in accumulated depreciation was $23,814 and $10,687 at December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively.




	 





	NOTE
	5 - RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS





	 






	Supplier






	 




	A
	family member of an officer/shareholder owns a minority interest in a company in China, which is the sole supplier of ballasts
	to the Company. Purchases from the related party for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014 totaled approximately $6,265,000
	and $4,079,000, respectively. The Company believes purchase prices from the related party approximate what the Company would have
	to pay from an independent third party vendor. At December 31, 2015 and 2014, the Company owed the related party $1,171,754 and
	$198,195, respectively.




	 






	Amounts
	Due to Officers/Shareholders






	 




	On
	July 1, 2012, the Company entered into notes payable agreements with two of its officers/shareholders. The maximum borrowings
	allowed under each individual note are $200,000. Through December 31, 2013, each note bore interest at 20% per annum. Beginning
	on January 1, 2014, the interest rate on the notes was reduced to 8% per annum. The notes are due 30 days after demand. Amounts
	owed on the combined note balances were $195,000 and $210,000 at December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. Interest paid to the
	officers/shareholders relating to the notes for the year ended December 31, 2014 was $36,000. There was no interest paid to the
	officers/shareholders relating to the notes for the year ended December 31, 2015. Interest expense on the notes for the years
	ended December 31, 2015 and 2014 was $15,784 and $17,747, respectively.




	 




	As
	of December 31, 2015 and 2014, the Company also owed the same two officers/shareholders as noted above an additional $127,265
	and $126,011, respectively. Included in the balances were short-term loans from the two officers/shareholders to the Company totaling
	$3,297 and $12,826 as of December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. The balances are payable on demand, bear zero interest and
	are unsecured. The balances also included interest owed on the notes payable described above, which totaled to $28,969 and $13,185
	at December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. Also included is $94,999 and $100,000 of unpaid compensation, which was owed to the
	officers/shareholders at December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively.




	 






	Loan
	Payable






	 




	In
	November 2015, the Company borrowed $60,000 from the parents of one of the Company’s officer/shareholders. The loan accrues
	interest at 10% per annum, is unsecured and is due on or before December 31, 2016. A total of $60,000 was owed on the loan as
	of December 31, 2015.




	 







	 


	F-

	13



	 









	 







	 





	SOLIS
	TEK INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES





	NOTES
	TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




	FOR
	THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2015 AND 2014




	 





	NOTE
	6 - LINE OF CREDIT





	 




	The
	Company has a revolving line of credit with a bank in which it can borrow up to $600,000. The line of credit expired April 1,
	2014, but has been extended until May 1, 2016. Borrowings under the line of credit bear interest at 4.75%. The outstanding balance
	on the line of credit was $600,000 at December 31, 2015 and 2014. The line of credit is secured by substantially all assets of
	the Company and a personal guarantee from one of the Company’s officers/shareholders, including his personal residence.




	 







	NOTE
	7 – LOANS PAYABLE





	 




	Loans
	payable consist of the following as of December 31, 2015:




	 





	 


	 


	December 31, 2015


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 




	Business loan (a)


	 


	$


	341,035


	 




	Automobile loans (b)


	 


	 


	42,273


	 






	 


	 


	383,308


	 




	Less: current portion


	 


	 


	(349,089


	)




	Non-current portion


	 


	$


	34,219


	 






	  






	 




	a.




	In
	September 2015, the Company entered into a Business Loan and Security Agreement, under which the Company can borrow up to
	$500,000. The loan matures in September 2016 and is secured by credit card collections and certain Company assets. The agreement
	requires the Company to repay the loan from the credit card deposits it receives from its customers. The repayment rate is
	21% of each deposit. The loan does not accrue interest but includes a non-refundable fee of $40,000, which can be reduced
	if paid early. In September 2015, the Company borrowed $500,000 under the agreement. At December 31, 2015, $341,035 was owed
	on the loan. Loan fee amortization, recorded as interest expense, was $11,630 for the year ended December 31, 2015.






	 




	 




	 






	 




	b.




	In
	2015, the Company entered into two loan agreements to purchase automobiles. The combined principal amount of the loans was
	$44,093 and they mature by November 2021. The loans require a combined monthly payment of principal and interest of $747.
	A total of $42,273 was owed on the loans as of December 31, 2015.






	 




	Principal
	payments due on long-term debt as of December 31, 2015 for each of the next five years are as follows:




	 







	Years ending December 31,


	 


	Amount


	 




	2016


	 


	$


	8,053


	 




	2017


	 


	 


	8,262


	 




	2018


	 


	 


	8,476


	 




	2019


	 


	 


	7,542


	 




	Thereafter


	 


	 


	9,940


	 




	TOTAL


	 


	$


	42,273


	 







	 








	 


	F-

	14



	 









	 








	 






	SOLIS
	TEK INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES





	NOTES
	TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




	FOR
	THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2015 AND 2014




	 

	 






	NOTE
	8 – SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY





	 




	As
	of December 31, 2013, there were 20,000,000 shares of common stock issued and outstanding and no preferred stock issued and outstanding.
	During the year ended December 31, 2014, the Company sold 4,574,968 shares of its common stock. The proceeds from the sale were
	$1,873,025. During the year ended December 31, 2015, prior to the reverse merger, the Company sold 1,612,032 shares of its common
	stock. The proceeds from the sale were $806,000. As part of the merger with STI (see Note 1), the Company issued 3,364,998 shares
	of its common stock. Also, during the year ended December 31, 2015, the Company issued 25,000 shares of its common stock for repayment
	of an accounts payable invoice totaling $10,000.




	 




	In
	November 2015, the Company entered into a four year employment agreement with one of its employees in which the employee was granted
	500,000 shares of the Company’s common stock. The fair value of the shares on the date of grant was $400,000, which is being
	amortized ratably over the four year service period. The amount amortized as stock based compensation in 2015 was $15,217. The
	shares vest equally in six month periods over the four years, with the first tranche of 62,500 shares vesting in May 2016.




	 




	At
	December 31, 2015, there were 29,576,998 shares of common stock issued and outstanding.




	 





	NOTE
	9 - COMMITMENTS





	 






	Operating
	Leases






	 




	The
	Company leases office and warehouse facilities under two non-cancellable lease agreements, one in Southern California and one
	in New Jersey. The Southern California lease was initiated in September 2013 and expires August 31, 2017. The New Jersey lease
	was initiated in October 2014 and expires September 30, 2019.




	 




	Minimum
	annual rental commitments under non-cancelable leases at December 31, 2015 are as follows:




	 







	Years ending December 31,


	 


	Amount


	 




	2016


	 


	$


	183,218


	 




	2017


	 


	 


	148,020


	 




	2018


	 


	 


	75,540


	 




	2019


	 


	 


	57,912


	 




	TOTAL


	 


	$


	464,690


	 






	 




	Rent
	expense was $217,304 and $136,049 for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively.




	 








	Capital
	Leases






	 




	The
	Company leases equipment under capital lease agreements. Future minimum lease payments at December 31, 2015 are as follows:




	 





	Years ending December 31,


	 


	Amount


	 




	2016


	 


	$


	14,950


	 




	2017


	 


	 


	14,950


	 




	2018


	 


	 


	9,668


	 




	Total minimum lease payments


	 


	 


	39,568


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Less: amount represented by interest


	 


	 


	(3,348


	)




	Less: current portion


	 


	 


	(12,807


	)




	Capital lease obligations, net of current portion


	 


	$


	23,413


	 







	 


	 










	 


	F-

	15



	 









	 









	  







	SOLIS
	TEK INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES





	NOTES
	TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




	FOR
	THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2015 AND 2014




	 





	NOTE
	9 – COMMITMENTS (CONTINUED)







	 








	Technology
	License Agreement






	 




	In
	March 2013, the Company entered into a Technology License Agreement with a third party vendor for consulting services. Under the
	agreement, the Company agreed to pay the vendor $100,000 per year commencing on March 1, 2013, with a certain amount of the payments
	to be deferred in 2013 and 2014. For each of the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, $100,000 was recorded as research and
	development expense under the agreement on the consolidated Statements of Operations. As of December 31, 2014, $74,989 was owed
	under the agreement and included in Accounts Payable and Accrued Expenses on the consolidated Balance Sheet.




	 




	In
	2015, the agreement was amended. Under the amended agreement, the Company will pay the vendor a minimum consulting amount of $100,000
	per year, plus a royalty of 7% of all net sales of the vendor’s products above $1,428,571 per calendar year. A total of
	$43,775 of royalty fees were owed under the amended agreement for the year ended December 31, 2015 and were recorded in cost of
	goods sold on the consolidated Statements of Operations. A total of $123,763 was owed under the amended agreement at December
	31, 2015.




	 







	NOTE
	10 – INCOME TAXES





	 




	The
	components of income tax benefit for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014 are as follows:




	 





	 


	 


	Years Ended


	 




	 


	 


	December 31, 2015


	 


	 


	December 31, 2014


	 




	Current


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Federal


	 


	$


	(101,237


	)


	 


	$


	(27,457


	)




	State


	 


	 


	(17,865


	)


	 


	 


	(22,151


	)




	Total Current


	 


	 


	(119,102


	)


	 


	 


	(49,608


	)




	Deferred


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 Federal


	 


	 


	63,635


	 


	 


	 


	156,286


	 




	 State


	 


	 


	11,230


	 


	 


	 


	26,787


	 




	Valuation Allowance


	 


	 


	(74,865


	)


	 


	 


	(183,073


	)




	 Income taxes at effective income tax rate


	 


	$


	(119,102


	)


	 


	$


	(49,608


	)






	 




	The
	Company’s effective income tax rate differs from the amount computed by applying the federal statutory income tax rate to
	loss before income taxes as follows:




	 







	 


	 


	December 31, 2015


	 


	 


	December 31, 2014


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Income tax benefit at federal statutory rate


	 


	 


	(34.0


	)%


	 


	 


	(34.0


	)%




	State income tax benefit, net of federal benefit


	 


	 


	(6.0


	)%


	 


	 


	(6.0


	)%




	Change in valuation allowance


	 


	 


	57.7


	%


	 


	 


	39.9


	%




	Penalties and interest


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	7.1


	%




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Income taxes at effective income tax rate


	 


	 


	17.7


	%


	 


	 


	7.0


	%






	 







	 


	F-

	16



	 









	 








	 






	SOLIS
	TEK INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES





	NOTES
	TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




	FOR
	THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2015 AND 2014




	 







	NOTE
	10 – INCOME TAXES (CONTINUED)





	 




	The
	components of deferred taxes consist of the following at December 31, 2015 and 2014:




	 





	 


	 


	December 31, 2015


	 


	 


	December 31, 2014


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Inventory reserves


	 


	$


	140,141


	 


	 


	$


	75,049


	 




	Allowance for doubtful accounts and returns


	 


	 


	93,581


	 


	 


	 


	57,639


	 




	Impairment of note receivable


	 


	 


	100,000


	 


	 


	 


	100,000


	 




	Other accrued expenses


	 


	 


	76,082


	 


	 


	 


	69,996


	 




	Depreciation


	 


	 


	(52,702


	)


	 


	 


	(20,447


	)




	Net operating loss carryforwards


	 


	 


	67,447


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Less: Valuation allowance


	 


	 


	(424,549


	)


	 


	 


	(282,237


	)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Net deferred tax assets


	 


	$


	-


	 


	 


	$


	-


	 






	 




	Deferred
	income taxes result from temporary differences between income tax and financial reporting computed at the effective income tax
	rate. The Company has established a valuation allowance against its deferred tax assets due to the uncertainty surrounding the
	realization of such assets. Management periodically evaluates the recoverability of the deferred tax assets. At such time it is
	determined that it is more likely than not that deferred tax assets are realizable, the valuation allowance will be reduced.




	 




	The
	Company files U.S. federal and U.S. state tax returns. The Company’s major tax jurisdictions are U.S. federal and the States
	of California and New Jersey. During 2014, the Company and the IRS agreed to a settlement of $72,000 relating to the calendar
	year 2012. Such amount has been accrued and reflected in income taxes payable. Years that are subject to tax examinations are
	the open years from 2013 through 2015.





	 








	NOTE
	11 – SUBSEQUENT EVENTS





	 




	In
	January 2016, the Company borrowed $110,000 from the parents of one of the Company’s officer/shareholders. The loan accrues
	interest at 10% per annum, is unsecured and is due on or before December 31, 2016. Also in January 2016, the Company issued a
	total of 20,000 shares of its common stock to two of its employees. The shares vested upon grant. The fair value of the shares
	on the date of grant was $11,000, which was recorded as stock compensation expense on the date of grant.




	 




	In
	March 2016, the Company entered into a revolving line of credit agreement with its two officer/shareholders in which it can borrow
	up to $600,000. The line of credit expires March 31, 2017. Borrowings under the line of credit bear interest at 8.0% and are unsecured.
	No amounts are currently outstanding on the line of credit.




	  







	 


	F-

	17



	 












	 






	 








	ITEM
	9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE.





	 




	On
	December 30, 2014, the Registrant dismissed Kabani & Company, Inc. (“Kabani”) from its role as the independent
	certifying accountant for the Company.




	 




	The
	audit reports of Kabani on the Company’s financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2013, as restated,
	did not contain an adverse opinion or a disclaimer of opinion, nor was it qualified or modified as to uncertainty, audit scope
	or accounting principles.




	 




	During
	the Registrant’s 2013 fiscal year and through the date of this Current Report on Form 8-K, (1) there were no disagreements
	with Kabani on any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure, or auditing scope or procedure,
	which, if not resolved to the satisfaction of Kabani, would have caused Kabani to make reference to the subject matter of the
	disagreements in connection with their report, and (2) there were no “reportable events” as that term is defined in
	Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K.




	 




	On
	December 30, 2014, the Registrant’s Board of Directors approved the engagement of Weinberg & Company, P.A. (“Weinberg”),
	as the Company’s independent accountant to audit the Company’s financial statements and to perform reviews of interim
	financial statements. During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2014, neither the Company nor anyone acting on its behalf consulted
	with Weinberg regarding (i) either the application of any accounting principles to a specific completed or contemplated transaction
	of the Company, or the type of audit opinion that might be rendered by Weinberg on the Company’s financial statements; (ii)
	Neither a written report nor oral advice was provided to the Company by Weinberg that they concluded was an important factor considered
	by the Company in reaching a decision as to the accounting, auditing or financial reporting issue; and (iii) The Company did not
	consult Weinberg regarding any matter that was either the subject of a “disagreement” (as defined in Item 304(a)(1)(iv)
	of Regulation S-K and the related instructions) or any of the reportable events set forth in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K.





	 







	ITEM
	9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES





	 






	Evaluation
	of disclosure controls and procedures






	 




	Based
	upon an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures performed by our Chief Executive Officer as
	of the end of the period covered by this report, our Chief Executive Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures
	have not been effective as a result of a weakness in the design of internal control over financial reporting identified below.




	 




	As
	used herein, “disclosure controls and procedures” mean controls and other procedures of our company that are designed
	to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Securities Exchange
	Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commission’s rules and forms.
	Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required
	to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated
	to our management, including our principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions,
	as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.




	 






	Management’s
	Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting






	 




	Management
	is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in
	Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Our Chief Executive Officer/Chief Accounting Officer conducted
	an evaluation of the effectiveness of our control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control-Integrated
	Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (“COSO”). Based on management’s
	evaluation under the framework, management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective
	as of December 31, 2015.




	 







	 



	28



	 









	 











	 




	We
	identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting primarily attributable to (i) lack of segregation
	of incompatible duties; and (ii) insufficient Board of Directors representation. These weaknesses are due to our inadequate staffing
	during the period covered by this report and our lack of working capital to hire additional staff. Management has retained an
	outside, independent financial consultant to record and review all financial data, as well as prepare our financial reports, in
	order to mitigate this weakness. Although management will periodically re-evaluate this situation, at this point it considers
	that the risk associated with such lack of segregation of duties and the potential benefits of adding employees to segregate such
	duties are not cost justified. We intend to hire additional accounting personnel to assist with financial reporting as soon as
	our finances will allow.




	 




	This
	quarterly report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over
	financial reporting. Management’s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant
	to temporary rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit us to provide only management’s report in this
	annual report.




	 






	Changes
	in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting






	 




	No
	changes in our internal control over financial reporting occurred during the year ended December 31, 2015 that have materially
	affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.





	 







	Item
	9B – OTHER INFORMATION





	 




	None.




	 







	 



	29



	 











	 








	 










	PART
	III





	 










	ITEM
	10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, PROMOTERS, CONTROL PERSONS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE; COMPLIANCE WITH SECTION 16(A) OF THE EXCHANGE
	ACT.






	 






	Directors





	 



	As
	of April 6, 2016, we have two directors. The name, age and appointment details are as follows:




	 





	Name


	 


	Position Held with the

	Company


	 


	Age


	 


	Date First Elected

	or Appointed




	Alan Lien


	 


	Director


	 


	31


	 


	June 23, 2015




	Alvin Hao


	 


	Director


	 


	32


	 


	June 23, 2015








	 










	Executive
	Officers








	 






	As
	of March 29, 2016, we have two Executive Officers. The name, age and appointment details are as follows:




	 





	Name


	 


	Position Held with the

	Company


	 


	Age


	 


	Date First Elected

	or Appointed




	Alan Lien


	 


	Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer


	 


	31


	 


	June 23, 2015




	Alvin Hao


	 


	President and Chief Operating Officer


	 


	32


	 


	June 23, 2015







	 






	Business
	Experience






	 





	The
	following is a brief account of the education and business experience for at least the past five years of our directors and our
	executive officers, indicating each person’s business experience, principal occupation during the period, and the name and
	principal business of the organization by which they were employed.




	 





	Officers
	and Directors





	 




	Alan
	Lien, is co-founder, director, Chief Executive Officer and Secretary and Treasurer. Mr. Lien is responsible for setting the overall
	direction and product strategy of the Company. He leads the manufacturing, development and sourcing of Solis Tek products and
	setting up company infrastructure. From 2006 to 2009, Mr. Lien was the Chief Operating Officer for A&A Lien Enterprise, a
	trading company located in Taipei Taiwan. A&A Lien Enterprise is a 20 year old trading company with focus in sporting equipment.
	Among the well known customers that were served by A&A Enterprise, and by Mr. Lien in particular, were Mitre, Umbro, Diadora,
	Louisville Slugger, Franklin, Diamond and more. During the four year tenure as the Chief Operating Officer for A&A, Mr. Lien
	supervised the development of new manufacturer relations, purchasing, quality control, trade show supervision, as well as developing
	new customer accounts. Mr. Lien received his BS in Marketing from Monmouth University in 2006.




	 




	Alvin
	Hao, is co-founder, director, President and Chief Operating Officer Mr. Hao has broad knowledge of the hydroponics industry, including
	aspects of hardware and years of gardening experience. Mr. Hao is responsible for creating and maintaining corporate infrastructure,
	oversee daily operations, sales, and financial planning, lead marketing strategy, He received his BS in Business Administration
	and Marketing from California State University Long Beach in 2007.




	 







	 



	30



	 









	 








	 






	Committees





	 




	The
	board of directors has no standing committees. However, the Company intends to implement a comprehensive corporate governance
	program, including establishing various board committees and adopting a Code of Ethics in the future. In addition, the Company
	will secure Directors and Officers insurance consistent with the Company’s and Board of Director’s mandates.




	 





	Family
	Relationships





	 




	No
	family relationship has ever existed between any director, executive officer of the Company, and any person contemplated to become
	such.




	 





	Involvement
	in Certain Legal Proceedings






	 





	Our
	directors, executive officers and control persons have not been involved in any of the following events during the past five years:




	 






	1.




	any
	bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either
	at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time;






	 




	 






	2.




	any
	conviction in a criminal proceeding or being subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other
	minor offences);






	 




	 






	3.




	being
	subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction,
	permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities
	or banking activities; or






	 




	 






	4.




	being
	found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the Securities and Exchange Commission or the Commodity Futures
	Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed,
	suspended, or vacated.







	 








	ITEM
	11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION.







	 






	Executive
	Compensation Overview





	 




	Historically,
	our executive compensation program has reflected our growth and development-oriented corporate culture. As of December 31, 2015,
	the compensation of our executive officers has consisted of a base salary. Our executive officers and all salaried employees are
	also eligible to receive health and welfare benefits.




	 




	As
	we transition from a private company to a publicly-traded company, we will evaluate our compensation values and philosophy and
	compensation plans and arrangements as circumstances require. At a minimum, we expect to review executive compensation annually.
	As part of this review process, we expect the Board of Directors to apply our values and philosophy, while considering the compensation
	levels needed to ensure our executive compensation program remains competitive. We will also review whether we are meeting our
	retention objectives and the potential cost of replacing a key employee.





	 






	Compensation
	Risk Assessment





	 




	We
	believe that although a portion of the compensation provided to our executive officers and other employees may be in the future
	performance-based, our executive compensation program will not encourage excessive or unnecessary risk taking. This is primarily
	due to the fact that our compensation programs will be designed to encourage our executive officers and other employees to remain
	focused on both short-term and long-term strategic goals, in particular in connection with our pay-for-performance compensation
	philosophy. As a result, we do not believe that our compensation programs will reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect
	on us.





	 








	 



	31



	 









	 








	 






	Summary
	Compensation Table






	 





	The
	following table presents information regarding the total compensation awarded to, earned by, and paid to each individual who served
	as our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Operating Officers at any time during the last completed fiscal year. There were only
	two individuals who were serving as Executive Officers at the end of the last completed fiscal year for services rendered in all
	capacities to us for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014. These individuals were our named executive officers of Solis
	Tek Inc. for 2015 and 2014.





	 










	Name
	and Principal Position




	 



	 

	Year




	 


	 



	 

	Salary

	($)




	 


	 



	 

	Bonus

	($)




	 


	 



	 

	Stock

	Awards

	($)




	 



	 

	Option

	Awards

	($)




	 



	 

	Non-Equity

	Incentive Plan

	Compensation

	($)




	 


	Nonqualified

	Deferred

	Compensation

	Earnings

	($)


	 



	 

	All Other

	Compensation

	($)




	 



	 

	Total

	($)




	 




	Alan Lien, Director, CEO


	 


	 


	2015


	 


	 


	 


	162,500


	 


	 


	 



	N/A



	 


	 


	N/A


	 


	N/A


	 


	N/A


	 


	N/A


	 


	N/A


	 


	 


	162,500


	 




	and CFO


	 


	 


	2014


	 


	 


	 


	90,000


	 


	 


	 



	N/A



	 


	 


	N/A


	 


	N/A


	 


	N/A


	 


	N/A


	 


	N/A


	 


	 


	90,000


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Alvin Hao, COO and


	 


	 


	2015


	 


	 


	 


	162,500


	 


	 


	 



	N/A



	 


	 


	N/A


	 


	N/A


	 


	N/A


	 


	N/A


	 


	N/A


	 


	 


	162,500


	 




	President


	 


	 


	2014


	 


	 


	 


	90,000


	 


	 


	 



	N/A



	 


	 


	N/A


	 


	N/A


	 


	N/A


	 


	N/A


	 


	N/A


	 


	 


	90,000


	 






	 





	Director
	Compensation





	 




	Employees
	of the Company who also serve as directors do not receive additional compensation for their performance of services as directors.
	For 2015 and 2014, directors of the Company did not receive additional consideration for their service as directors.




	 





	Option
	Plan





	 




	There
	are no stock option plans or common shares set aside for any stock option plan.




	 







	 



	32



	 










	 







	 








	ITEM
	12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS.






	 




	The
	following table sets forth certain information as of April 6, 2016 with respect to the holdings of: (1) each person known
	to us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of our Common Stock; (2) each of our directors, nominees for director and named
	executive officers; and (3) all directors and executive officers as a group. To the best of our knowledge, each of the persons
	named in the table below as beneficially owning the shares set forth therein has sole voting power and sole investment power with
	respect to such shares, unless otherwise indicated.




	 









	Name
	and Address

	of Beneficial Owner






	 






	Title
	of Class






	 






	Amount
	and Nature

	of Beneficial Owner






	 






	 






	Percent

	of Class

	(1)







	 






	Alan Lien

	Director, CEO and CFO

	16926 S. Keegan Ave. Unit A, Carson, CA


	 


	Common Stock


	 


	 


	10,000,770


	 


	 


	 


	34.0


	%




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Alvin Hao, Director

	16926 S. Keegan Ave. Unit A, Carson, CA



	 


	Common Stock


	 


	 


	10,000,002


	 


	 


	 


	34.0


	%




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Directors and Executive Officers

	 



	 


	Common Stock


	 


	 


	20,000,772


	 


	 


	 


	68.0


	%




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	All Directors and Officers

	(as a group)


	 


	Common Stock


	 


	 


	20,000,772


	 


	 


	 


	68.0


	%







	 









	ITEM
	13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE.







	 








	Supplier






	 




	A
	family member of an officer/shareholder owns a minority interest in a company in China, which as of 2014, is the sole supplier
	of ballasts to the Company. Purchases from the related party for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014 totaled approximately
	$6,265,000 and $4,079,000, respectively. The Company believes purchase prices from the related party approximate what the Company
	would have to pay from an independent third party vendor. At December 31, 2015 and 2014, the Company owed the related party $1,171,754
	and $198,195, respectively.




	 






	Amounts
	Due to Officers/Shareholders






	 




	On
	July 1, 2012, the Company entered into notes payable agreements with two of its officers/shareholders. The maximum borrowings
	allowed under each individual note are $200,000. Through December 31, 2013, each note bore interest at 20% per annum. Beginning
	on January 1, 2014, the interest rate on the notes was reduced to 8% per annum. The notes are due 30 days after demand. Amounts
	owed on the combined note balances were $195,000 and $210,000 at December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. Interest paid to the
	officers/shareholders relating to the notes for the year ended December 31, 2014 was $36,000. There was no interest paid to the
	officers/shareholders relating to the notes for the year ended December 31, 2015. Interest expense on the notes for the years
	ended December 31, 2015 and 2014 was $15,784 and $17,747, respectively.




	 




	As
	of December 31, 2015 and 2014, the Company also owed the same two officers/shareholders as noted above an additional $127,265
	and $126,011, respectively. Included in the balances were short-term loans from the two officers/shareholders to the Company totaling
	$3,297 and $12,826 as of December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. The balances are payable on demand, bear zero interest and
	are unsecured. The balances also included interest owed on the notes payable described above, which totaled to $28,969 and $13,185
	at December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. Also included is $94,999 and $100,000 of unpaid compensation, which was owed to the
	officers/shareholders at December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively.





	 








	 



	33



	 









	 








	 






	DIRECTOR
	INDEPENDENCE





	 




	Our
	Board of Directors is currently composed of two members, who do not qualify as independent directors in accordance with the published
	listing requirements of the NASDAQ Global Market. The NASDAQ independence definition includes a series of objective tests, such
	as that the director is not, and has not been for at least three years, one of our employees and that neither the director, nor
	any of his family members has engaged in various types of business dealings with us. In addition, our Board of Directors has not
	made a subjective determination as to each director that no relationships exist which, in the opinion of our Board of Directors,
	would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director, though such subjective
	determination is required by the NASDAQ rules. Had our Board of Directors made these determinations, our Board of Directors would
	have reviewed and discussed information provided by the directors and us with regard to each director’s business and personal
	activities and relationships as they may relate to us and our management.




	 




	We
	do not have any independent directors. We do not have an audit committee, compensation committee or nominating committee.

	We
	currently do not have a code of ethics that applies to our officers, employees and director.





	 





	LEGAL
	PROCEEDINGS





	 




	From
	time to time, we may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings which arise in the ordinary course of business.
	However, litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to
	time that may harm our business. We are currently not aware of any such legal proceedings or claims that we believe will have
	a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or operating results.




	 







	 



	34



	 










	 







	 








	ITEM
	14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES




	 








	Audit
	Fees






	 




	The
	following table sets forth the fees billed to the Company for professional services rendered by the Company’s independent
	registered public accounting firm, for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014:




	 





	Fees


	 


	2015


	 




	Weinberg & Company, CPAs


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 Audit fees


	 


	$


	111,462


	 




	 Audit Related Fees


	 


	$


	—


	 




	 Tax fees


	 


	$


	42,088


	 




	 All other fees


	 


	$


	—


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Total Fees


	 


	$


	153,550


	 







	 






	Audit
	Fees.

	Consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audits of our financial statements and reviews of
	our interim consolidated financial statements included in quarterly reports.




	 





	Tax
	Fees.

	Weinberg & Company, CPAs did provide us with professional services for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning.
	These services include assistance regarding federal, state and local tax compliance and consultation in connection with various
	transactions and acquisitions.





	 








	 



	35



	 











	 








	 












	Item.
	15. EXHIBITS





	 









	Exhibit
	Number





	 





	Ref





	 





	Description
	of Document







	31.1/2




	 




	*




	 




	Certification
	of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	32.1/2




	 




	*




	 




	Certification
	of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to section
	906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	101.INS




	 




	*




	 




	XBRL
	Instance Document***






	101.SCH




	 




	*




	 




	XBRL
	Taxonomy Extension Schema Document***






	101.CAL




	 




	*




	 




	XBRL
	Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document***






	101.DEF




	 




	*




	 




	XBRL
	Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document***






	101.LAB




	 




	*




	 




	XBRL
	Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document***






	101.PRE




	 




	*




	 




	XBRL
	Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document***







	 




	*
	Filed herewith.




	 




	**
	This certification is being furnished and shall not be deemed “filed” with the SEC for purposes of Section 18 of the
	Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into
	any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the Registrant specifically incorporates it
	by reference.




	 




	***
	Furnished herewith.


	Pursuant to Rule 406T of Regulation S-T, the Interactive Data Files on Exhibit 101 hereto are deemed
	not filed or part of any registration statement or prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933,
	are deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, and otherwise are not subject to liability
	under those sections.








	 







	 



	36



	 











	 







	 









	SIGNATURES









	 




	Pursuant
	to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
	by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.




	  






	 





	SOLIS
	TEK INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES







	 




	 




	 






	 




	By:





	/s/
	Alan Lien







	 




	 




	Alan
	Lien






	 




	 




	Chief
	Executive Officer






	 




	 




	April
	6


	, 2016






	  







	 



	37



	 










	 







	 












	 







	EXHIBIT
	31.1/2






	 







	CERTIFICATION
	PURSUANT TO




	SEC
	Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a),




	AS
	ADOPTED PURSUANT TO




	SECTION
	302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002




	 




	I,
	Alan Lien, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of SOLIS TEK INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES, certify that:




	 




	1.


	I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Solis Tek Inc. and Subsidiaries;




	 




	2.	Based
	on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
	to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
	to the period covered by this report;




	 




	3.	Based
	on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
	respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
	in this report;




	 




	4.	The
	registrant’s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
	procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
	in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:




	 




	(a)	Designed
	such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
	to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
	others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;




	 




	(b)	Designed
	such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
	our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
	statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;




	 




	(c)	Evaluated
	the effectiveness of the registrant’s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
	the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such
	evaluation; and




	 




	(d)	Disclosed
	in this report any change in the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant’s
	most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant’s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
	affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting; and




	 




	5.	The
	registrant’s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
	financial reporting, to the registrant’s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant’s board of directors (or
	persons performing the equivalent functions):




	 




	(a)	All
	significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
	are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant’s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
	and




	 




	(b)	Any
	fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant’s
	internal control over financial reporting.




	 






	Date:
	April 6, 2016




	By:





	/s/
	Alan Lien







	 




	 




	Alan
	Lien






	 




	 




	Chief
	Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer









	 







	 


	 


	 









	 

















	 







	EXHIBIT
	32.1/2





	 







	CERTIFICATION
	OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT






	TO
	18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906






	OF
	THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002.





	 




	In
	connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Solis Tek Inc. and Subsidiaries, (the “Company”) for the period
	ended December 31, 2015, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the “Report”), I,
	Alan Lien, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C Section 1350, as
	adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to the best of my knowledge that:




	 




	1.	The
	Report fully complies with the requirements of Sections 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and




	 




	2.	The
	information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
	of the Company.




	 




	Date:
	April 6, 2016




	 







	/s/
	Alan Lien






	 







	Alan
	Lien




	 






	Chief
	Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer




	 







	  







	 


	 


	 









	 













	 












10-Q/A: SOLIS TEK, INC./NV - HotStocks.NYC































































 










Skip to content





HotStocks.NYC






















10-Q/A: SOLIS TEK, INC./NV

Posted on May 8, 2017 managerPosted in Uncategorized 


tem 2. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.
This Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements that are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control, which may include statements about our:
? business strategy;
? financial strategy;



? future operating results; and
? Plans, objectives, expectations and intentions contained in this report that are not historical.
All statements, other than statements of historical fact included in this report, regarding our strategy, intellectual property, future operations, financial position, estimated revenues and losses, projected costs, prospects, plans and objectives of management are forward-looking statements. When used in this report, the words “could,” “believe,” “anticipate,” “intend,” “estimate,” “expect,” “project” and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain such identifying words. All forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this report. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Although we believe that our plans, intentions and expectations reflected in or suggested by the forward-looking statements we make in this report are reasonable, we can give no assurance that these plans, intentions or expectations will be achieved. These statements may be found under “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” as well as in this report generally. Actual events or results may differ materially from those discussed in forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. In light of these risks and uncertainties, there can be no assurance that the forward-looking statements contained in this filing will in fact occur.
Organizational History
Solis Tek Inc. (the “Company”) was originally incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada on March 2, 2007 as Cinjet, Inc. (“Cinjet”). Effective September 1, 2015, Cinjet changed its corporate name to Solis Tek Inc. On June 23, 2015, the Company entered into an Agreement of Merger and Plan of Reorganization (the “Agreement”) with Solis Tek Inc., a California corporation (“STI”), and CJA Acquisition Corp., a California corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (“Merger Sub”), providing for the merger of Merger Sub with and into STI (the “Merger”), with STI surviving the Merger as a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. The Merger Agreement was approved by the Company’s Board of Directors and the sole Director of the Company, effective June 23, 2015. The Merger closed on June 23, 2015.
At the effective time of the Merger, each share of STI common stock issued and outstanding was converted automatically into the right to receive .166 shares of the common stock of the Company, with an aggregate of 26,187,000 shares of the Company’s common stock issued to the former shareholders of STI.
Upon the closing of the Merger, STI paid a total of $22,500 to four shareholders of the Company for the cancellation of a total of 61,297,002 shares of the Company’s common stock. Also at the closing of the Merger, STI paid $198,100 to the Company to settle and pay liabilities of $405,932, which represented all of the then current liabilities of the Company. After the closing, a total of 29,551,998 shares of the Company were outstanding.
Upon completion of the Merger, the former stockholders of STI owned approximately 89% of the outstanding shares of the Company’s common stock and the holders of the outstanding shares of the Company’s common stock prior to the Merger owned the balance. As the former owners and management of STI have voting and operating control of the Company after the Merger, the transaction has been accounted for as a recapitalization with the STI deemed the acquiring companies for accounting purposes, and the Company deemed the legal acquirer. Due to the change in control, the consolidated financial statements reflect the historical results of STI prior to the Merger, and that of the combined company following the Merger. Common stock and the corresponding capital amounts of the Company pre-Merger have been retroactively restated as capital stock shares reflecting the exchange ratio in the Merger. No step-up in basis or intangible assets or goodwill will be recorded in this transaction and the cash paid by the Company of $248,980 (including $28,380 of transaction costs) has been reflected as a cost of the transaction.
Overview of Business
The Company is focused on the research, design, development and manufacturing of advanced, energy efficient indoor horticulture lighting and ancillary equipment. Our vision is to apply the latest advances in high efficiency lighting and controls technology as well as effective manufacturing techniques to deliver highly differentiated products with clear benefits at competitive prices to the greenhouse and indoor horticulture markets.
The Company, through its wholly owned subsidiary is in the operations of designing, developing and sourcing a line of Solis Tek Digital Ballasts intended for use in high intensity lighting systems used for horticulture. An electrical ballast is a device intended to limit the amount of current in an electric circuit. A familiar and widely used example is the inductive ballast used in fluorescent lamps, to limit the current through the tube, which would otherwise rise to destructive levels due to the tube’s negative resistance characteristic. Since the commencement of operations, our product line has evolved from digital ballasts to a line of lighting products including a line of specialty ballasts ranging from 400 watts to 1,000 watts with various features, a line of specialty metal halide digital lamps, a line of reflectors, high intensity lighting accessories.
Critical Accounting Policies
The Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) defines “critical accounting policies” as those that require application of management’s most difficult, subjective or complex judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain and may change in subsequent periods. Not all of the accounting policies require management to make difficult, subjective or complex judgments or estimates. However, the following policies could be deemed to be critical within the SEC definition.
Allowance for Doubtful Accounts
The allowance for doubtful accounts is based on the Company’s assessment of the collectability of customer accounts. The Company regularly reviews the allowance by considering factors such as historical experience, the age of the accounts receivable balances, credit quality, economic conditions that may affect a customer’s ability to pay and expected default frequency rates. Trade receivables are written off at the point when they are considered uncollectible.
Inventories
The Company provides inventory reserves based on excess and obsolete inventories determined primarily by future demand forecasts. The write down amount is measured as the difference between the cost of the inventory and market based upon assumptions about future demand and charged to the provision for inventory, which is a component of cost of sales. At the point of the loss recognition, a new, lower cost basis for that inventory is established, and subsequent changes in facts and circumstances do not result in the restoration or increase in that newly established cost basis.
Recent Accounting Pronouncements
See Note 2 of the condensed financial statements for management’s discussion of recent accounting pronouncements.
Results of Operations
Results of Operations for the three months ended March 31, 2017 compared to the three months ended March 31, 2016.
Revenue and Cost of Goods Sold
Revenue for the three months ended March 31, 2017 and 2016 was $2,901,826 and $2,584,668, respectively, an increase of $317,158 or 12%. The increase was primarily due to more market penetration within our hydroponic customers and commercial facilities during the first quarter of 2017, as compared to the first quarter of 2016.
Cost of sales for the three months ended March 31, 2017 and 2016, was $1,781,304 and $1,658,711, respectively. Gross profit for the three months ended March 31, 2017 and 2016, was $1,120,522 and $925,957, respectively. The increase in gross profit of $194,565, or 21% was primarily due to increase in revenue. As a percentage of revenue, gross profit for the three months ended March 31, 2017 was 38.6% compared to 35.8% for the three months ended March 31, 2016. The increase in gross profit percentage was due to higher revenue and product mix.
Selling, General and Administrative Expenses
Selling, general and administrative (“SG&A”) expenses for the three months ended March 31, 2017 and 2016 was $4,764,655 and $753,694, respectively, an increase of $4,010,961 or 532%. The increase in SG&A expenses was due to increase in payroll, marketing, travel, trade shows, outbound freight, and sales commission to support the increase in revenues and stock compensation costs and increase in bad debt expenses For the three months ended March 31, 2017 stock compensation expense was $3,638,154 compared to $36,000 for the three months ended March 31, 2016.
Research and Development Expenses
Research and development (“R&D”) expenses for the three months ended March 31, 2017 and 2016 was $82,770 and $57,000, respectively, an increase of $25,770 or 45%. The increase in R&D expenses was primarily due to fair value of common stock ($25,000) issued to an employee. The R&D expense was incurred for the improvement in existing products and development of new products.
Net Income (Loss)
Net loss for the three months ended March 31, 2017 was $3,751,987 compared to net income of $44,960 for the three months ended March 31, 2016. The net loss for the three months ended March 31, 2017 was due to significant noncash costs of $3,663,154 that resulted in the increase in SG&A, and R&D and was offset in part with increase in gross profit compared to the three months ended March 31, 2016.
Liquidity and Capital Resources
Liquidity is the ability of a company to generate funds to support its current and future operations, satisfy its obligations, and otherwise operate on an ongoing basis. Significant factors in the management of liquidity are funds generated by operations, levels of accounts receivable and accounts payable and capital expenditures.
Cash flows used in operating activities
During the three months ended March 31, 2017, the Company used $532,252 in operating activities, compared to cash provided by operating activities of $277,348 during the three months ended March 31, 2016. During the three months ended March 31, 2017, cash was primarily used in increase in accounts receivable to support higher revenue, advance to suppliers for the purchase of inventory, reduction in related party vendor and was offset in part with reduction in inventory and increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses.
Cash flows used in investing activities
During the three months ended March 31, 2017, the Company used $3,200 in the property and equipment for purchase of certain molds.
Cash flows provided by financing activities
During the three months ended March 31, 2017, the Company generated $674,606 from financing activities compared to cash used in financing activities of $86,645 for the three months ended March 31, 2016. For the three months ended March 31, 2017, the Company raised a $400,000 through an issuance of common stock, and proceeds from notes payable to related parties of $300,000 and part of the proceeds were used to pay notes payable-related party of $20,000 and payments on loans payable and capital lease obligation.
We estimate the Company currently has sufficient cash and liquidity to meet its anticipated working capital for the next twelve months.
Historically, we have financed our operations primarily through private sales of common stock, a line of credit and loans from a third party financial institution related parties, and operations. We anticipate that our primary capital source will be positive cash flow from operations. If our sales goals do not materialize as planned, we believe that the Company can reduce its operating costs and achieve positive cash flow from operations. However, we may not generate sufficient revenues from product sales in the future to achieve profitable operations. If we are not able to achieve profitable operations at some point in the future, we may have insufficient working capital to maintain our operations as we presently intend to conduct them or to fund our expansion, marketing, and product development plans. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain such financing on acceptable terms, or at all.
On March 6, 2017, the Board of Directors of the Company authorized a Private Placement Offering per Reg. D of up to $1,650,000 in shares of common stock to accredited investors. For the three months ended march 31, 2017, the Company has raised a total of $300,000 through an issuance of 375,000 shares under this offering.
Non-GAAP Measure – Adjusted EBITDA
In addition to our GAAP results, we present Adjusted EBITDA as a supplemental measure of our performance. However, Adjusted EBITDA is not a recognized measurement under GAAP and should not be considered as an alternative to net income, income from operations or any other performance measure derived in accordance with GAAP or as an alternative to cash flow from operating activities as a measure of liquidity. We define Adjusted EBITDA as net income (loss), plus interest expense, provision for income taxes, depreciation and amortization, and stock-based compensation. Non-GAAP adjustments to our results prepared in accordance with GAAP are itemized below. You are encouraged to evaluate these adjustments and the reasons we consider them appropriate for supplemental analysis. In evaluating Adjusted EBITDA, you should be aware that in the future we may incur expenses that are the same as or similar to some of the adjustments in this presentation. Our presentation of Adjusted EBITDA should not be construed as an inference that our future results will be unaffected by unusual or non-recurring items.
Set forth below is a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to net income (loss) for the three months ended March 31, 2017 and 2016.
 Three months ended March 31, 2017 March 31, 2016 Net income (loss) $ (3,751,987 ) $ 44,960 Add: Interest expense 24,171 26,774 Provision for income taxes 913 43,529 Depriciation and amortization 17,745 17,515 Stock-based compensation 3,663,154 - Adjusted EBITDA $ (46,004 ) $ 132,778
We present Adjusted EBITDA because we believe it assists investors and analysts in comparing our performance across reporting periods on a consistent basis by excluding items that we do not believe are indicative of our core operating performance. Adjusted EBITDA has limitations as an analytical tool, which includes, among others, the following:
? Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect our cash expenditures, or future requirements, for capital expenditures or contractual commitments;
? Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect changes in, or cash requirements for, our working capital needs;
? Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect interest expense, or the cash requirements necessary to service interest or principal payments, on our debts; and
? although depreciation and amortization are non-cash charges, the assets being depreciated and amortized will often have to be replaced in the future, and Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect any cash requirements for such replacements
Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements
We do not have any off balance sheet arrangements that are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, revenues, and results of operations, liquidity or capital expenditures.






Leave a Reply Cancel reply 
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Comment Name * 
Email * 
Website 
 

 Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. 




































Complete Fixtures - Products






























































































JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
                    You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.                












 OTCQB-MKT: SLTK: US $1.385 +0.015 - +1.095%


 



 
 
 
 














Menu



Account










SolisTek Digital Lighting


 


 




 






Subscribe



 

Log In



 

 
 
 
 
 






Menu







Home

Technology Ignition Control & SenseSmart TechnologyTotal Harmonic DistortionProducts Complete FixturesDigital BallastsDigital Lamps Single EndedDouble EndedCeramic Metal HalideReflectorsLighting AccessoriesOfficial SolisTek Apparel All SolisTek ProductsInvestors Stock InformationNews & PressSEC FilingsSupport CalculationsWarrantyInstruction ManualsPoliciesFAQs


Contact Us





 
 
 
 
 
 
 






Home



Products



Complete Fixtures






Complete Fixtures

 
Complete Fixtures




3 Item(s)


Sort By


					Position				

					Name				

					Price				




Show


					4				

					8				

					12				

					15				

					30				

					80				

					All				
 per page


View as:
 
 







 
SolisTek A1 1000W Complete Light System 120/240V

 






 
SolisTek A1 1000W Complete Light System 277V

 






 
SolisTek C1 315W CMH Complete Fixture 120/208/240V

 






3 Item(s)


Sort By


					Position				

					Name				

					Price				




Show


					4				

					8				

					12				

					15				

					30				

					80				

					All				
 per page


View as:
 
 

















 

About SolisTek Inc


SolisTek is focused on the research,  design, development and manufacturing  of advanced & efficient lighting products.






Standard Technology

Ignition Control™ staggered  start based on load stability
SenseSmart™ diagnostic safety checks
Lowest Output Total Harmonic Distortion





SolisTek Products


Complete Systems
Digital Ballasts
Lamps - Single Ended
Lamps - Double Ended
Lamps - Ceramic Metal Halide
Reflectors
Lighting Accessories
All Products






Company Info



Tel: (888) 998-8881  Fax: (213) 596-3918



Email us:info@solis-tek.com



  

























Search:

Search







 
 
 






Copyright © 2016 SolisTek Inc. All Rights Reserved.

 
 
 


 
 
 



 

















Stuccu: Best Deals on . Up To 70% off!
















            Bringing you the best deals from 
            the stores that you know and love
        



What is Stuccu?

                Stuccu is a website that works together with different sellers so you can buy products at low prices. 
                Our vision is to make Stuccu your first and only stop when it comes to online shopping. 
            

                And if we can make it fun for you, all the better.
            






                    What can we do for you?
                

                    We will search the web and bring you the best offers
                    from major online retailers.
                









                *
            
                Using Stuccu will save you both money and time as you no
                longer need to search through dozens of websites.
                Instead, everything is in one place: Stuccu.

            



*

                We will then direct you to the product pages on the sellers' websites where you can finalize the purchase.
                It's as easy as 1-2-3!
            









                    Any questions?
                

                    If you have any questions, make sure to visit our FAQ page.
                    You can also contact us through the Contact Us 
form on the same page.
                






                If you love us and want to say hi, be sure to follow us on these social networks.
            












32 Camden Lock Place, London, NW1 8AL UK
            



























Solis Tek, Inc./nv 10-q - Form 10 Q Quarterly Report - Free Search.
















 


















                 You are here: Agreements   >      > SOLIS TEK, INC./NV 10-Q

 
Search Documents | Browse Documents











SITE SEARCH


AGREEMENTS / CONTRACTS






Document Title:



Entire Document:(optional)



Governing Law(optional)

AllAlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareFlorida
                            GeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMaryland
                            MassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevada
                            New HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahoma
                            OregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtah
                            VermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming 






Try our advanced search >>

CLAUSES
Search Contract Clauses >>
Browse Contract Clause Library>>

















Solis Tek, Inc./nv 10-q
Form 10 Q Quarterly Report



You are currently viewing:
 This  involves SOLIS TEK, INC./NV. RealDealDocs™ contains millions of easily searchable legal documents and clauses from top law firms. Search for free - click here.  
                  



Title: SOLIS TEK, INC./NV 10-Q Date: 11/14/2016 









Preview

Edit & Save 

Related Documents 



50 of the Top 250 law firms use our Products every day










     

 

 


 


 

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

 

Form
10-Q

 

(Mark
One)

 




 



[X]



QUARTERLY
REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF
1934




 

FOR THE
QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED: SEPTEMBER 30, 2016

 




 



[  ]



TRANSITION
REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF
1934




 

For the
transition period from __________ to __________

 

Commission
File Number: ________________

 


SOLIS TEK
INC.

(FORMERLY
CINJET, INC.)

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

 




Nevada



 



20-8609439





(State or
other jurisdiction of



 



(I.R.S.
Employer





incorporation
or organization)



 



Identification
No.)




 

16926 S.
Keegan Ave.

Carson, CA
90746

(Address
of principal executive offices, Zip Code)

 

(888)
998-8881

(Registrant’s
telephone number, including area code)

 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) filed all reports required
to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934
during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been
subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes [X]
No [  ]

 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically
and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405
of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit and post such files). Yes [X] No
[  ]

 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer,
an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of “large accelerated
filer,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller
reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act.

 




Large
accelerated filer [  ]



Accelerated
filer [  ]





Non-accelerated
filer [  ]



Smaller
reporting company [X]




 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes [  ] No
[X]

 

The number
of shares of registrant’s common stock outstanding as of
November 11, 2016 was 29,659,498. The registrant had no outstanding
preferred stock as of that date.

 

 


 


 




 



 



 




  

 

FORM
10-Q

SOLIS TEK
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

SEPTEMBER
30, 2016

TABLE OF
CONTENTS

 




 



 



Page





PART I -
FINANCIAL INFORMATION



 





 



 



 





Item
1.



Condensed
Consolidated Financial Statements



 3





Item
2.



Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations



18





Item
3.



Quantitative
and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk



23





Item
4.



Controls and
Procedures



23





Item
1.



Legal
Proceedings



 24





Item
1A.



Risk
Factors.



24





Item
2.



Unregistered
Sales of Equity Securities and Use of
Proceeds



24





Item
3.



Defaults Upon
Senior Securities



24





Item
4.



Mine Safety
Disclosures



24





Item
5.



Other
Information



24





Item
6.



Exhibits



24





 



 



 





SIGNATURES  



25
 




 




 



  
2



 




  

 


 PART I -
FINANCIAL INFORMATION

 


  Item
1. Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.

 





Solis Tek
Inc.





Condensed
Consolidated Balance Sheets





 



 



 



 



 



 



 





 



 



September
30, 2016



 



 



December
31, 2015



 





 



 



 



(Unaudited)



 



 



 



 



 





ASSETS



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Current
Assets



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Cash



 



$



208,907



 



 



$



106,316



 





Accounts
receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts and
 returns of $268,326 and $233,951 at September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015



 



 



904,202



 



 



 



560,974



 





Inventories



 



 



2,498,477



 



 



 



3,819,859



 





Inventories
under warranty claims - related party



 



 



75,314



 



 



 



75,621



 





Advances
to suppliers



 



 



42,686



 



 



 



22,420



 





Prepaid
expenses and other current assets



 



 



73,828



 



 



 



10,241



 





Income tax
receivable



 



 



81,893



 



 



 



75,390



 





Total
Current Assets



 



 



3,885,307



 



 



 



4,670,821



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Property
and equipment, net



 



 



222,883



 



 



 



267,701



 





Other
assets



 



 



32,071



 



 



 



32,071



 





TOTAL
ASSETS



 



$



4,140,261



 



 



$



4,970,593



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





LIABILITIES
AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Current
Liabilities



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Accounts
payable and accrued expenses



 



$



428,334



 



 



$



564,445



 





Due to
related party vendor



 



 



889,946



 



 



 



1,171,754



 





Notes
payable - related parties



 



 



265,000



 



 



 



255,000



 





Amounts
due to related parties



 



 



139,112



 



 



 



127,265



 





Capital
lease obligations



 



 



13,478



 



 



 



12,807



 





Loans
payable



 



 



8,210



 



 



 



349,089



 





Line of
credit



 



 



-



 



 



 



600,000



 





Total
Current Liabilities



 



 



1,744,080



 



 



 



3,080,360



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Capital
lease obligations, net of current portion



 



 



13,194



 



 



 



23,413



 





Notes
payable - related parties, net of current portion



 



 



600,000



 



 



 



-



 





Loans
payable, net of current portion



 



 



28,043



 



 



 



34,219



 





TOTAL
LIABILITIES



 



 



2,385,317



 



 



 



3,137,992



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Shareholders'
Equity



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Preferred
stock, no par value, 20,000,000 shares authorized; no shares issued
and outstanding Common stock, $0.0001 par value, 100,000,000 shares
authorized; 29,659,498 and 29,576,998 shares issued and
outstanding, respectively



 



 



2,966



 



 



 



2,958



 





Additional
paid-in capital



 



 



2,797,598



 



 



 



2,711,606



 





Accumulated
deficit



 



 



(1,045,620



)



 



 



(881,963



)





Total
Shareholders' Equity



 



 



1,754,944



 



 



 



1,832,601



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





TOTAL
LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY



 



$



4,140,261



 



 



$



4,970,593



 




 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed
consolidated financial statements.

 




 



  
3



 




  

 





Solis Tek
Inc.





Condensed
Consolidated Statements of Operations




 




 



 



Three
Months Ended



 



 



Nine
Months Ended



 





 



 



September
30,



 



 



September
30,



 





 



 



2016



 



 



2015



 



 



2016



 



 



2015



 





 



 



(Unaudited)



 



 



(Unaudited)



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Sales



 



$



1,877,000



 



 



$



1,827,420



 



 



$



6,587,498



 



 



$



5,762,547



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Cost of
goods sold



 



 



1,236,536



 



 



 



1,103,775



 



 



 



4,219,412



 



 



 



3,559,699



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Gross
profit



 



 



640,464



 



 



 



723,645



 



 



 



2,368,086



 



 



 



2,202,848



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Operating
expenses



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Research
and development



 



 



57,500



 



 



 



62,674



 



 



 



172,500



 



 



 



157,899



 





Selling,
general and administrative expenses



 



 



767,239



 



 



 



687,690



 



 



 



2,286,464



 



 



 



2,033,504



 





Total
operating expenses



 



 



824,739



 



 



 



750,364



 



 



 



2,458,964



 



 



 



2,191,403



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Income
(loss) from operations



 



 



(184,275



)



 



 



(26,719



)



 



 



(90,878



)



 



 



11,445



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Other
income (expenses)



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Interest
expense



 



 



(26,885



)



 



 



(13,806



)



 



 



(77,279



)



 



 



(38,044



)





Interest
income



 



 



-



 



 



 



-



 



 



 



4,500



 



 



 



-



 





Reverse
merger costs



 



 



-



 



 



 



-



 



 



 



-



 



 



 



(248,980



)





 



 



 



(26,885



)



 



 



(13,806



)



 



 



(72,779



)



 



 



(287,024



)





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Loss
before income taxes



 



 



(211,160



)



 



 



(40,525



)



 



 



(163,657



)



 



 



(275,579



)





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Provision
(benefit) for income taxes



 



 



(37,700



)



 



 



(11,864



)



 



 



-



 



 



 



9,590



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





NET
LOSS



 



$



(173,460



)



 



$



(28,661



)



 



$



(163,657



)



 



$



(285,169



)





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





BASIC AND
DILUTED LOSS PER SHARE



 



$



(0.01



)



 



$



(0.00



)



 



$



(0.01



)



 



$



(0.01



)





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





WEIGHTED-AVERAGE
COMMON SHARES OUTSTANDING



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





BASIC AND
DILUTED



 



 



29,659,498



 



 



 



29,551,998



 



 



$



29,623,868



 



 



 



27,158,663



 




 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed
consolidated financial statements.

 




 



  
4



 




  

 





Solis Tek
Inc.





Condensed
Consolidated Statement of Shareholders' Equity
(Unaudited)




 




 



 



Common
Stock



 



 



Additional



 



 



Accumulated



 



 



 



 





 



 



Shares



 



 



Amount



 



 



Paid-in
Capital



 



 



Deficit



 



 



Total



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Balance,
December 31, 2015



 



 



29,576,998



 



 



$



2,958



 



 



$



2,711,606



 



 



$



(881,963



)



 



$



1,832,601



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Fair value
of common stock issued for services



 



 



82,500



 



 



 



8



 



 



 



85,992



 



 



 



-



 



 



 



86,000



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Net loss
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016



 



 



-



 



 



 



-



 



 



 



-



 



 



 



(163,657



)



 



 



(163,657



)





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Balance,
September 30, 2016 (Unaudited)



 



 



29,659,498



 



 



$



2,966



 



 



$



2,797,598



 



 



$



(1,045,620



)



 



$



1,754,944



 




 

 

 

 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed
consolidated financial statements.

 




 



  
5



 




  

 





Solis Tek
Inc.





Condensed
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows





 



 



 



 



 



 



 





 



 



Nine
Months Ended



 





 



 



September
30,



 





 



 



2016



 



 



2015



 





 



 



(Unaudited)



 





Cash Flows
from Operating Activities



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Net
loss



 



$



(163,657



)



 



$



(285,169



)





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Adjustments
to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by (used in)
operating activities



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Provision
for bad debts



 



 



39,472



 



 



 



-



 





Depreciation
and amortization



 



 



53,003



 



 



 



33,741



 





Amortization
of loan fees



 



 



28,370



 



 



 



1,630



 





Interest
expense on notes payable to related parties



 



 



38,831



 



 



 



11,852



 





Fair value
of common stock issued for services



 



 



86,000



 



 



 



-



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Changes in
Assets and Liabilities



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





(Increase)
Decrease in:



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Accounts
receivable



 



 



(382,700



)



 



 



(72,675



)





Inventories



 



 



1,321,382



 



 



 



(1,509,285



)





Inventories
under warranty claims



 



 



307



 



 



 



(232,796



)





Advances
to suppliers



 



 



(20,266



)



 



 



(185,996



)





Prepaid
expenses and other current assets



 



 



(63,587



)



 



 



(8,860



)





Income tax
receivable



 



 



(6,503



)



 



 



354



 





Other
assets



 



 



-



 



 



 



(1,649



)





(Decrease)
Increase in:



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Accounts
payable and accrued expenses



 



 



(136,111



)



 



 



156,557



 





Due to
related party vendor



 



 



(281,808



)



 



 



883,387



 





Customer
deposits



 



 



-



 



 



 



(11,970



)





Income
taxes payable



 



 



-



 



 



 



(128,772



)





Net cash
provided by (used in) operating activities



 



 



512,733



 



 



 



(1,349,651



)





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Cash Flows
from Investing Activities



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Cash
acquired upon reverse merger



 



 



-



 



 



 



322



 





Purchases
of property and equipment



 



 



(8,185



)



 



 



(140,188



)





Net cash
used in investing activities



 



 



(8,185



)



 



 



(139,866



)





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Cash Flows
from Financing Activities



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Net
proceeds from sale of common stock



 



 



-



 



 



 



806,000



 





Repayment
of line of credit



 



 



(600,000



)



 



 



-



 





Payments
on capital lease obligations



 



 



(9,548



)



 



 



(10,817



)





Proceeds
from notes payable - related parties



 



 



710,000



 



 



 



-



 





Payment on
notes payable - related parties



 



 



-



 



 



 



-



 





Proceeds
from loans payable



 



 



(100,000



)



 



 



502,320



 





Payments
on loans payable



 



 



(375,425



)



 



 



(11,803



)





Payments
on amounts due to related parties



 



 



(26,984



)



 



 



(24,529



)





Net cash
provided by (used in) financing activities



 



 



(401,957



)



 



 



1,261,171



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Net
increase (decrease) in cash



 



 



102,591



 



 



 



(228,346



)





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Cash
beginning of period



 



 



106,316



 



 



 



408,996



 





Cash end
of period



 



$



208,907



 



 



$



180,650



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Interest
paid



 



$



48,753



 



 



$



7,283



 





Taxes
paid



 



$



8,594



 



 



$



138,361



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Non-cash
transactions



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Purchase
of property through loan payable



 



$



-



 



 



$



10,523



 




 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed
consolidated financial statements.

 




 



  
6



 




  

 

SOLIS TEK
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED)

FOR THE
NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015


 


 

NOTE 1
– BASIS OF PRESENTATION

 

The
accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements
of Solis Tek Inc. and Subsidiaries (the “Company”) have
been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America for interim financial
information and with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Rule 10-01
of Regulation S-X. Accordingly, they do not include all of the
information and footnotes required by generally accepted accounting
principles for complete financial statements. In the opinion of
management, all normal recurring adjustments considered necessary
for a fair presentation have been included. Operating results for
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily
indicative of the results that may be expected for the year ending
December 31, 2016.

 

History
and Organization

 

Solis Tek
Inc. (the “Company”) was originally incorporated under
the laws of the State of Nevada on March 2, 2007 as Cinjet, Inc.
(“Cinjet”). Effective September 1, 2015, Cinjet changed
its corporate name to Solis Tek Inc. On June 23, 2015, the Company
entered into an Agreement of Merger and Plan of Reorganization (the
“Agreement”) with Solis Tek Inc., a California
corporation (“STI”), and CJA Acquisition Corp., a
California corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company
(“Merger Sub”), providing for the merger of Merger Sub
with and into STI (the “Merger”), with STI surviving
the Merger as a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. The Merger
Agreement was approved by the Company’s Board of Directors
and the sole Director of the Company, effective June 23, 2015. The
Merger closed on June 23, 2015.

 

At the
effective time of the Merger, each share of STI common stock issued
and outstanding was converted automatically into the right to
receive .166 shares of the common stock of the Company, with an
aggregate of 26,187,000 shares of the Company’s common stock
issued to the former shareholders of STI.

 

Upon the
closing of the Merger, STI paid a total of $22,500 to four
shareholders of the Company for the cancellation of a total of
61,297,002 shares of the Company’s common stock. Also at the
closing of the Merger, STI paid $198,100 to the Company to settle
and pay liabilities of $405,932, which represented all of the then
current liabilities of the Company. After the closing, a total of
29,551,998 shares of the Company were outstanding.

 

Upon
completion of the Merger, the former stockholders of STI owned
approximately 89% of the outstanding shares of the Company’s
common stock and the holders of the outstanding shares of the
Company’s common stock prior to the Merger owned the balance.
As the former owners and management of STI have voting and
operating control of the Company after the Merger, the transaction
has been accounted for as a recapitalization with the STI deemed
the acquiring companies for accounting purposes, and the Company
deemed the legal acquirer. Due to the change in control, the
consolidated financial statements reflect the historical results of
STI prior to the Merger, and that of the combined company following
the Merger. Common stock and the corresponding capital amounts of
the Company pre-Merger have been retroactively restated as capital
stock shares reflecting the exchange ratio in the Merger. No
step-up in basis or intangible assets or goodwill has been recorded
in this transaction and the cash paid by the Company of $248,980
(including $28,380 of transaction costs) has been reflected as a
cost of the transaction in 2015.

 

Overview
of Business

 

The
Company is an importer, distributer and marketer of digital
lighting equipment for the hydroponics industry. Using certain of
its proprietary technologies, the Company provides innovative
aptitudes with its ballast, reflector and lamp products. The
Company’s customers include retail stores, distributors and
commercial growers in the United States and abroad.

 




 



  
7



 




  

 

SOLIS TEK
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED)

FOR THE
NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015


 


 

NOTE 2 -
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

 

Basis of
Consolidation

 

The
condensed consolidated financial statements include the accounts of
the Company and its wholly owned subsidiaries. Intercompany
transactions and balances have been eliminated in
consolidation.

 

Stock
Split

 

On July 7,
2015, the Company’s shareholders authorized its Board of
Directors to effectuate a stock split of the Company’s issued
and outstanding shares of common stock at a ratio of 6-for-1 (the
“Stock Split”), which was ultimately declared effective
by the Board of Directors as of the close of business on September
1, 2015. As a result of the Stock Split, every one issued and
outstanding share of the Company’s common stock was changed
and converted into six shares of common stock. Share related
information presented in these financial statements and
accompanying footnotes has been retroactively adjusted to reflect
the reduced number of shares resulting from this action.

 

Income
(Loss) Per Share Calculations

 

Basic
earnings (loss) per share are computed by dividing income (loss)
available to common shareholders by the weighted-average number of
common shares available. Shares of restricted stock subject to
vesting are included in basic weighted average common shares
outstanding from the time they vest. Diluted earnings (loss) per
share is computed similar to basic earnings (loss) per share except
that the denominator is increased to include the number of
additional common shares that would have been outstanding if the
potential common shares had been issued and if the additional
common shares were dilutive. Weighted average number of shares
outstanding has been retroactively restated for the equivalent
number of shares received by the accounting acquirer as a result of
the reverse merger as if these shares had been outstanding as of
the beginning of the earliest period presented.

 

Revenue
Recognition

 

The
Company recognizes revenue upon shipment of the Company’s
products to its customers, provided that evidence of an arrangement
exists, title and risk of loss have passed to the customer, fees
are fixed or determinable, and collection of the related receivable
is reasonably assured. Title to the Company’s products
primarily is transferred to the customer once the product is
shipped from the Company’s warehouses. In certain cases, the
products are shipped directly from the Company’s vendors
directly to the Company’s customer, in which case title is
transferred once the product is received by the customer. Products
are not shipped until there is a written agreement with the
customer with a specified payment arrangement. Any discounts that
are offered are done as a reduction of the invoiced amount at the
time of billing.

 

Payments
received before the relevant criteria for revenue recognition are
satisfied are recorded as customer deposits. There were no customer
deposits at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.

 

The
Company does not offer a general right of return on any of its
sales and considers all sales as final. The Company generally
provides a three-year warranty on its ballasts. The Company does
not maintain a warranty reserve as the Company is able to
chargeback its vendors for all warranty claims. As of September 30,
2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company recorded a reserve for
returned product in the amount of $130,410, which reduced the
accounts receivable balances as of those periods.

 




 



  
8



 




  

 

SOLIS TEK
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED)

FOR THE
NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015


 


 

NOTE 2 -
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

 

Use of
Estimates

 

The
preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S requires
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of
contingent assets and liabilities at the financial statement date,
and reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting
period. Significant estimates are used in valuing our allowances
for doubtful accounts and inventory valuations, among others.
Actual results could differ from these estimates.

 

Property
and Equipment

 

Property
and equipment are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation and
amortization. Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line
method over the estimated useful lives of the assets. The Company
has determined the estimated useful lives of its property and
equipment, as follows:

 




Machinery
and equipment



5
years





Computer
equipment



3
years





Furniture
and fixtures



7
years




 

Maintenance
and repairs are charged to expense as incurred. The cost and
accumulated depreciation of assets sold or otherwise disposed of
are removed from the related accounts and the resulting gain or
loss is reflected in the statements of operations.

 

Income
Taxes

 

Income tax
expense is based on pretax financial accounting income. Deferred
tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the expected tax
consequences of temporary differences between the tax bases of
assets and liabilities and their reported amounts. Valuation
allowances are recorded to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount
that will more likely than not be realized. The Company recorded a
valuation allowance against its deferred tax assets as of September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.

 

The
Company accounts for uncertainty in income taxes using a two-step
approach to recognizing and measuring uncertain tax positions. The
first step is to evaluate the tax position for recognition by
determining if the weight of available evidence indicates that it
is more likely than not that the position will be sustained on
audit, including resolution of related appeals or litigation
processes, if any. The second step is to measure the tax benefit as
the largest amount that is more than 50 percent likely of being
realized upon settlement. The Company classifies the liability for
unrecognized tax benefits as current to the extent that the Company
anticipates payment (or receipt) of cash within one year. Interest
and penalties related to uncertain tax positions are recognized in
the provision for income taxes.

 




 



  
9



 




  

 

SOLIS TEK
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED)

FOR THE
NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015


 


 

NOTE 2 -
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
(CONTINUED)

 

Concentration
Risks

 

The
Company operates in markets that are highly competitive and rapidly
changing. Significant technological changes, shifting customer
needs, the emergence of competitive products or services with new
capabilities, and other factors could negatively impact the
Company’s operating results. State and federal government
laws could have a material adverse impact on the Company’s
future revenues and results of operations.

 

The
Company’s products require specific components that currently
are available from a limited number of sources. The Company
purchases its key products and components from single vendors.
During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, its
ballasts, lamps and reflectors, which comprised the vast majority
of the Company’s purchases during those periods, were each
only purchased from one separate vendor. The ballast vendor is a
related party (see Note 4).

 

The
Company performs a regular review of customer activity and
associated credit risks and does not require collateral or other
arrangements. There was one customer that accounted for more than
10% of the Company’s revenue for the three months ended
September 30, 2016, accounting for 13%. There were no customers
that accounted for more than 10% of the Company’s revenue for
the nine months ended September 30, 2016. There was one customer
that accounted for more than 10% of the Company’s revenue for
the three months ended September 30, 2015, accounting for 11%.
There were no customers that accounted for more than 10% of the
Company’s revenue for the nine months ended September 30,
2015. Shipments to customers outside the United States comprised
0.9% and 4% for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
respectively. Shipments to customers outside the United States
comprised 0.5% and 3% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015, respectively.

 

As of
September 30, 2016, three customers accounted for 18%, 13% and 12%
of the Company’s trade accounts receivable balance, and as of
December 31, 2015, two customers accounted for 15% and 20% of the
Company’s trade accounts receivable balance. Customers
outside the United States represented 0% and 8% of the
Company’s trade accounts receivable balance as of September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.

 

Fair Value
measurements

 

The
Company determines the fair value of its assets and liabilities
based on the exchange price in U.S. dollars that would be received
for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the
principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in
an orderly transaction between market participants on the
measurement date. Valuation techniques used to measure fair value
maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of
unobservable inputs. The Company uses a fair value hierarchy with
three levels of inputs, of which the first two are considered
observable and the last unobservable, to measure fair
value:

 

 




●



Level 1
— Quoted
prices in active markets for identical assets or
liabilities.





 



 





●



Level 2
— Inputs,
other than Level 1, that are observable, either directly or
indirectly, such as quoted prices for similar assets or
liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other
inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable
market data for substantially the full term of the assets or
liabilities.





 



 





●



 Level
3 — Unobservable
inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that
are significant to the fair value of the assets or
liabilities.




 

The
carrying amounts of financial instruments such as cash, accounts
receivable, inventories, and accounts payable and accrued
liabilities, approximate the related fair values due to the
short-term maturities of these instruments.


 




 



  
10



 




  


 

SOLIS TEK
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED)

FOR THE
NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015


 



 

NOTE 2 -
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
(CONTINUED)


 

Recently
Issued Accounting Pronouncements


 

In July
2015, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2015-11,
Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory, which requires that
inventory within the scope of ASU 2015-11 be measured at the lower
of cost and net realizable value. Inventory measured using last-in,
first-out (LIFO) and the retail inventory method are not impacted
by the new guidance. ASU 2015-11 applies to all other inventory,
which includes inventory that is measured using first-in, first-out
(FIFO) or average cost. An entity should measure inventory within
the scope of ASU 2015-11 at the lower of cost and net realizable
value. Net realizable value is the estimated selling prices in the
ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of
completion, disposal, and transportation. ASU 2015-11 is effective
for public business entities in fiscal years beginning after
December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those years. Early
adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the
impact the adoption of ASU 2015-11 on the Company’s financial
statements and disclosures.

 

In May
2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued
Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2014-09, Revenue from
Contracts with Customers. ASU 2014-09 is a comprehensive revenue
recognition standard that will supersede nearly all existing
revenue recognition guidance under current U.S. GAAP and replace it
with a principle based approach for determining revenue
recognition. ASU 2014-09 will require that companies recognize
revenue based on the value of transferred goods or services as they
occur in the contract. The ASU also will require additional
disclosure about the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of
revenue and cash flows arising from customer contracts, including
significant judgments and changes in judgments and assets
recognized from costs incurred to obtain or fulfill a contract. ASU
2014-09 is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after
December 15, 2017. Early adoption is permitted only in annual
reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, including
interim periods therein. Entities will be able to transition to the
standard either retrospectively or as a cumulative-effect
adjustment as of the date of adoption. The Company is in the
process of evaluating the impact of ASU 2014-09 on the
Company’s financial statements and disclosures.

 

In
February 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU)
No. 2016-02, Leases. ASU 2016-02 requires a lessee to record a
right of use asset and a corresponding lease liability on the
balance sheet for all leases with terms longer than 12 months. ASU
2016-02 is effective for all interim and annual reporting periods
beginning after December 15, 2018. Early adoption is permitted. A
modified retrospective transition approach is required for lessees
for capital and operating leases existing at, or entered into
after, the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented
in the financial statements, with certain practical expedients
available. The Company is in the process of evaluating the impact
of ASU 2016-02 on the Company’s financial statements and
disclosures.

 

Other
recent accounting pronouncements issued by the FASB, including its
Emerging Issues Task Force, the American Institute of Certified
Public Accountants, and the Securities and Exchange Commission did
not or are not believed by management to have a material impact on
the Company’s present or future consolidated financial
statements.

 




 



  
11



 




  

 

SOLIS TEK
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED)

FOR THE
NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015


 
 


 


NOTE 3 -
PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT

 

Property
and equipment consists of the following at September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015:

 




 



 



September
30, 2016



 



 



December
31, 2015



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Machinery
and equipment



 



$



231,506



 



 



$



231,506



 





Computer
equipment



 



 



12,448



 



 



 



12,448



 





Furniture
and fixtures



 



 



97,451



 



 



 



89,266



 





Leasehold
improvements



 



 



7,000



 



 



 



7,000



 





 



 



 



348,405



 



 



 



340,220



 





Less:
accumulated depreciation and amortization



 



 



(125,522



)



 



 



(72,519



)





Property
and equipment, net



 



$



222,883



 



 



$



267,701



 




 

Depreciation
and amortization expense for the three months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015 was $17,901 and $14,035, respectively. Depreciation
and amortization expense for the nine months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015 was $53,003 and $33,741, respectively.

 

Property
and equipment include assets acquired under capital leases of
$64,632 at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.
Related depreciation included in accumulated depreciation was
$33,659 and $23,814 at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015,
respectively.

 

NOTE 4 -
RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

 

Supplier

 

A family
member of an officer/shareholder owns a minority interest in a
company in China, which as of 2014, is the sole supplier of
ballasts to the Company. Purchases from the related party for the
three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 totaled
approximately $859,000 and $1,823,000, respectively. Purchases from
the related party for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and
2015 totaled approximately $2,364,000 and $4,560,000, respectively.
The Company believes purchase prices from the related party
approximate what the Company would have to pay from an independent
third party vendor. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015,
the Company owed the related party $889,946 and $1,171,754,
respectively.

 

Amounts
Due to Related Parties

 

As of
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company owed related
parties $139,112 and $127,265, respectively. Included in the
balances were short-term loans from the two officers/shareholders
to the Company totaling $3,297 as of September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015, respectively. The balances are payable on
demand, bear zero interest and are unsecured. The balances also
included interest owed on the notes payable to related parties,
which totaled to $57,496 and $28,969 at September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015, respectively. Also included is $78,319 and
$94,999 of unpaid compensation, which was owed to the
officers/shareholders at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015,
respectively.

 




 



  
12



 




  

 

SOLIS TEK
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED)

FOR THE
NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015


 
 


 


NOTE 5
– NOTES PAYABLE TO RELATED PARTIES

 

Notes
payable to related parties consists of the following at September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015:

 




 



 



September
30, 2016



 



 



December
31, 2015



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Notes
payable to officers/shareholders (a)



 



$



195,000



 



 



$



195,000



 





Notes
payable to officers/shareholders (b)



 



 



600,000



 



 



 



-



 





Notes
payable to related parties (c)



 



 



70,000



 



 



 



60,000



 





 



 



 



865,000



 



 



 



255,000



 





Less:
current portion



 



 



(265,000



)



 



 



(255,000



)





Non-current
portion



 



$



600,000



 



 



$



-



 




 




 



a.



On July 1,
2012, the Company entered into notes payable agreements with two of
its officers/shareholders. The maximum borrowings allowed under
each individual note are $200,000. Through December 31, 2013, each
note bore interest at 20% per annum. Beginning on January 1, 2014,
the interest rate on the notes was reduced to 8% per annum. The
notes are due 30 days after demand. Amounts owed on the combined
note balances were $195,000 at September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, respectively.





 



 



 





 



b.



In May
2016, the Company entered into two separate notes payable
agreements with the aforementioned two officers/shareholders. Under
each of the agreements, the Company borrowed $300,000 from each of
the officers/shareholders. The notes accrue interest at 8% per
annum, are unsecured and are due on or before May 31, 2018. A total
of $600,000 was due on the combined notes at September 30,
2016.





 



 



 





 



c.



In
November 2015, the Company borrowed $60,000 from the parents of one
of the Company’s officer/shareholders. The loan accrues
interest at 10% per annum, is unsecured and is due on or before
December 31, 2016. A total of $60,000 was owed on the loan as of
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.





 



 



 





 



 



In January
2016, the Company borrowed an additional $110,000 from relatives of
one of the Company’s officers/shareholders. The loan accrues
interest at 10% per annum, is unsecured and is currently due. In
April 2016, $100,000 was repaid on the loan. A total of $10,000 was
owed on the loan as of September 30, 2016.




 

Interest
expense on the notes to related parties for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $17,795 and $3,932, respectively.
Interest expense on the notes to related parties for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $38,831 and 11,852,
respectively. Interest paid to the related parties during the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 amounted to $10,305. Accrued
interest included in Amounts due to related parties at September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 was $57,496 and $28,969,
respectively.

 

NOTE 6 -
LINE OF CREDIT

 

Through
May 2016, the Company had a revolving line of credit with a bank in
which it could borrow up to $600,000. The line of credit expired
May 1, 2016. Borrowings under the line of credit bore interest at
4.75%. The line of credit was secured by substantially all assets
of the Company and a personal guarantee from one of the
Company’s officers/shareholders, including his personal
residence. The outstanding balance on the line of credit was
$600,000 at December 31, 2015. The line of credit was terminated
after the balance was fully paid in May 2016.

 




 



  
13



 




  

 

SOLIS TEK
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED)

FOR THE
NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015


 


 


NOTE 7
– LOANS PAYABLE

 

Loans
payable consist of the following at September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015:

 




 



 



September
30, 2016



 



 



December
31, 2015



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Business
loan (a)



 



$



-



 



 



$



341,035



 





Automobile
loans (b)



 



 



36,253



 



 



 



42,273



 





 



 



 



36,253



 



 



 



383,308



 





Less:
current portion



 



 



(8,210



)



 



 



(349,089



)





Non-current
portion



 



$



28,043



 



 



$



34,219



 




 




 



a.



In
September 2015, the Company entered into a Business Loan and
Security Agreement, under which the Company can borrow up to
$500,000. The loan matured in September 2016 and is secured by
credit card collections and certain Company assets. The agreement
requires the Company to repay the loan from the credit card
deposits it receives from its customers. The repayment rate is 21%
of each deposit. The loan does not accrue interest but includes a
non-refundable fee of $40,000, which can be reduced if paid early.
In September 2














 















Products































































































JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
                    You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.                












 OTCQB-MKT: SLTK: US $1.385 +0.015 - +1.095%


 



 
 
 
 














Menu



Account










SolisTek Digital Lighting


 


 




 






Subscribe



 

Log In



 

 
 
 
 
 






Menu







Home

Technology Ignition Control & SenseSmart TechnologyTotal Harmonic DistortionProducts Complete FixturesDigital BallastsDigital Lamps Single EndedDouble EndedCeramic Metal HalideReflectorsLighting AccessoriesOfficial SolisTek Apparel All SolisTek ProductsInvestors Stock InformationNews & PressSEC FilingsSupport CalculationsWarrantyInstruction ManualsPoliciesFAQs


Contact Us





 
 
 
 
 
 
 






Home



Products









Complete Fixtures





Digital Ballasts





Digital Lamps





Reflectors





Lighting Accessories





Official SolisTek Apparel 





All SolisTek Products




Subscribe to RSS Feed
Products














 

About SolisTek Inc


SolisTek is focused on the research,  design, development and manufacturing  of advanced & efficient lighting products.






Standard Technology

Ignition Control™ staggered  start based on load stability
SenseSmart™ diagnostic safety checks
Lowest Output Total Harmonic Distortion





SolisTek Products


Complete Systems
Digital Ballasts
Lamps - Single Ended
Lamps - Double Ended
Lamps - Ceramic Metal Halide
Reflectors
Lighting Accessories
All Products






Company Info



Tel: (888) 998-8881  Fax: (213) 596-3918



Email us:info@solis-tek.com



  

























Search:

Search







 
 
 






Copyright © 2016 SolisTek Inc. All Rights Reserved.

 
 
 


 
 
 



 





SolisTek Digital Lighting



























































































JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
                    You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.                












 OTCQB-MKT: SLTK: US $1.385 +0.015 - +1.095%


 



 
 
 
 














Menu



Account










SolisTek Digital Lighting


 


 




 






Subscribe



 

Log In



 

 
 
 
 
 






Menu







Home

Technology Ignition Control & SenseSmart TechnologyTotal Harmonic DistortionProducts Complete FixturesDigital BallastsDigital Lamps Single EndedDouble EndedCeramic Metal HalideReflectorsLighting AccessoriesOfficial SolisTek Apparel All SolisTek ProductsInvestors Stock InformationNews & PressSEC FilingsSupport CalculationsWarrantyInstruction ManualsPoliciesFAQs


Contact Us





 
 
 
 
 
 
 















 



 
 
 
 










 
Tools for success
SolisTek Products
SolisTek is proud to offer an extensive line of lighting equipment & accessories to help achieve higher yields and maximize quality.
See all products




 
Innovative products
Unique Technology
SolisTek products are standard equipped with a variety of technology that separate our products from the competition.
Learn more




 
We're here if you need us
Customer Support
SolisTek strives to provide the next level in customer support.  Our staff is well trained and ready to help. 
Contact us



SolisTek Product Categories

















 
 
 












 

About SolisTek Inc


SolisTek is focused on the research,  design, development and manufacturing  of advanced & efficient lighting products.






Standard Technology

Ignition Control™ staggered  start based on load stability
SenseSmart™ diagnostic safety checks
Lowest Output Total Harmonic Distortion





SolisTek Products


Complete Systems
Digital Ballasts
Lamps - Single Ended
Lamps - Double Ended
Lamps - Ceramic Metal Halide
Reflectors
Lighting Accessories
All Products






Company Info



Tel: (888) 998-8881  Fax: (213) 596-3918



Email us:info@solis-tek.com



  

























Search:

Search







 
 
 






Copyright © 2016 SolisTek Inc. All Rights Reserved.

 
 
 


 
 
 



 





SolisTek Digital Lighting



























































































JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
                    You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.                












 OTCQB-MKT: SLTK: US $1.385 +0.015 - +1.095%


 



 
 
 
 














Menu



Account










SolisTek Digital Lighting


 


 




 






Subscribe



 

Log In



 

 
 
 
 
 






Menu







Home

Technology Ignition Control & SenseSmart TechnologyTotal Harmonic DistortionProducts Complete FixturesDigital BallastsDigital Lamps Single EndedDouble EndedCeramic Metal HalideReflectorsLighting AccessoriesOfficial SolisTek Apparel All SolisTek ProductsInvestors Stock InformationNews & PressSEC FilingsSupport CalculationsWarrantyInstruction ManualsPoliciesFAQs


Contact Us





 
 
 
 
 
 
 















 



 
 
 
 










 
Tools for success
SolisTek Products
SolisTek is proud to offer an extensive line of lighting equipment & accessories to help achieve higher yields and maximize quality.
See all products




 
Innovative products
Unique Technology
SolisTek products are standard equipped with a variety of technology that separate our products from the competition.
Learn more




 
We're here if you need us
Customer Support
SolisTek strives to provide the next level in customer support.  Our staff is well trained and ready to help. 
Contact us



SolisTek Product Categories

















 
 
 












 

About SolisTek Inc


SolisTek is focused on the research,  design, development and manufacturing  of advanced & efficient lighting products.






Standard Technology

Ignition Control™ staggered  start based on load stability
SenseSmart™ diagnostic safety checks
Lowest Output Total Harmonic Distortion





SolisTek Products


Complete Systems
Digital Ballasts
Lamps - Single Ended
Lamps - Double Ended
Lamps - Ceramic Metal Halide
Reflectors
Lighting Accessories
All Products






Company Info



Tel: (888) 998-8881  Fax: (213) 596-3918



Email us:info@solis-tek.com



  

























Search:

Search







 
 
 






Copyright © 2016 SolisTek Inc. All Rights Reserved.

 
 
 


 
 
 



 


