

	SOMPRIYA Trademark of Sompriya Fine Spirits, LLC. Serial Number: 85746514 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Wines and Spirits Products
SOMPRIYA










 
Get FREE email alerts













SOMPRIYA  Trademark Information
 Sompriya Fine Spirits, LLC
Liqueurs




Perfect for these industries

Wines and Spirits Products





Words that describe this mark
liqueurs    
                                    




This is a brand page for the SOMPRIYA trademark by Sompriya Fine Spirits, LLC 
                                in Oak Brook Terrace, IL, 60181.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this SOMPRIYA trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Sompriya Fine Spirits, LLC of the SOMPRIYA trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the SOMPRIYA trademark.
                           






On Friday, October 05, 2012,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        SOMPRIYA by 
                        Sompriya Fine Spirits, LLC, Oak Brook Terrace, IL  60181.
                        The USPTO has given the SOMPRIYA 
                        trademark serial  number of  85746514.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is REGISTERED.
                        The correspondent listed for SOMPRIYA is 
                        
                        
                                            MICHAEL J. HERTZ of 
                                            WOODS ROGERS PLC,  10 S JEFFERSON ST STE 1400, ROANOKE, VA 24011-1327 
                                .
                            The SOMPRIYA trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Wines and Spirits Products
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for SOMPRIYA 
                            is Liqueurs. 
                            





Word mark:
 SOMPRIYA


  Status/Status Date:  


REGISTERED

7/8/2014



  Serial Number:  
85746514


  Filing Date:  
10/5/2012


 Registration Number:  
4564919 


 Registration Date:  
7/8/2014


 Goods and Services: 
Liqueurs


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
TradeMark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
3/19/2013


Last Applicant/Owner:

Sompriya Fine Spirits, LLCOak Brook Terrace, IL  60181
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


MICHAEL J. HERTZ
WOODS ROGERS PLC
10 S JEFFERSON ST STE 1400
ROANOKE, VA 24011-1327






 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (033) - Alcoholic beverages (except beers). 


First Use Anywhere: 
Not provided


First Use In Commerce: 
Not provided





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your SOMPRIYA trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

7/8/2014
REGISTERED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



MICHAEL J. HERTZ


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of SOMPRIYA trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search sompriya on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for SOMPRIYA 




SOMPRIYA is providing Liqueurs.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 























Desi Talk
















Desi Talk - page 30



September 5, 2014


C


hicagobased SomPriya Fine Spirits,


LLC will launch the brand’s first


product this fall as they introduce


SomruS, The Original Indian Cream Liqueur


(



www.somrus.com



), a categorycreating cor­


dial bringing the flavors, history and culture


of the Indian subcontinent to the U.S. on


September 21, with initial distribution in Illi­


nois, New Jersey, New York and online na­


tionwide. Literally translated as “Nectar of


The Gods” from ancient India, SomruS is an


intricate blend of eastern spices, nuts and


cream, combined with premium Caribbean


rum resulting in an allnatural, glutenfree


and Kosher liqueur never before seen or


tasted. An initial run of 15,000 bottles will hit


stores, just in time for Diwali, the Indian


“Festival of Lights,” as well as the Thanks­


giving and Christmas holidays.


As is the case with most great inventions,


SomruS was created as the result of an ‘ah­


ha’moment – one at 33,000 feet to satisfy a


craving! Aboard a flight returning to the U.S.


from India, founder Pankaj Garg yearned for


a libation that would complement the fla­


vors of his Indianinspired dinner.  Alas, Bai­


ley’s was the only liqueur available, which


led to that life altering moment when Pankaj


wondered why there was


not a liqueur that em­


anated from the delectable


flavors and tastes of the In­


dian subcontinent, some


onefifth of the world’s


population.  Turning his


back on years of manage­


ment consulting, Pankaj,


along with his wife Swati,


set out to fill the void with


a product that conjures up


the flavors and culture of


their native land; one that


can be savored on its own,


can lend its intriguing taste


and texture to a cocktail or


even be incorporated into a


dessert.


“We’re eager to introduce a


new liqueur to the market


that is the first of its kind,


all the while creating a


family business,” said


Pankaj Garg. “The Indian


flavors are so unique and


rich and it is our belief that,


up until now, they have


been ignored in relation


to spirits and liqueurs.


We are thrilled to intro­


duce India’s vast culi­


nary heritage in a liquid


form to the world.”


SomruS reinvents the


taste, tranquility and ex­


citement of drinking the


mythical potion of the


Gods, once thought to


be a cure for aging and


degeneration. Although


this new incarnation


may not guarantee im­


mortality, the fragrant,


smooth concoction art­


fully blends pure dairy


cream and handcrafted


Caribbean rumwith the


distinctive flavors of car­


damom, saffron, al­


monds, pistachios and


rose.  All indelibly


etched on the palates of


those who enjoy Indian


cuisine or the exotic cul­


ture of the Eastern


Hemisphere.


The industry is already abuzz about the new


liqueur as Wine Enthusiast – the preeminent


authority on the subject – awarded SomruS a


prestigious score of 94, pronouncing it


“creamy but light and…a palatecleansing


way to end a richly spiced meal.”  They con­


tinued by saying, “The ornate gold and red


bottle is an eyecatcher, too.” This rating


puts the product in the ‘Top Shelf or Out­


standing’ category of spirits, meaning it has


superior character and style, and will be in­


cluded in the magazine’s October buying


guide.


The exotic goldcoated 750ml bottle matches


the magic of what it contains. The UV pro­


tected, custommade glass bottle draws in­


spiration from an ancient Indian decanter,


instantly setting it apart from anything else


on the shelf. The suggested retail price range


is $24.99 to $29.99 depending on the state


and local taxes.


For more information about SomruS,


please visit 



www.somrus.com




SOMPRIYA FINE SPIRITS, LLC Announces the Launch of SOMRUS,




The Original Indian Cream Liqueur




A first of its kind product




to roll out in Illinois,




New Jersey & New York




If you are a store or restaurant owner and are interested to keep



NEWS INDIA TIMES, GUJARAT TIMES or DESI TALK



in your premises.



Call us at: 212-675-7515 ext. 102


or write to us at: 



subscription@newsindia-times.com



A D V E R T O R I A L


30



		        SEO Version
		        




Warning.
You are currently viewing the SEO version of !text.It has a number of design and functionality limitations.

We recommend viewing the Flash version or the basic HTML version of this publication.





                Table of Contents
              
|

                Flash Version
              





1...,20,21,22,23,24,25,26,27,28,29


31,32,33,34,35,36



Powered by FlippingBook














 













 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version

































 



 SomruS - The Original Indian Cream Liqueur Awarded Gold Medal at the Prestigious SIP International 
         










    










 













 











 



















SomruS - The Original Indian Cream Liqueur Awarded Gold Medal at the Prestigious SIP International Spirits Competition
        																																												
              











 News provided by
SomPriya Fine Spirits LLC  
Jun 14, 2016, 08:35 ET









 Share this article



























































CHICAGO, June 14, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Chicago-based SomPriya Fine Spirits is proud to accept the coveted Gold Medal from the prestigious SIP International Spirits Competition held in Newport Beach, CA on May 22, 2016.
Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160613/378368 Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160613/378369 













 
 










 
 



Internationally respected as the only honest consumer spirit competition, the SIP Awards is unique in its extensive screening and security measures which ensure the Judging Panel is comprised purely of everyday spirit consumers, not tainted with any endorsement, involvement or influence from the spirit industry. The SIP Awards presented the 98 member Consumer Judging Panel with a record-breaking 462 international brands, in over 59 categories, for a double blind tasting.   
SomruS, which is already rated in the 98th percentile of ALL liqueurs on the market according to Proof66.com, adds this Gold Medal to a long list of industry accomplishments including a 94 Point Rating by Wine Enthusiast and Top 50 Spirits of 2014 by the magazine which describes it as "creamy but light and…a palate-cleansing way to end a richly spiced meal." Others agree as noted by the New York Spirits International Competition who named SomruS "Cream Liqueur of the Year" for 2014, The Beverage Tasting Institute who awarded it a 94 Point Rating, and the China Wine & Spirits Awards (CWSA) 2015, who awarded the brand a Gold Medal.  Recently, SomruS was honored to be named a hot trend and "one of the most visited booths" at the 2016 NRA & BAR Show held in Chicago on May 22-23, 2016 by Crain's Chicago Business.
About SomruS, the World's First Indian Liqueur: SomruS is an intricate blend of pure dairy cream and hand-crafted rum with the distinctive eastern flavors of cardamom, saffron, almonds, pistachios and rose. The result is an all-natural, gluten-free and preservative-free liqueur with a two-year shelf life never before seen or tasted. SomruS can be savored on its own or incorporated into a delectable cocktail or dessert. It is also the first liqueur that pairs naturally with tea, either hot or cold. 
SomruS is housed in an exotic, gold-coated, UV protected, custom-made glass bottle which draws inspiration from an ancient Indian decanter, instantly setting it apart from anything else on the shelf. 
SomruS is currently sold by prominent distributors in IL, NJ, NY, CT and FL with plans to go nationwide in coming months. SomruS has been successful in retailers such as Whole Foods, Sam's Club, Binny's, Mariano's, Liquor Barn and Total Wine & More. It is also available online at www.SomruS.com. Internationally, SomruS is launching in Dubai later this summer and has entertained inquiries from the UK, India, Canada, Israel and several countries in Latin America. In July 2016, SomruS will launch its first global airline partnership with Sri Lankan Airlines. 
To learn more about SomruS, The Original Indian Cream Liqueur, visit www.somrus.com
To learn more about the SIP Awards, visit www.SIPAwards.com.
Media Contact: Pankaj Garg, Email, 630-699-7974
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/somrus---the-original-indian-cream-liqueur-awarded-gold-medal-at-the-prestigious-sip-international-spirits-competition-300283705.html
SOURCE  SomPriya Fine Spirits LLC 



 










My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





 You just read:
SomruS - The Original Indian Cream Liqueur Awarded Gold Medal at the Prestigious SIP International Spirits Competition


 News provided by
SomPriya Fine Spirits LLC  
Jun 14, 2016, 08:35 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In



















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 










Somrus-the Indian inspired decadent liqueur - Thoughtful India






















































Thoughtful India
Best of Global News for the Thoughtful Indian










BUSINESS
POLITICS
ENTERTAINMENT
LIFESTYLE
NAPERVILLE DIARY
 
RSS Feed
Twitter
Facebook








Somrus-the Indian inspired decadent liqueur

SOMPRIYA FINE SPIRITS, LLC Announces the Launch of SOMRUS, The Original Indian Cream Liqueur 
A first of its kind product to roll out in Illinois, New Jersey & New York
 
CHICAGO, IL – SEPTEMBER 2014 – Chicago-based SomPriya Fine Spirits, LLC will launch the brand’s first product this fall as they introduce SomruS, The Original Indian Cream Liqueur (www.somrus.com), a category-creating cordial bringing the flavors, history and culture of the Indian sub-continent to the U.S. on September 21, with initial distribution in Illinois, New Jersey, New York and online nationwide. Literally translated as “Nectar of The Gods” from ancient India, SomruS is an intricate blend of eastern spices, nuts and cream, combined with premium Caribbean rum resulting in an all-natural, gluten-free and Kosher liqueur never before seen or tasted. An initial run of 15,000 bottles will hit stores, just in time for Diwali, the Indian “Festival of Lights,” as well as the Thanksgiving and Christmas holidays.
 
As is the case with most great inventions, SomruS was created as the result of an ‘ah-ha’ moment – one at 33,000 feet to satisfy a craving! Aboard a flight returning to the U.S. from India, founder Pankaj Garg yearned for a libation that would complement the flavors of his Indian-inspired dinner.  Alas, Bailey’s was the only liqueur available, which led to that life altering moment when Pankaj wondered why there was not a liqueur that emanated from the delectable flavors and tastes of the Indian subcontinent, some one-fifth of the world’s population.  Turning his back on years of management consulting, Pankaj, along with his wife Swati, set out to fill the void with a product that conjures up the flavors and culture of their native land; one that can be savored on its own, can lend its intriguing taste and texture to a cocktail or even be incorporated into a dessert.
 
“We’re eager to introduce a new liqueur to the market that is the first of its kind, all the while creating a family business,” said Pankaj Garg. “The Indian flavors are so unique and rich and it is our belief that, up until now, they have been ignored in relation to spirits and liqueurs.  We are thrilled to introduce India’s vast culinary heritage in a liquid form to the world.”
 
SomruS reinvents the taste, tranquility and excitement of drinking the mythical potion of the Gods, once thought to be a cure for aging and degeneration. Although this new incarnation may not guarantee immortality, the fragrant, smooth concoction artfully blends pure dairy cream and hand-crafted Caribbean rum with the distinctive flavors of cardamom, saffron, almonds, pistachios and rose.  All indelibly etched on the palates of those who enjoy Indian cuisine or the exotic culture of the Eastern Hemisphere.
 
The industry is already abuzz about the new liqueur as Wine Enthusiast – the preeminent authority on the subject – awarded SomruS a prestigious score of 94, pronouncing it “creamy but light and…a palate-cleansing way to end a richly spiced meal.”  They continued by saying, “The ornate gold and red bottle is an eye-catcher, too.” This rating puts the product in the ‘Top Shelf or Outstanding’ category of spirits, meaning it has superior character and style, and will be included in the magazine’s October buying guide.
 
The exotic gold-coated 750ml bottle matches the magic of what it contains. The UV protected, custom-made glass bottle draws inspiration from an ancient Indian decanter, instantly setting it apart from anything else on the shelf. The suggested retail price range is $24.99 to $29.99 depending on the state and local taxes.
 
For more information about SomruS, please visit www.somrus.com
 
# # #
Media Contact: Lanny Grossman, EM50 Communications, 646.833.8106, [email protected]
Share this:Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)Click to print (Opens in new window) facebook comments: 
Related posts:
Why do we complain about everything indian? 
Indian Doctors Being Prevented From Coming to US 












Popular on Facebook Thoughtful India


Most popular posts 

 36-year-old woman sexually offends a 11-year-old boy 
 Major Accident in Theme Park Adlabs Imagica on Mumbai-Pune Highway 
 Book Review: The Laws of the Spirit World by Khorshed Bhavnagri 
 How you sleep says a lot about you 
 Some Of The Anti Corruption Cartoons Of Aseem Trivedi 
 Crazy things people do to make their Facebook posts/YouTube videos go viral 
 How Aldi Makes Money and Stays Cheap 
 Indian Taliban – College expels Girl student for having a boyfriend in room 
 Robotics Summer Camp in Naperville 
 Russians revolt against Putin 


 
On TwitterFollow @thoughtfulindia


thoughtfulindia
@thoughtfulindia

Crazy things people do to make their Facebook posts/YouTube videos go viral https://t.co/5pAiK9R663about 2 weeks ago 
Robotics Summer Camp in Naperville https://t.co/qXCnUM5QeYabout 2 months ago 
Bill Cosby to face Trial on June 5 https://t.co/kvt6XJlQ80about 2 months ago 
Townhouse Books and Café in St. Charles, IL – A review by SAGA* https://t.co/JXfGVQ9Pvoabout 3 months ago 
Tesla to launch in India this year https://t.co/eNIdlH0zfeabout 5 months ago 

 















Site Managed by Ansysoft - Analyze System
Privacy Policy









Send to Email Address

Your Name

Your Email Address





Cancel

				Post was not sent - check your email addresses!			

				Email check failed, please try again			

				Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.			









Read previous post:Dad Makes Bullied Goth Teen Daughter Feel Loved in the Most Amazing WayBack to school is stressful, for some kids it could be a nightmare , the fear of getting teased because...Close





	SomruS Original Indian Cream Liqueur USA Spirits Review | Tastings

































































Contact Us

About Us













TASTINGS powered by the beverage testing institute since 1981 



















Click Here to Sign Up for our Tastings Newsletter. 






reviews

Latest Reviews
2015 Reviews
2014 Reviews
2013 Reviews
2012 Reviews


learn

About Spirits
About Wine
About Beer


regions

Spirits By Country
Wine By Country
Beer By Country


spotlight

Spirits Best Buys
Wine Best Buys
Wine Cellar Selections
Beer Cellar Selections
Drinks Of The Week
Giveaways


Events 
"The Slurp"
Video


































Full Review






Buy It Now



                                    SomruS
                                    
                                    Original Indian Cream Liqueur
                                

Category:
                                    Cream Liqueur
                                    

                                        Date Tasted:
                                    9/8/2015


                                        Country:
                                    USA
                                    

                                        Alcohol:
                                    13.5%
                                    








Buy It Now














                                        94 Points
                                    


                                    Gold Medal
                                

                                    Exceptional
                                

                                    $24.99
                                


















                        SomruS
                        
                        Original Indian Cream Liqueur
                    

Category:
                        Cream Liqueur
                        

                            Date Tasted:
                        9/8/2015


                            Country:
                        USA
                        

                            Alcohol:
                        13.5%
                        











                            Creamy clear color. Rich, complex aromas of cardamom and lemon yogurt with an oily, bright, sweet medium body and a seamless, layered, medium-long rose water pastry, sweet cream, and Indian spice cake finish. A vibrant and rather unique Indian spiced cream liqueur.
                        

























                            Tasting Info
                        








Style:
                                        

                                            Complex & spicy
                                        





Aroma:
                                        

                                            cardamom and lemon yogurt
                                        





Flavor:
                                        

                                            rose water pastry, sweet cream, and Indian spice cake
                                        





Smoothness:
                                        

                                            Smooth
                                        





Finish:
                                        

                                            Normal
                                        





Enjoy:
                                        

                                            on the rocks and neat
                                        





Bottom Line:
                                        

                                            A vibrant and rather unique Indian spiced cream liqueur.
                                        
















                                The Producer or  Importer
                            




                                SomPriya Fine Spirits LLC
                            





                                    18W140 Butterfield Road
                                



                                    Villa Park, IL 60181
                                

                                    USA
                                

                                    1 630-699-7974 
                                

www.somrus.com



















                                Cream Liqueur
                            






                                    Serve in a Rocks Glass
                                


                                Cream Liqueur, quite simply is a liqueur that has dairy cream added to a liquor. The most famous examples  come from Ireland; they have a base of Irish whiskey; there are also version from Scotland, Canada, the US and several other countries.Most of these cream liqueurs are in the 14% to 17% alcoholic range and are medium-sweet with flavors such as nougat, praline and chocolate. Most are served over the rocks. The category took off in the 1970s and although not as wildly popular today, it has remained strong. 
                            














                            More Products
                        







94 • 
 

SomruS Original Indian Cream Liqueur 13.5%
 (USA) $24.99.   











                        Top Rated for
                        Cream Liqueur
                    






1




BOM BOM Coco Mochanut
USA
$24.99










2




Sassy Girl Rum C.R.E.A.M
USA
$16.99










3




La Crema Especial Horchata Liqueur
USA
$14.99










4




SomruS Original Indian Cream Liqueur
USA
$24.99










5




Jackson Morgan Southern Cream Peppermint Mocha Liqueur
USA
$22.99










6




Jackson Morgan Southern Cream Southern Bread Pudding Liqueur
USA
$22.99










7




RYAN'S Irish Style Cream Liqueur
USA
$12.99










8




Sheelin White Chocolate Liqueur
Ireland
$9.99










9




Sovrano Limoncello Cream
New Zealand
$39.00










10




Merrys Irish Cream Liqueur
Ireland
$10.99










11




Kirkland Signature Irish Cream Liqueur
Ireland
$16.99










12




Kirkland Signature Egg Nog Liqueur
USA
$9.99










13




Fennelly's Cappuccino Cream Liqueur
Ireland
$13.99










14




Forty Creek Cream Liqueur
Canada
$25.00


















TOP RATED FOR CATEGORY
BEST BUYS FOR CATEGORY










                        Best Buys for
                        Cream Liqueur
                    






1




Sassy Girl Rum C.R.E.A.M
USA
$16.99










2




La Crema Especial Horchata Liqueur
USA
$14.99










3




Jackson Morgan Southern Cream Peppermint Mocha Liqueur
USA
$22.99










4




Jackson Morgan Southern Cream Southern Bread Pudding Liqueur
USA
$22.99










5




RYAN'S Irish Style Cream Liqueur
USA
$12.99










6




Sheelin White Chocolate Liqueur
Ireland
$9.99










7




Merrys Irish Cream Liqueur
Ireland
$10.99










8




Kirkland Signature Irish Cream Liqueur
Ireland
$16.99










9




Kirkland Signature Egg Nog Liqueur
USA
$9.99










10




Fennelly's Cappuccino Cream Liqueur
Ireland
$13.99










11




Kavanagh Irish Cream Liqueur
Ireland
$11.99










12




Mary Hite Bowman Caramel Cream Liqueur
USA
$19.99










13




Barton Chocolate Bourbon Ball Cream Liqueur
USA
$19.99










14




Buffalo Trace Bourbon Cream Liqueur
USA
$19.99

















TOP RATED FOR CATEGORY
BEST BUYS FOR CATEGORY







                SomruS Original Indian Cream Liqueur
                rating was calculated by
            tastings.com
                to be
            94
                points out of 100 on
            9/8/2015. Please note that MSRP may have changed since the date of our review.
            





































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 



Sompriya Fine Spirits, LLC Announces the Launch of SOMRUS, The Original Indian Cream Liqueur  - BevNET.com






 













 






























































BevNET



 

]">

 








Sompriya Fine Spirits, LLC Announces the Launch of SOMRUS, The Original Indian Cream Liqueur

Press Release Sep. 10, 2014 at 5:16 pm









        More 











A first of its kind product to roll out in Illinois, New Jersey & New York
CHICAGO, IL – SEPTEMBER 2014 – Chicago-based SomPriya Fine Spirits, LLC will launch the brand’s first product this fall as they introduce SomruS, The Original Indian Cream Liqueur (www.somrus.com), a category-creating cordial bringing the flavors, history and culture of the Indian sub-continent to the U.S. on September 21, with initial distribution in Illinois, New Jersey, New York and online nationwide. Literally translated as “Nectar of The Gods” from ancient India, SomruS is an intricate blend of eastern spices, nuts and cream, combined with premium Caribbean rum resulting in an all-natural, gluten-free and Kosher liqueur never before seen or tasted. An initial run of 15,000 bottles will hit stores, just in time for Diwali, the Indian “Festival of Lights,” as well as the Thanksgiving and Christmas holidays.

As is the case with most great inventions, SomruS was created as the result of an ‘ah-ha’ moment – one at 33,000 feet to satisfy a craving! Aboard a flight returning to the U.S. from India, founder Pankaj Garg yearned for a libation that would complement the flavors of his Indian-inspired dinner.  Alas, Bailey’s was the only liqueur available, which led to that life altering moment when Pankaj wondered why there was not a liqueur that emanated from the delectable flavors and tastes of the Indian subcontinent, some one-fifth of the world’s population.  Turning his back on years of management consulting, Pankaj, along with his wife Swati, set out to fill the void with a product that conjures up the flavors and culture of their native land; one that can be savored on its own, can lend its intriguing taste and texture to a cocktail or even be incorporated into a dessert.
“We’re eager to introduce a new liqueur to the market that is the first of its kind, all the while creating a family business,” said Pankaj Garg. “The Indian flavors are so unique and rich and it is our belief that, up until now, they have been ignored in relation to spirits and liqueurs.  We are thrilled to introduce India’s vast culinary heritage in a liquid form to the world.”
SomruS reinvents the taste, tranquility and excitement of drinking the mythical potion of the Gods, once thought to be a cure for aging and degeneration. Although this new incarnation may not guarantee immortality, the fragrant, smooth concoction artfully blends pure dairy cream and hand-crafted Caribbean rum with the distinctive flavors of cardamom, saffron, almonds, pistachios and rose.  All indelibly etched on the palates of those who enjoy Indian cuisine or the exotic culture of the Eastern Hemisphere.
The industry is already abuzz about the new liqueur as Wine Enthusiast – the preeminent authority on the subject – awarded SomruS a prestigious score of 94, pronouncing it “creamy but light and…a palate-cleansing way to end a richly spiced meal.”  They continued by saying, “The ornate gold and red bottle is an eye-catcher, too.” This rating puts the product in the ‘Top Shelf or Outstanding’ category of spirits, meaning it has superior character and style, and will be included in the magazine’s October buying guide.
The exotic gold-coated bottle matches the magic of what it contains. The UV protected, custom-made glass bottle draws inspiration from an ancient Indian decanter, instantly setting it apart from anything else on the shelf. SomruS will be distributed by Southern Wine & Spirits in Illinois, Fedway Associates in New Jersey and Park Street Imports in New York and California. SomruS will be available in a six-pack case with a retail price per 750ml bottle of $24.99 – $29.00.
For more information about SomruS, please visit www.somrus.com
 
 









 



Latest News









				Taste Radio Ep. 68: Talking Innovative Ventures and Investments with Owl’s Brew and 301INC			


 







				Earnings: Amazon Invests In Growth			


 







				Press Clips: Beverage Execs Ask for Aluminum Tariff Exception			


 

SPONSORED POST






				Video: Scott Uzzell Talks VEB’s Past 10 Years & Predicts Industry Future			


 

 







Marketplace










Custom Beverage Formulation and Consulting Serv...


 


 


Featured Jobs










Sales Manager (Triangle/Coast Region) - Wicked ...


 








Brewer wanted at Stony Creek Brewery - Stony Cr...


 








Philadelphia Brewery Sales Representative - Cap...


 








East Bay Craft Cider Sales Representative - Gol...


 








Sacramento Craft Cider Sales Representative - G...


 








Packaging Assistant Manager, Canning  - Deschut...


 


 


Additional News









							VMG Closes New $550M Fund						


 







							Protein2o Adds Gatorade Vets, $4M						


 







							WTRMLN WTR Facing Class Action Suit						


 







							Video: Bill Moses On Growing KeVita						


 








Beverage Industry Jobs



Outside Sales Representative - GURU Organic Energy
Sales Manager (Triangle/Coast Region) - Wicked Weed Brewing
Brewer wanted at Stony Creek Brewery - Stony Creek Brewery 
Microbiologist - Summit Brewing Co






Subscribe to BevNET's Daily Newsletter









Recent Articles




Features
Newswire
Spirits
Beer





Taste Radio Ep. 68: Talking Innovative Ventures and Investments with Owl’s Brew and 301INC
Amazon Invests In Growth; Whole Foods Posts Losses
Press Clips: Beverage Execs Ask for Aluminum Tariff Exception
VMG Closes New $550M Fund to Invest In Entrepreneurial Brands
Protein2o Adds Gatorade Vets, $4 Million in New Funding
WTRMLN WTR Targeted In Class Action Suit
Video: Bill Moses On Starting, Growing, Disrupting and Selling KeVita




Pure Leaf Launches Content Series
SHARK Energy Announces Plans for New Flavors
Sweettauk Lemonade Does Away with Sugar
Positive Energy Launches at Lucky Supermarkets
Review: Humm Kombucha’s Seasonal Hopped Grapefruit
Mariah Fineman Appointed as President for ​iDrink Beverages
Coca-Cola Zero Sugar Launches in U.S. with New and Improved Real Coca-Cola Taste




James E. Pepper Distillery in Lexington, KY Receives Historic Distillery License
Heaven Hill Distillery Releases 2017 Parker’s Heritage Collection
IBHL Appoints Steph Ridgway as Manager of Brand Education
Catoctin Creek Distilling Company Spirits to Enter Pennsylvania in September
Heaven Hill Brands to Acquire Carolan’s Irish Cream Liqueur, Irish Mist Liqueur
Copper & Kings American Brandy Co. Adds Five New Markets
Bardstown Bourbon Company Appoints John J. Mack to Board of Directors




Ballast Point to Open Chicago Brewpub in 2018
Church Street Brewing Company to Release Heavenly Helles with New Label
Anheuser-Busch InBev Names New North America VP of Legal and Corporate Affairs
Mill Street Still and Brew’s Beer and Vodka to be Distributed by New West Distributing
Last Call: Alcohol Suppliers Fined Millions in Pennsylvania; Total Wine Scores a Win in Massachusetts
Breakthru Beverage Moves into Massive New Colorado Facility
Genesee Brew House Releases Grüngeist Pale Ale in Pilot Batch Series








Upcoming Events








BevNET Live Winter 2017

Santa Monica, CA • Dec 4 - 5, 2017




 






NOSH Live Winter 2017

Santa Monica, CA • November 30, 2017




 






Brewbound Session Winter 2017

Santa Monica, CA • Nov. 29, 2017




 








BevNET.com



 
 




















Follow Us:








Free E-Newsletters:


 BevNET Daily


 Project NOSH (Natural Food)


 Brewbound.com (Craft Beer)




 


BevNET Beverage School is an on-demand, video-based learning tool and online community designed for entrepreneurs and newcomers to the food and beverage industry.

 


Click to View Current Issue
Published 8x per year, BevNET Magazine is the leading industry magazine for analysis of trends, innovation, marketing, and product development.

 


The BevNET Podcast is now Taste Radio, the podcast for the beverage, food and beer industries. New episodes every Friday.






Somrus Fine Spirits LLC































