

Sonora Investment Management, LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 4:43 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Sonora Investment Management, LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Sonora Investment Management, LLC is an employee owned investment manager. The firm also provides estate, retirement, and financial planning services. It primarily provides its services to individuals. The firm also caters to high net worth individuals, trusts, pension and profit sharing plans, and corporations. It manages separate client-focused equity and fixed income portfolios. The firm invests in public equity and fixed income markets of the United States. It invests in growth stocks of companies. For its fixed income investments, the firm invests in corporate bonds and convertible securities, including convertible preferred stocks. It employs fundamental analysis and technical analysis...
Sonora Investment Management, LLC is an employee owned investment manager. The firm also provides estate, retirement, and financial planning services. It primarily provides its services to individuals. The firm also caters to high net worth individuals, trusts, pension and profit sharing plans, and corporations. It manages separate client-focused equity and fixed income portfolios. The firm invests in public equity and fixed income markets of the United States. It invests in growth stocks of companies. For its fixed income investments, the firm invests in corporate bonds and convertible securities, including convertible preferred stocks. It employs fundamental analysis and technical analysis with a bottoms-up approach to create its portfolios. The firm utilizes in-house research to make its investments. Sonora Investment Management, LLC was founded in August 1986 and is based in Tucson, Arizona with an additional office in Phoenix, Arizona.
Detailed Description


2343 East Broadway BoulevardSuite 116Tucson, AZ 85719-6007United StatesFounded in 1986



Phone: 520-624-4554

Fax: 520-624-1401

www.invmgmt.com







Key Executives for Sonora Investment Management, LLC




Mr. Hugh Bradley Toland Jr.


      	Member and Partner
      


Age: 66
        







Mr. Douglas R. Rogers CPA


      	Member and Partner
      


Age: 65
        







Ms. Tana K. McKasson


      	Director of Trading and Operations
      








Mr. L. Graham Gaines IV


      	Partner
      


Age: 57
        







Mr. Timothy Duane Wilcox


      	Member and Partner
      


Age: 46
        




Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Sonora Investment Management, LLC, please visit www.invmgmt.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





































Sonora Investment Management, LLC Buys Salesforce.com Inc, Salesforce. ... - Nasdaq.com

















































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search










































Sonora Investment Management, LLC Buys Salesforce.com Inc, Salesforce. ...


July 21, 2017, 08:38:02 AM EDT
By insider, GuruFocus









































Shutterstock photo


Sonora Investment Management, LLCCharles SchwabNew Purchases: WPM , JPMPRG , IWB , PK, RA, CERN, VEA, HIW, GMRE, SHOP,Added Positions:CRM, CRM, MSFT, BBTPRH, ORCL, MGP, SCHWPRD, RTN, CSCO, JNJ,Reduced Positions:GE, HP, QCOM, BMY, BMY, CSX, F, F, CGNX, RDS.A,Sold Out:USBPRNCL, SUN, VIAB, WWAV, HZNP, DFT, CST, BRFS, SBY, PTNDY,For the details of Sonora Investment Management, LLC's stock buys and sells, go to http://www.gurufocus.com/StockBuy.php?GuruName=Sonora+Investment+Management%2C+LLCThese are the top 5 holdings of Sonora Investment Management, LLCApple Inc ( AAPL ) - 73,641 shares, 4.48% of the total portfolio. Shares added by 3.20%Qualcomm Inc ( QCOM ) - 157,096 shares, 3.66% of the total portfolio. Shares reduced by 4.96%Microsoft Corp ( MSFT ) - 113,873 shares, 3.32% of the total portfolio. Shares added by 52.07%Corning Inc ( GLW ) - 232,239 shares, 2.95% of the total portfolio. Shares added by 0.15%Wells Fargo & Co ( WFC ) - 118,321 shares, 2.77% of the total portfolio. Shares added by 1.59%New Purchase: Wheaton Precious Metals Corp (WPM)Sonora Investment Management, LLC initiated holdings in Wheaton Precious Metals Corp. The purchase prices were between $18.93 and $22, with an estimated average price of $20.47. The stock is now traded at around $20.00. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.08%. The holdings were 9,907 shares as of 2017-06-30.New Purchase: JPMorgan Chase & Co (JPMPRG)Sonora Investment Management, LLC initiated holdings in JPMorgan Chase & Co. The purchase prices were between $26.49 and $27.29, with an estimated average price of $27. The stock is now traded at around $27.05. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.06%. The holdings were 5,150 shares as of 2017-06-30.New Purchase: Brookfield Real Assets Income Fund Inc. (RA)Sonora Investment Management, LLC initiated holdings in Brookfield Real Assets Income Fund Inc.. The purchase prices were between $22.78 and $23.75, with an estimated average price of $23.35. The stock is now traded at around $23.49. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.02%. The holdings were 2,500 shares as of 2017-06-30.New Purchase: Vanguard FTSE Developed Markets (VEA)Sonora Investment Management, LLC initiated holdings in Vanguard FTSE Developed Markets. The purchase prices were between $38.8 and $42.22, with an estimated average price of $40.73. The stock is now traded at around $42.43. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.02%. The holdings were 896 shares as of 2017-06-30.New Purchase: Cerner Corp (CERN)Sonora Investment Management, LLC initiated holdings in Cerner Corp. The purchase prices were between $58.31 and $68.32, with an estimated average price of $63.77. The stock is now traded at around $65.46. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.02%. The holdings were 800 shares as of 2017-06-30.New Purchase: iShares Russell 1000 (IWB)Sonora Investment Management, LLC initiated holdings in iShares Russell 1000. The purchase prices were between $129.47 and $136.74, with an estimated average price of $133.45. The stock is now traded at around $137.46. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.02%. The holdings were 346 shares as of 2017-06-30.Added: Salesforce.com Inc (CRM)Sonora Investment Management, LLC added to the holdings in Salesforce.com Inc by 16889.52%. The purchase prices were between $49.69 and $52.94, with an estimated average price of $51.48. The stock is now traded at around $89.56. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 1.23%. The holdings were 56,745 shares as of 2017-06-30.Added: Salesforce.com Inc (CRM)Sonora Investment Management, LLC added to the holdings in Salesforce.com Inc by 16889.52%. The purchase prices were between $49.69 and $52.94, with an estimated average price of $51.48. The stock is now traded at around $89.56. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 1.23%. The holdings were 56,745 shares as of 2017-06-30.Added: Microsoft Corp ( MSFT )Sonora Investment Management, LLC added to the holdings in Microsoft Corp by 52.07%. The purchase prices were between $64.95 and $72.52, with an estimated average price of $68.6. The stock is now traded at around $74.22. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 1.14%. The holdings were 113,873 shares as of 2017-06-30.Added: BB&T Corp (BBTPRH)Sonora Investment Management, LLC added to the holdings in BB&T Corp by 2559.00%. The purchase prices were between $25.21 and $26.98, with an estimated average price of $26.02. The stock is now traded at around $26.88. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.29%. The holdings were 26,590 shares as of 2017-06-30.Added: Oracle Corp (ORCL)Sonora Investment Management, LLC added to the holdings in Oracle Corp by 98.30%. The purchase prices were between $44 and $50.95, with an estimated average price of $45.49. The stock is now traded at around $51.13. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.28%. The holdings were 26,632 shares as of 2017-06-30.Added: MGM Growth Properties LLC (MGP)Sonora Investment Management, LLC added to the holdings in MGM Growth Properties LLC by 75.44%. The purchase prices were between $26.94 and $29.6, with an estimated average price of $28.28. The stock is now traded at around $28.79. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.21%. The holdings were 39,070 shares as of 2017-06-30.Sold Out: US Bancorp (USBPRNCL)Sonora Investment Management, LLC sold out the holdings in US Bancorp. The sale prices were between $24.97 and $25, with an estimated average price of $24.99.Sold Out: Sunoco Logistics Partners LP (SUN)Sonora Investment Management, LLC sold out the holdings in Sunoco Logistics Partners LP. The sale prices were between $21.5 and $22.84, with an estimated average price of $22.09.Sold Out: Viacom Inc (VIAB)Sonora Investment Management, LLC sold out the holdings in Viacom Inc. The sale prices were between $33.65 and $46.62, with an estimated average price of $38.27.Sold Out: Horizon Pharma PLC (HZNP)Sonora Investment Management, LLC sold out the holdings in Horizon Pharma PLC. The sale prices were between $9.65 and $15.75, with an estimated average price of $12.49.Sold Out: The WhiteWave Foods Co (WWAV)Sonora Investment Management, LLC sold out the holdings in The WhiteWave Foods Co. The sale prices were between $56.15 and $56.24, with an estimated average price of $56.21.Sold Out: BRF SA (BRFS)Sonora Investment Management, LLC sold out the holdings in BRF SA. The sale prices were between $11.64 and $14.44, with an estimated average price of $12.81.Reduced: General Electric Co (GE)Sonora Investment Management, LLC reduced to the holdings in General Electric Co by 97.32%. The sale prices were between $27.02 and $30.27, with an estimated average price of $28.65. The stock is now traded at around $26.69. The impact to the portfolio due to this sale was -0.49%. Sonora Investment Management, LLC still held 1,000 shares as of 2017-06-30.Reduced: Helmerich & Payne Inc (HP)Sonora Investment Management, LLC reduced to the holdings in Helmerich & Payne Inc by 21.92%. The sale prices were between $50.08 and $69.08, with an estimated average price of $58.83. The stock is now traded at around $57.26. The impact to the portfolio due to this sale was -0.31%. Sonora Investment Management, LLC still held 36,705 shares as of 2017-06-30.Reduced: Bristol-Myers Squibb Company (BMY)Sonora Investment Management, LLC reduced to the holdings in Bristol-Myers Squibb Company by 84.3%. The sale prices were between $104.78 and $113.53, with an estimated average price of $108.96. The stock is now traded at around $55.07. The impact to the portfolio due to this sale was -0.2%. Sonora Investment Management, LLC still held 1,525 shares as of 2017-06-30.Reduced: Bristol-Myers Squibb Company (BMY)Sonora Investment Management, LLC reduced to the holdings in Bristol-Myers Squibb Company by 84.3%. The sale prices were between $104.78 and $113.53, with an estimated average price of $108.96. The stock is now traded at around $55.07. The impact to the portfolio due to this sale was -0.2%. Sonora Investment Management, LLC still held 1,525 shares as of 2017-06-30.Reduced: United Technologies Corp (F)Sonora Investment Management, LLC reduced to the holdings in United Technologies Corp by 81.09%. The sale prices were between $111.93 and $122.5, with an estimated average price of $118.85. The stock is now traded at around $11.70. The impact to the portfolio due to this sale was -0.02%. Sonora Investment Management, LLC still held 768 shares as of 2017-06-30.Reduced: Royal Dutch Shell PLC (RDS.A)Sonora Investment Management, LLC reduced to the holdings in Royal Dutch Shell PLC by 68.46%. The sale prices were between $51.21 and $56.16, with an estimated average price of $53.55. The stock is now traded at around $54.34. The impact to the portfolio due to this sale was -0.02%. Sonora Investment Management, LLC still held 334 shares as of 2017-06-30.Warning! GuruFocus has detected 4 Warning Signs with CRM. Click here to check it out.CRM 15-Year Financial DataThe intrinsic value of CRMPeter Lynch Chart of CRMPremium MembersThis article first appeared on GuruFocus .



The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.











This article appears in:
Investing                           
                            
                                , Stocks





Referenced Symbols:

                                        AAPL
                                    
, 

                                        QCOM
                                    
, 

                                        MSFT
                                    
, 

                                        GLW
                                    
, 

                                        WFC
                                    












More from GuruFocus



Subscribe




This Powerful Chart Made Peter Lynch 29% A Year For 13 Years
Are CEOs Buying?
Market Overvalued, How to Invest?














Related Stocks Articles




Subscribe







Close Update: Wall Street Recoups Some Losses But Nasdaq Posts Second Straight Decline


						7/28/2017 04:25 PM
					



Update: TSX Loses 62 Points in Broad-Based Decline; Loonie Jumps Above 80 Cents US on Strong GDP Data


						7/28/2017 04:08 PM
					



Wall Street Recoups Some Losses But Nasdaq Heads for Second Straight Decline


						7/28/2017 03:56 PM
					














Contributor:GuruFocus
Stock Picks, Portfolios



Follow on:

























Most Popular




Highest Rated








Mitel To Acquire ShoreTel - Quick Facts
Sientra Completes Acquisition of Miramar Labs®
Seagate Technology PLC Q4 Profit Rises 174%
LedgerX gets U.S. approval for derivatives on digital currencies
U.S. Fines Frontier, American And Delta For Violating Consumer







Shareholders Approve Major Structural Change to Top Performing...
Yatra Attains Leadership Position in Corporate Travel With the...
Mitel To Acquire ShoreTel - Quick Facts
Miller Heiman Group Selects CallidusCloud Datahug for Pipeline...
Tractor Supply Company Reports Second Quarter Results




View All Highest Rated






















Research Brokers before you trade



		Compare Online Brokers
	


Want to trade FX?



		Visit our Forex Broker Center 
	
















Find a Credit Card



                    Select a credit card product by:
                


 Card Type
 Credit Score
 Card Issuer



                    Select an offer:
                





0% APR Credit CardsAirline Credit CardsBalance Transfer Credit CardsBusiness Credit CardsCash Back Credit CardsCharge CardsCharge Cards for BusinessEMV Smart ChipsGas Cards & Auto RewardsHome Improvement Rewards Credit CardsInstant Approval Credit CardsLow Interest Credit CardsNo Annual Fee Credit CardsNo Foreign Transaction Fee Credit CardsPoints Rewards Credit CardsPrepaid & Debit CardsReward Credit CardsStudent Credit CardsTop 10 Best Credit Card Deals and Offers




Bad CreditCredit Quality AverageCredit Quality ExcellentCredit Quality FairCredit Quality GoodLimited or No Credit HistoryPersonal Loans




American ExpressAmerican Express Airline CardsAmerican Express Business CardsAmerican Express Cash Back Credit CardsAmerican Express Charge CardsBarclaycardCapital OneCapital One Cash BackCapital One Fair CreditCapital One MilesCapital One PointsCapital One Prepaid Credit CardsChaseCiti Credit CardsDiscoverDiscover CashbackDiscover MilesDiscover Student Credit CardsMasterCard Credit CardsU.S. BankUSAAUSAA SavingsVisa Credit Cards







Search





Data Provided by BankRate.com






Stocks

Referenced





AAPL








86%



Rate It





QCOM








86%



Rate It





MSFT








84%



Rate It





GLW








96%



Rate It





WFC








85%



Rate It































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX





















































Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Sonora Investment Management, LLC                                                                                        - Tucson                                            , AZ         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



AZ



Tucson



Investment Advice



Investment Advisory Service



                            Sonora Investment Management, LLC
                                    



 





















S 


Sonora Investment Management, LLC                                                                                       
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



2343 E BROADWAY BLVD # 116 TUCSON, AZ 85719
Get Directions



(520) 624-4554
www.invmgmt.com                                                                                         





Business Info



 Founded 1986
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $510,000.00
 Employee Count 5
 Industries Investment Advisory Service
 Contacts Doug Rogers                                                                                                             







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Sonora Investment Management, Llc                                                                                        was founded in 1986, and is located at 2343 E Broadway Blvd # 116 in Tucson. Additional information is available at www.invmgmt.com                                                                                          or by contacting Doug Rogers                                                                                                              at (520) 624-4554. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







S

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Sonora Investment Management LLC | Wealthminder











































Sonora Investment Management LLC


Sonora Investment Management LLC
(CRD# 106538) is a financial advisory firm headquartered in
Tucson, AZ.
They
manage $402,315,162 in 1,401 accounts and
serve the financial needs of clients across 21 states (or territories).




Current Firm Details



Sonora Investment Management LLC




2343 E Broadway, Ste 116,
Tucson,
AZ
85719
520-624-4554
http://www.invmgmt.com




http://www.invmgmt.com







By the Numbers






Total Assets Under Management

402
MILLION



Total Number of Accounts

1,401
ACCOUNTS



Average Account Value

$287,163







Compensation Options




A percentage of assets under your management






Advisory Services Offered




Portfolio management for individuals and/or small businesses








Types of Clients










Registered States






Registered Investment Advisor


Advisors affiliated with a RIA are permitted to work with up to five clients in nearly-all states* without explicit registration. The map below shows states where this firm has explicit registration only.




AK, AR, AZ, CA, CO, GA, MI, MN, MT, NC, ND, NM, NV, OK, OR, SD, TX, VA, WA, WI, WV






Financial Advisors at Sonora Investment Management LLC




Showing 1 - 3 of 3 top financial advisors.





1















Michael H. Arko



CRD#:
4610851



2343 E Broadway, Ste 116,
Tucson,
AZ
85719




90

Wealthminder
score








Michael Arko (CRD# 4610851) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Sonora Investment Management LLC in Tucson, AZ and has 
over 5 years
of experience in the finance industry.






2















Noah S. Putnam



CRD#:
6632319



11220 N Tatum Blvd Suite 103,
Phoenix,
AZ
85028




90

Wealthminder
score








Noah Putnam (CRD# 6632319) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Sonora Investment Management LLC in Phoenix, AZ and has 
1 year
of experience in the finance industry.






3















Sara S. Ramos



CRD#:
4047128



2343 E Broadway, Ste 116,
Tucson,
AZ
85719




90

Wealthminder
score








Sara Ramos (CRD# 4047128) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Sonora Investment Management LLC in Tucson, AZ and has 
over 17 years
of experience in the finance industry.













Our primary data source is public filings of Form ADV as published by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and made available in accordance with the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). Supplementary information may be provided by listed advisors or their representatives.
Because many firms provide a variety of products or services, an individual may or may not be registered to operate under all services provided by the firm.Do not rely solely on the information on this page. The information may be inaccurate, incomplete or outdated. For the most accurate and up-to-date information, please search for the firm or individual on the SEC site at
http://www.adviserinfo.sec.gov/IAPD/Content/Search/iapd_Search.aspx







Ready to hire a financial advisor?

Get competitive proposals from multiple advisors.

















Request Proposals























Timeout!



You have been idle and will be logged out in

seconds.


Stay Logged In
Log Out Now
















	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started
















































Sonora Investment Management, LLC Buys Emerson Electric Co, BB&T Corp, W.W. ... - Nasdaq.com

















































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search










































Sonora Investment Management, LLC Buys Emerson Electric Co, BB&T Corp, W.W. ...


January 12, 2017, 06:38:01 AM EDT
By insider, GuruFocus









































Shutterstock photo


Sonora Investment Management, LLCNew Purchases: HP , ACAD , TECK , IVV, KRE, MNRO, HSIC, IRT, YUMC, ON,Added Positions:EMR, BBT, GWW, USB, CINF, INTC, LEG, PNC, GOOG, CSCO,Reduced Positions:SSW, VZ, WFCPRR, PNCPRP, VLO, CVS, GILD, RSG, QCOM, FB,Sold Out:ILMN, RBAZ, NXPI, KKR, E, LNKD, TAP, MUB, SODA, WNR,For the details of Sonora Investment Management, LLC's stock buys and sells, go to http://www.gurufocus.com/StockBuy.php?GuruName=Sonora+Investment+Management%2C+LLCThese are the top 5 holdings of Sonora Investment Management, LLCQualcomm Inc ( QCOM ) - 169,537 shares, 5.44% of the total portfolio. Shares reduced by 2.2%Apple Inc ( AAPL ) - 71,952 shares, 4.1% of the total portfolio. Shares reduced by 2%CSX Corp ( CSX ) - 204,820 shares, 3.62% of the total portfolio. Shares added by 1.16%Wells Fargo & Co ( WFC ) - 113,751 shares, 3.09% of the total portfolio. Shares reduced by 1.36%Corning Inc ( GLW ) - 241,866 shares, 2.89% of the total portfolio. Shares reduced by 1.9%New Purchase: Helmerich & Payne Inc (HP)Sonora Investment Management, LLC initiated holdings in Helmerich & Payne Inc. The purchase prices were between $62.17 and $83.46, with an estimated average price of $71.03. The stock is now traded at around $79.63. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.7%. The holdings were 18,465 shares as of 2016-12-31.New Purchase: iShares Core S&P 500 (IVV)Sonora Investment Management, LLC initiated holdings in iShares Core S&P 500. The purchase prices were between $209.67 and $228.5, with an estimated average price of $218.11. The stock is now traded at around $228.41. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.03%. The holdings were 278 shares as of 2016-12-31.New Purchase: ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc (ACAD)Sonora Investment Management, LLC initiated holdings in ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. The purchase prices were between $20.87 and $30.71, with an estimated average price of $26.46. The stock is now traded at around $29.87. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.03%. The holdings were 1,800 shares as of 2016-12-31.New Purchase: Teck Resources Ltd (TECK)Sonora Investment Management, LLC initiated holdings in Teck Resources Ltd. The purchase prices were between $17.11 and $25.88, with an estimated average price of $21.57. The stock is now traded at around $23.98. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.03%. The holdings were 3,427 shares as of 2016-12-31.New Purchase: Monro Muffler Brake Inc (MNRO)Sonora Investment Management, LLC initiated holdings in Monro Muffler Brake Inc. The purchase prices were between $52.9 and $61.5, with an estimated average price of $57.59. The stock is now traded at around $58.90. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.02%. The holdings were 700 shares as of 2016-12-31.New Purchase: SPDR S&P Regional Banking (KRE)Sonora Investment Management, LLC initiated holdings in SPDR S&P Regional Banking. The purchase prices were between $41.71 and $56.03, with an estimated average price of $47.48. The stock is now traded at around $56.09. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.02%. The holdings were 749 shares as of 2016-12-31.Added: Emerson Electric Co (EMR)Sonora Investment Management, LLC added to the holdings in Emerson Electric Co by 3352.20%. The purchase prices were between $49.41 and $58.26, with an estimated average price of $53.79. The stock is now traded at around $57.57. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 2.3%. The holdings were 86,305 shares as of 2016-12-31.Added: BB&T Corp (BBT)Sonora Investment Management, LLC added to the holdings in BB&T Corp by 104296.88%. The purchase prices were between $37.43 and $47.71, with an estimated average price of $42.54. The stock is now traded at around $46.77. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 1.55%. The holdings were 66,814 shares as of 2016-12-31.Added: W.W. Grainger Inc (GWW)Sonora Investment Management, LLC added to the holdings in W.W. Grainger Inc by 623.55%. The purchase prices were between $203.08 and $239.62, with an estimated average price of $223.08. The stock is now traded at around $235.95. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.86%. The holdings were 8,755 shares as of 2016-12-31.Added: US Bancorp (USB)Sonora Investment Management, LLC added to the holdings in US Bancorp by 52.77%. The purchase prices were between $42.66 and $52.54, with an estimated average price of $47.55. The stock is now traded at around $51.79. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.47%. The holdings were 53,485 shares as of 2016-12-31.Added: Cincinnati Financial Corp (CINF)Sonora Investment Management, LLC added to the holdings in Cincinnati Financial Corp by 49.51%. The purchase prices were between $68.26 and $78.84, with an estimated average price of $74.39. The stock is now traded at around $74.89. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.36%. The holdings were 29,336 shares as of 2016-12-31.Added: Intel Corp (INTC)Sonora Investment Management, LLC added to the holdings in Intel Corp by 169.77%. The purchase prices were between $33.61 and $38.1, with an estimated average price of $35.81. The stock is now traded at around $36.95. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.35%. The holdings were 31,407 shares as of 2016-12-31.Sold Out: Illumina Inc (ILMN)Sonora Investment Management, LLC sold out the holdings in Illumina Inc. The sale prices were between $122.02 and $186.17, with an estimated average price of $138.55.Sold Out: Republic Bank AZ NA (RBAZ)Sonora Investment Management, LLC sold out the holdings in Republic Bank AZ NA. The sale prices were between $4.8 and $6, with an estimated average price of $5.48.Sold Out: KKR & Co LP (KKR)Sonora Investment Management, LLC sold out the holdings in KKR & Co LP. The sale prices were between $13.61 and $17.13, with an estimated average price of $15.08.Sold Out: NXP Semiconductors NV (NXPI)Sonora Investment Management, LLC sold out the holdings in NXP Semiconductors NV. The sale prices were between $96.59 and $104.49, with an estimated average price of $99.37.Sold Out: iShares National Muni Bond (MUB)Sonora Investment Management, LLC sold out the holdings in iShares National Muni Bond. The sale prices were between $106.51 and $112.49, with an estimated average price of $109.87.Sold Out: Western Refining Inc (WNR)Sonora Investment Management, LLC sold out the holdings in Western Refining Inc. The sale prices were between $26.35 and $39.5, with an estimated average price of $32.89.Reduced: Seaspan Corp (SSW)Sonora Investment Management, LLC reduced to the holdings in Seaspan Corp by 60.76%. The sale prices were between $8.67 and $13.64, with an estimated average price of $10.6. The stock is now traded at around $10.88. The impact to the portfolio due to this sale was -1.11%. Sonora Investment Management, LLC still held 102,337 shares as of 2016-12-31.Reduced: Verizon Communications Inc (VZ)Sonora Investment Management, LLC reduced to the holdings in Verizon Communications Inc by 32.79%. The sale prices were between $46.18 and $53.74, with an estimated average price of $49.98. The stock is now traded at around $52.46. The impact to the portfolio due to this sale was -0.84%. Sonora Investment Management, LLC still held 63,375 shares as of 2016-12-31.Reduced: Wells Fargo & Co (WFCPRR)Sonora Investment Management, LLC reduced to the holdings in Wells Fargo & Co by 52.38%. The sale prices were between $26.5 and $30.13, with an estimated average price of $28.22. The stock is now traded at around $28.30. The impact to the portfolio due to this sale was -0.83%. Sonora Investment Management, LLC still held 48,320 shares as of 2016-12-31.Reduced: PNC Financial Services Group Inc (PNCPRP)Sonora Investment Management, LLC reduced to the holdings in PNC Financial Services Group Inc by 51.14%. The sale prices were between $26.61 and $29.43, with an estimated average price of $27.7. The stock is now traded at around $27.98. The impact to the portfolio due to this sale was -0.79%. Sonora Investment Management, LLC still held 49,525 shares as of 2016-12-31.Reduced: Valero Energy Corp (VLO)Sonora Investment Management, LLC reduced to the holdings in Valero Energy Corp by 52.15%. The sale prices were between $52.9 and $69.45, with an estimated average price of $61.55. The stock is now traded at around $67.08. The impact to the portfolio due to this sale was -0.48%. Sonora Investment Management, LLC still held 15,835 shares as of 2016-12-31.Reduced: CVS Health Corp (CVS)Sonora Investment Management, LLC reduced to the holdings in CVS Health Corp by 43.65%. The sale prices were between $73.53 and $88.8, with an estimated average price of $80.91. The stock is now traded at around $82.77. The impact to the portfolio due to this sale was -0.46%. Sonora Investment Management, LLC still held 12,729 shares as of 2016-12-31.Warning! GuruFocus has detected 6 Warning Sign with EMR. Click here to check it out.EMR 15-Year Financial DataThe intrinsic value of EMRPeter Lynch Chart of EMRPremium MembersThis article first appeared on GuruFocus .



The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.











This article appears in:
Investing                           
                            
                                , Stocks





Referenced Symbols:

                                        QCOM
                                    
, 

                                        AAPL
                                    
, 

                                        CSX
                                    
, 

                                        WFC
                                    
, 

                                        GLW
                                    












More from GuruFocus



Subscribe




This is the cheapest company in the Buffett-Munger model portfolio
A Strategy Ben Graham Used for 30 Years














Related Stocks Articles




Subscribe







Close Update: Wall Street Recoups Some Losses But Nasdaq Posts Second Straight Decline


						7/28/2017 04:25 PM
					



Update: TSX Loses 62 Points in Broad-Based Decline; Loonie Jumps Above 80 Cents US on Strong GDP Data


						7/28/2017 04:08 PM
					



Wall Street Recoups Some Losses But Nasdaq Heads for Second Straight Decline


						7/28/2017 03:56 PM
					














Contributor:GuruFocus
Stock Picks, Portfolios



Follow on:

























Most Popular




Highest Rated








Mitel To Acquire ShoreTel - Quick Facts
Sientra Completes Acquisition of Miramar Labs®
Seagate Technology PLC Q4 Profit Rises 174%
LedgerX gets U.S. approval for derivatives on digital currencies
U.S. Fines Frontier, American And Delta For Violating Consumer







Shareholders Approve Major Structural Change to Top Performing...
Yatra Attains Leadership Position in Corporate Travel With the...
Mitel To Acquire ShoreTel - Quick Facts
Miller Heiman Group Selects CallidusCloud Datahug for Pipeline...
Tractor Supply Company Reports Second Quarter Results




View All Highest Rated






















Research Brokers before you trade



		Compare Online Brokers
	


Want to trade FX?



		Visit our Forex Broker Center 
	
















Find a Credit Card



                    Select a credit card product by:
                


 Card Type
 Credit Score
 Card Issuer



                    Select an offer:
                





0% APR Credit CardsAirline Credit CardsBalance Transfer Credit CardsBusiness Credit CardsCash Back Credit CardsCharge CardsCharge Cards for BusinessEMV Smart ChipsGas Cards & Auto RewardsHome Improvement Rewards Credit CardsInstant Approval Credit CardsLow Interest Credit CardsNo Annual Fee Credit CardsNo Foreign Transaction Fee Credit CardsPoints Rewards Credit CardsPrepaid & Debit CardsReward Credit CardsStudent Credit CardsTop 10 Best Credit Card Deals and Offers




Bad CreditCredit Quality AverageCredit Quality ExcellentCredit Quality FairCredit Quality GoodLimited or No Credit HistoryPersonal Loans




American ExpressAmerican Express Airline CardsAmerican Express Business CardsAmerican Express Cash Back Credit CardsAmerican Express Charge CardsBarclaycardCapital OneCapital One Cash BackCapital One Fair CreditCapital One MilesCapital One PointsCapital One Prepaid Credit CardsChaseCiti Credit CardsDiscoverDiscover CashbackDiscover MilesDiscover Student Credit CardsMasterCard Credit CardsU.S. BankUSAAUSAA SavingsVisa Credit Cards







Search





Data Provided by BankRate.com






Stocks

Referenced





QCOM








86%



Rate It





AAPL








86%



Rate It





CSX








81%



Rate It





WFC








85%



Rate It





GLW








96%



Rate It































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX








































