


Gemphire | Management


























 


			Advancing a class on top of statins

			 
 






World Class Leadership

 
 




Management Team


Steve Gullans Interim Chief Executive Officer


PhD
Dr. Gullans serves as our Interim Chief Executive Officer. He has served as a member of our board of directors since April 2016. He is currently Managing Director at Excel Venture Management (Excel), a Boston-based venture capital firm which he co-founded and where he has been employed since February 2008. At Excel, he focuses on investing in life science technology companies with a particular interest in disruptive platforms that can impact multiple industries. Prior to Excel, Dr. Gullans co-founded RxGen, Inc., a pharmaceutical services company where he served as chief executive officer from January 2004 to February 2008. Dr. Gullans is currently a director at Molecular Templates, Inc., a private biotechnology company, Cleveland HeartLab, Inc., a private cardiovascular testing company, and N-of-One, Inc., an oncology diagnostics company. He was previously a board member of Activate Networks, Inc. which was acquired by Decision Resource Group, BioTrove, Inc. which was acquired by Life Technologies Corporation, Biocius Life Sciences, Inc. which was acquired by Agilent Technologies Inc., nanoMR Inc. which was acquired by DNA Electronics Ltd and Tetraphase Pharmaceuticals, Inc. which went public in 2013. Dr. Gullans was a faculty member at Harvard Medical School and Brigham and Women’s Hospital for almost 20 years. Dr. Gullans holds a B.S. from Union College and a Ph. D from Duke University.



Jeff Mathiesen Chief Financial Officer


CPA
Jeff Mathiesen serves as our Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining Gemphire Therapeutics, he served as CFO of Sunshine Heart, Inc., leading the medical device company through its transition from the Australian capital markets to the U.S., which included a successful IPO and equity financings totaling approximately $100 million.  Mr. Mathiesen has more than 20 years of experience as Chief Financial Officer (CFO) of publicly traded companies, including two successful initial public offerings (IPOs).  His experience encompasses a variety of highly competitive, technology based industries in organizations with global reach and includes several M&A transactions, divestitures, organizational development and equity and debt financing.  He began his career at Deloitte.  Mr. Mathiesen also serves as Director and Audit Committee Chair of Sun BioPharma, Inc. a publicly traded biopharmaceutical company developing therapies for pancreatic diseases.  Mr. Mathiesen graduated summa cum laude from the University of South Dakota with a B.S. degree in Accounting.



Charles Bisgaier Chief Scientific Officer and Co-Founder


PhD
Dr. Bisgaier serves as our Chairman and Chief Scientific Officer. From 1990 to 1998, Dr. Bisgaier was an Associate Research Fellow in the Department of Vascular and Cardiac Disease at Warner-Lambert/Parke-Davis. There he participated in the discovery and/or development of gemfibrozil (LOPID®), atorvastatin (LIPITOR®) and gemcabene (AKA CI-1027 and PD 72953). Subsequently, Dr. Bisgaier co-founded the first Esperion Therapeutics (1998- 2004), which was then acquired by Pfizer. At Pfizer he then served as the Senior Director of Pharmacology at the Esperion Division of Pfizer Global Research and Development. Notably, he was a major influence in the discovery, research and/or development of many small molecules with potential utility for metabolic syndrome including ETC-1002 (AKA ESP 55016) which was licensed by the new Esperion (NASDAQ: ESPR) from Pfizer, as well as HDL-therapy product candidates, such as ApoA-I Milano (ETC-216) which was also licensed by The Medicines Company (NASDAQ: MDCO) from Pfizer. After Pfizer, he served as a Company Director, Board Member and President of Pipex Pharmaceuticals (2006-2008, currently known as Synthetic Biologics, NYSE: SYN), a specialty pharmaceutical company focused on developing fibrotic and neurological disease therapies, that included a treatment for Relapsing Remitting Multiple Sclerosis. Both Pipex Pharmaceuticals and the first Esperion Therapeutics became public companies through a reverse-merger and an initial public offering (IPO), respectively during Dr. Bisgaier's tenure. He is also a co-founder of Michigan Life Therapeutics (predecessor to Gemphire) and Michigan Life Ventures. In addition, he is currently a Board member at Hygieia, Inc., a company that has developed a novel handheld medical device to assist diabetics to determine appropriate dosage when self-administering insulin, and a Board member at BioSavita Inc., a company that has developed a novel platform technology for protein expression in yeast. He also has served as a Board member (2009-2014) and President and CEO (2010-2011) of ProNAi Therapeutics (NASDAQ: DNAI). Currently, Dr. Bisgaier is also an Adjunct Associate Professor of Pharmacology at the University of Michigan. He received a B.A. in Biology from the State University College at Oneonta, NY (1974), and a M.S.(1977) and Ph.D. (1981) in biochemistry from George Washington University, Washington, D.C. After receiving his doctorate, he studied lipoprotein metabolism within the Specialized Center of Research (SCOR) for atherosclerosis at Columbia University College of Physicians and Surgeons, NY.



Lee Golden Chief Medical Officer


MD


								Dr. Golden has over 20 years of clinical and industry experience.  He has held several roles with increasing responsibilities within the pharmaceutical industry since beginning his career with Pfizer, Inc.  His experience includes Medical Affairs, Clinical Development and Business Development, for market leading therapeutics within primary care and orphan indications.  At Pfizer, in addition to working on the Global atherosclerosis team and overseeing several large global cardiovascular trials, he was the US Medical Team Leader during the filing and launch of several products. After leaving Pfizer, Dr. Golden broadened his experience with responsibility for leading medical teams in Cardiopulmonary, GI and CNS therapeutic areas.  During his time at Actelion he oversaw multiple products and trials in Pulmonary Arterial Hypertension and was involved with design and oversight of several other pulmonary related diseases.  In his previous role at Eisai Inc. he was the Therapeutic Area Head for Cardiovascular and Blood Disorders where he was responsible for leading global development teams from discovery through NDA/MAA approvals.  
								

								Dr. Golden was most recently the Therapeutic Area Head for CV, Pulmonary and CNS at Mesoblast, Ltd., a global regenerative medicine company.  His was responsible for overseeing the strategic planning, implementation and execution from preclinical through registration across multiple indications.  He championed regulatory interactions that led to the first global phase 3 cardiovascular program with allogeneic stem cells in patients with congestive heart failure.    
								

								Dr. Golden earned his MD degree from New York University School of Medicine.  After his Internal Medicine Residency at New York University Medical Center, he completed fellowships in Cardiology, At University of Miami Health Center, and Interventional Cardiology, at George Washington University Hospital.  While at George Washington University Hospital, Dr. Golden also held the position of Adjunct Instructor.
								




Seth Reno Chief Commercial Officer


MBA
Mr. Reno serves as our Chief Commercial Officer and has over 25 years of experience in the Bio-Pharmaceutical industry. He has extensive experience in building commercial capabilities to successfully commercialize both small and large molecules across a range of therapeutic areas including the cardiovascular market. Prior to joining Gemphire, he spent five years at Medimmune building commercial teams and capabilities that focused on launching complex biologics such as Mylept and Lynparza with orphan designation status into rare disease markets. As Medimmune’s Head of Commercial Operations he was responsible for leading core business functions across: Sales Operations, Marketing Operations, Market Research, Fleet Services, Sales Training, Commercial Insight, Advanced Analytics and Forecasting. Mr. Reno spent ten years at AstraZenca across a number of roles in Sales, Commercial Operations, Managed Markets and Brand Team. He led the Commercial Insight’s team for the dyslipidemia franchise, most notably the successful launch of Crestor’s atherosclerosis indication. He also led the insight work for several mixed dyslipidemia fixed dose combinations in development with industry partners. Prior to Joining AstraZeneca in 2001, Mr. Reno Spent eleven years at Wyeth in commercial operations and sales account management successfully building B2B relationships across Federal, Trade, Military and Commercial accounts. Mr. Reno holds a B.S. in Human Resources from University of Delaware and a MBA from Strayer University.





Daniela Oniciu Vice President of Preclinical R&D and Manufacturing


PhD
Dr. Oniciu serves as our VP of Preclinical R&D and Manufacturing. Dr. Oniciu has more than 30 years of experience in chemical research, with her last sixteen years dedicated to pharmaceutical research and development in various therapeutic areas including: cardiovascular disease, metabolic disorders and cholesterol management, neuroprotective drug analogs, prodrugs and chemical delivery systems. Most recently she has focused on preclinical R&D and CMC related regulatory affairs for pharmaceuticals and fine chemicals that span small molecules. Prior to that, Dr. Oniciu was appointed as Senior Director of Chemistry at Cerenis Therapeutics Holding SA, a French biotech dedicated to the development of novel HDL therapies for the treatment of cardiovascular and metabolic diseases. At Cerenis, Dr. Oniciu participated in the financing of the company with top tier investors, leading to €92M out of the total of €117M in equity raised by Cerenis. Prior to joining Cerenis, Dr. Oniciu was Senior Director of Chemical R&D at Esperion Therapeutics Inc., where she was a co-inventor of small molecule drug candidates including ETC-1002, and served as co-chair of the preclinical research team. Following the acquisition of Esperion by Pfizer Inc., Dr. Oniciu served as Associate Director of Chemistry at Pfizer. Prior to joining Esperion in 2001, Dr. Oniciu was co-founder of a custom research organization, Alchem Laboratories Corporation, one of the first CROs in the United States, specialized in drug design and process development support for the pharmaceutical industry. In addition, Dr. Oniciu is Courtesy Professor of Chemistry at the University of Florida at Gainesville since 2004. Dr. Oniciu holds a Ph.D. in organic chemistry from the Polytechnic University of Bucharest (Romania), and a M.S. in Organic Chemistry and Chemical Engineering from the same University.



Rebecca Bakker-Arkema  Vice President of Drug and Clinical Development


RPh, MS, FAHA
Rebecca Bakker-Arkema serves as our VP of Drug and Clinical Development.  Rebecca has worked in pharmaceutical development for over 25 years, starting her clinical career as a Clinical Scientist and then Director in Clinical Development at Warner-Lambert/Parke-Davis.  She was primarily involved with the clinical development program for atorvastatin (LIPITOR®) with responsibility for several studies from Phase 2 through Phase 3b as well as the Integrated Summary of Safety.  Following acquisition by Pfizer Rebecca was Director of Exploratory Clinical Development responsible for several early stage compounds including gemcabene (AKA CI-1027 and PD 72953). When Rebecca left Pfizer in 2007 she was the Cardiovascular and Metabolic Disease Translational Medicine Site Head, overseeing the early development and biomarker work on a portfolio of early stage compounds cardiovascular/metabolic disease discovered in Ann Arbor. Rebecca has been a consultant over the past 9 years working for several large companies (Medical Diagnostics, GE Healthcare) as well as several small biotech companies (Senior Director of Clinical Research at Metabasis Therapeutics, Inc).  She was most recently Vice-President of Clinical Development at AlphaCore Pharma, LCC which was acquired by MedImmune/Astrazeneca in 2012.  Rebecca has over 50 publications in peer reviewed journals and scientific presentations, is a Fellow of the American Heart Association, and is an adjunct Clinical Associate Professor at the University of Michigan School of Pharmacy.  Rebecca earned a pharmacy degree from the University of Kansas School of Pharmacy and a Master’s degree from the University of Michigan in the School of Public Health.  She is a registered Pharmacist in Kansas and Michigan.



Liz Masson Vice President of Clinical Operations


B.A.
Liz Masson serves as our Vice President of Clinical Operations. Prior to that, she held several progressive management roles in clinical operations, specifically site development, CRO oversight and rescue work. Responsible for strategic and operational development activities, Liz has a passion for growing and developing highly engaged teams and assuring the highest standards for program execution. As a clinical entrepreneur, Liz started Clinical Minds, a specialty consulting firm committed to provide small pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies relevant and decisive guidance. Liz received her B.A. in Leadership and Organizational Management from Bay Path College.



Amy Rabourn Director of Finance


MAcc, CPA
Ms. Rabourn serves as our Director of Finance. Ms. Rabourn is a Finance professional with 13 years of Finance and Accounting experience including experience in the pharmaceutical industry. In her most recent role, she was the Controller at a VC backed software company with revenues of $25 million. In a prior role, she was Interim Finance Manager for a non-profit with revenues of $10 million that managed sarcoma clinical trials. Since leaving the non-profit, she has served on their Finance Committee. Prior to that, she worked in Finance at Pfizer where she performed budgeting and forecasting for research and development projects. She also has the public accounting experience at PricewaterhouseCoopers, LLP where she worked in the audit practice. Ms. Rabourn holds a MAcc (Master of Accounting) and BBA with concentration in Finance and Accounting from University of Michigan.




 
 
 





    Mina Sooch | Gemphire Therapeutics Inc | ZoomInfo.com
Apjohn: Our Team


























				"People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing." - Andrew Carnegie
 




 
 



				General Partners
				- Scientific Advisors
				- Fund Advisors



General Partners



Mina Patel Sooch, MBA
					Founder and General Partner
Mina Sooch brings with her almost twenty years of healthcare and pharmaceutical experiences as an entrepreneur, strategy & finance advisor, and venture capitalist.  As a founder and general partner at Apjohn, she had been active in sourcing, screening, due diligence, and closing of all the fund investments.  Mina currently serves on the board of  ProNAi, Svelte, and CytoPherx with prior board seats at exited companies ZyStor and Asterand and prior board observer seats at exited companies Afmedica and Ikano.  She recently completed two years as Chairman of the Board of the Michigan Venture Capital Association which she has served on also as board member for over seven years. She also has been a board member of the Midwest Healthcare Investment Network for over eight years. Mina shares her time and thoughts by serving as speaker, moderator, panelist, or judge at many entrepreneurial and life sciences community activities.
Since 2001, Mina has been fully engaged in the early stage life sciences space through synergistic roles as founding principal of Apjohn Group (life sciences business accelerator) and entrepreneur in residence at North Coast Technology Investors ($100 million early stage venture capital firm in Ann Arbor).  Through those roles,  she has served as founding CFO of Afmedica and founding CEO of SenseGene Therapeutics (now ProNAi).
Prior to 2001, Mina spent eight years as a global account manager at Monitor Group, a top tier global strategy consulting firm based in Boston, with her client base consisting of mid-cap and large-cap healthcare companies and multi-billion dollar private equity companies.  With a focus on M&A, she has worked on over 30 deals including $7B Pharmacia & Upjohn merger in 1995 and $1B merger of PharMerica in 1997.  Mina was also a founding leader of Monitor's Corporate Finance practice in 1998 with Tom Copeland.  Mina began her career spending several years in research and product development at Ford Motor Company, Dow Chemical Company, and Proctor and Gamble.
Mina received a MBA from Harvard Business School in 1993.  She graduated summa cum laude and commencement speaker from Wayne State University in 1989 with a B.S. in Chemical Engineering.





Donald R. Parfet, MBA
					Founder and General Partner
Don Parfet has over thirty years of experience in all aspects of life sciences business launch, management, and exit. It was his vision to launch the Apjohn Group in 2001 to bring talent and seed capital together to exploit the biotech opportunities in the Midwest region. Don is active in sourcing, assessing, and governing our pipeline and portfolio. He served as founding CEO of Afmedica and serves as Chairman of the Board at ProNAi.
Don's responsibilities over his career at Pharmacia included running all of the Associated Businesses (Animal Health, Diagnostics, Pharmaceutical Commercial Services and Plasma Products).  Don also had overall Site Management responsibilities for the company's operations in Kalamazoo and spent many years in the Corporate finance group of The Upjohn Company. He has successfully created a new company through the formation of a joint venture between Amersham and Pharmacia Biotech.  He also led a successful $150 million IPO by "spinning out" 60% ownership to the public of Biacore International of Sweden (NASDAQ: BCOR) which has been subsequently acquired by GE. 
Don is a trustee of the W.E. Upjohn Institute for Employment Research and Bronson Healthcare Group as well as Chair of the Kalamazoo College Board of Trustees.  He also serves as a Board Member of Southwest Michigan First and the Southwest Michigan Innovation Center. He is a Director of MPI Research, a preclinical  research facility in Mattawan Michigan as well as board member at Kelly Services, Inc (KELYA) and Rockwell Automation, Inc (ROK). 
Don received his BA degree in economics from the University of Arizona in 1975 and his M.B.A. degree in finance from the University of Michigan in 1977.





Deb Cronkite
					Controller
As the Fund's Controller, Deb handles monthly reporting and the day-to-day financial activities.  She previously worked in the pharmaceutical industry at The Upjohn Company/Pharmacia for 22 years, the last 10 of which were in finance and accounting positions.
Deb earned her BBA degree from Western Michigan University in 1978.













	Copyright 2005 Apjohn Ventures






Mina Sooch in West Bloomfield, MI 48323 - ChamberofCommerce.com




   =     


        









Sign Up
Sign In
Contact Us


 














Search
 

near
 













Home
» Michigan
» West Bloomfield
» Party Planning Services
» Mina Sooch













Mina Sooch


0 Reviews

0.0000 stars - based on 0 reviews
                            





6894 Lakemont Cir  West Bloomfield, Michigan 48323


(248) 681-9815


 



 

Print |
                Save |
                Directions


About
Mina Sooch is located at the address 6894 Lakemont Cir in West Bloomfield, Michigan 48323.  They can be contacted via phone at (248) 681-9815 for pricing, hours and directions.  Mina Sooch specializes in Corporate Events, Holidays, Homecomings.  Mina Sooch has an annual sales volume of 501K - 999,999.  .Mina Sooch provides Dancers, Camps, Individual Services to it's customers.  For maps and directions to Mina Sooch view the map to the right.  For reviews of Mina Sooch see below.









Business Features

PRODUCTS


Wings
, Custom Baskets
, Novelties
, Tights
, Breakfast Foods
, Wedding Announcements
, Hair Accessories
, Chicken
, Coffee
, French Fries



SERVICES


Rentals
, Event Planning
, Individual Services
, Decorating
, Dancers
, Camps
, Dinner
, Birthday Parties
, Introductory Lessons
, Traditional Designs


 SPECIALTIES


Meetings
, Strategic Planning
, Thank You
, Holidays
, Homecomings
, Business Functions
, Quinceaneras
, Indoor Weddings
, Corporate Events
, Birthdays



 


Information

CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (248) 681-9815
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Employee Size: 1 To 4
Exact Employee Count: 1
Exact Sales Volume: 59000
Location Type: Single Location
Sales Volume: 501K - 999,999
CATEGORIES:


Party Planning Services
Consulting Services
Professional Services
Special Occasions



People Also Viewed


Kc & E Holding Co Inc


7196 Ilanaway Dr  West Bloomfield, Michigan 48324




Online-outsource Inc


2728 Lari Ct  West Bloomfield, Michigan 48324




Lakeshore Consulting


4584 Middleton Dr  West Bloomfield, Michigan 48323




Whitehall Capital Corporation


6041 Dunmore Dr  West Bloomfield, Michigan 48322




Rsw Inc


4720 Walnut Creek Cir  West Bloomfield, Michigan 48322




KLP Performance Inc


5742 Aldingbrook  West Bloomfield, Michigan 48322





Reviews

Add


You must Sign in to post reviews.





by  on 






Click here to be the first to review this business...



0 Reviews
 























 






Site Map
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
About
Partners
Chamber Partner Program
Chamber Member Benefits




Top Cities:
Atlanta
Bronx
Brooklyn
Chicago
Cleveland
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Phoenix
Saint Louis
San Antonio
San Diego
San Jose


© 2017 CHAMBEROFCOMMERCE.COM












Mina Sooch                                                                                                               - West Bloomfield                                   , MI         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



MI



West Bloomfield



Business Consulting, Nec



Business Consulting, Nec



                            Mina Sooch
                                    



 





















M 


Mina Sooch                                                                                                              
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



6894 LAKEMONT CIR WEST BLOOMFIELD, MI 48323
Get Directions



(248) 681-9815
 





Business Info



 Founded 2000
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $58,000.00
 Employee Count 1
 Industries Business Consulting, Nec
 Contacts Mina Sooch                                                                                                              







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Mina Sooch                                                                                                               was founded in 2000, and is located at 6894 Lakemont Cir in West Bloomfield. Additional information is available at                                                                                                          or by contacting Mina Sooch                                                                                                               at (248) 681-9815. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







M

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.














 






Mina Sooch, President and CEO, Gemphire Therapeutics


























&timesJavascript is disabled
























Market Profiles



Login
Sign up



Login


Sign up








 







 Edit

Person













Mina Sooch



President and CEO
at
Gemphire Therapeutics


Location: Greater Detroit Area





Add to My Lists

Claim

Share


Copy the following code on your page/blog


Suggested widget size



Mobile



Desktop









Mina Sooch



President and CEO
at
Gemphire Therapeutics


Location: Greater Detroit Area




Add to My Lists

Claim

Share


Copy the following code on your page/blog


Suggested widget size



Mobile



Desktop




Mina Sooch, MBA, serves as our President and Chief Executive Officer. Prior to joining Gemphire Therapeutics, she served from 2012 to 2014 as the CEO of ProNAi (NASDAQ:DNAI), a clinical-stage oncology company, and a board director from its founding in 2004 through 2014. At ProNAi, Ms. Sooch pioneered a new drug modality, DNAi, led the execution of Phase I and II trials on PNT2258 (a novel bcl2 targeted drug candidate) and raised over $70M in Series C and D financing from top tier institutional investors. The last round of $60M was the largest VC financing ever in Michigan’s history.
Prior to her operating role, she has spent over a decade in life sciences venture capital through founding of Apjohn Ventures and also as EIR at Northcoast Technology Investors. As a VC, she led the sourcing and evaluation of deals across therapeutic areas, the investment terms and syndication, the governance, the follow-on financings totaling over $300M, and the exits of several life sciences companies.
Also, she co-founded three start-ups (Afmedica, ProNAi, and Nephrion/Cytopherx). Notable exits from the Apjohn portfolio include the acquisition of ZyStor by BioMarin(NASDAQ:BMRN) in 2010, the acquisition of Afmedica by Angiotech Pharmaceuticals in 2005, and the product acquisition from Ikano by Upsher-Smith in 2010.
Ms. Sooch has served on over 10 private, public, and VC industry boards including ProNAi, ZyStor, Asterand, Cytopherx, Svelte, Wolverine Venture Fund, and Michigan Venture Capital Association. Earlier in her career from 1993-2000, she served as global account manager at Monitor Group, a top tier global strategy consulting firm based in Boston. In 1995, she worked on the multi-billion Pharmacia & Upjohn merger.
Mina received a MBA from Harvard Business School in 1993. She graduated summa cum laude and commencement speaker from Wayne State University in 1989 with a B.S. in Chemical Engineering.



3

Companies in Career





N/A

Related Markets





1

Colleagues





N/A

Related Investments








Alias
N/A



Industry
Venture Capital




Tags
Venture Capital, Start-Ups, Life Sciences




Topics of Influence












Web Site







N/A



























Careers








Achievements








Investments








Related People






 Edit
View all 



Mina SoochCareer (3)






Nov-2014




Gemphire Therapeutics



President and CEO







2003




Apjohn Ventures



Founder & General Partner







2012 to 2014




ProNAi Therapeutics



President & CEO, Board Member








Competencies










 Edit
View all 



Mina SoochEducation (2)






1993



Harvard Business School









1989



Wayne State University


Chemical Engineering









 Edit



Mina SoochAchievements and Recognitions





Add Milestone


No milestones has been recorded for Mina Sooch






 Edit



Mina SoochLinks





Add Link


No links has been recorded for Mina Sooch









Mina SoochInvestments/Acquisitions





No investments has been recorded for Mina Sooch









Mina SoochInvestments Representing Others





No investment reps has been recorded for Mina Sooch








Mina SoochRelated People








Colleagues at Gemphire Therapeutics







Seth Reno

Chief Commercial Officer
Aug-2015








View all 
Peers (36)







August J. Troendle

President and CEO of Medpace









Nick Glover

President & CEO of ProNAi Therapeutics









Doug Treco

President and CEO of Ra Pharmaceuticals









Matthew R. Patterson

President and CEO of Audentes Therapeutics









Kevin M. King

President & CEO of iRhythm Technologies









Tim Goodnow

President & CEO of Senseonics












View all 



Mina SoochRecommended Market Profiles








Healthcare/Biotech IPO (2016)

10,000 or More employees
43 companies























Mina Sooch - Founder & General Partner at Apjohn Ventures LLC



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Mina Sooch
Founder & General Partner at Apjohn Ventures LLC



Overview
In The News Relationships Paths
Education Career History Boards & Committees Public Holdings Transactions 


Mina Sooch
Founder & General Partner at Apjohn Ventures LLC



 Overview



Age



49
                                  (Born 1968)
                                              




Notable Companies


Afmedica, Inc.

Triathlon Medical Venture Partners LLC

Sierra Oncology, Inc.




Board Seats



11





Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 431 people.
              






 In The News
          See more




MoneyBeat
May 31, 2017





                        Stocks to Watch: Amazon, Alphabet, Michael Kors, Gemphire Therapeutics                    





GlobeNewswire
May 30, 2017





                        Gemphire Therapeutics Announces Departure of Its Chief Executive Officer Mina Sooch                    





Crain's Detroit Business
May 15, 2017





                        Executives: Venture capital, tax credits needed for bioscience growth                     





Crain's Detroit Business
May 15, 2017





                        Life after Pfizer : A decade later, Michigan pharmaceutical companies have found paths to growth                    





GlobeNewswire
May 9, 2017





                        Gemphire Announces First Quarter 2017 Financial Results and Provides Corporate Update                    







See full news coverage and complete stories with RelSci Professional.

Create Your News Feed








See  More 






 Relationships
              See Details




Charles Bisgaier

Chief Scientific Officer & Co-Founder at Gemphire Therapeutics, Inc.




Donald R. Parfet

Director & General Partner at Apjohn Ventures Fund





Nick Glover

President & Chief Executive Officer at Sierra Oncology, Inc.




Raj R. Pai

Managing Director, GEF Advisors India at Global Environment Fund





Steven R. Gullans

Founder at Excel Medical Ventures LLC




Eli L. Thomssen

Founder at Apjohn Group LLC





Alvin Vitangcol

General Partner at Capital Midwest Advisors II LLC




Hugo Braun

Co-Founder & Partner at North Coast Technology Investors LP





Jack Davis

Non-Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer & Secretary at BioSeek Plc




Bob C. Salisbury

Fund Advisor at Apjohn Ventures LLC







See 421 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 421 More 


 


 Paths to Mina Sooch



            Mina Sooch          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Mina Sooch






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Mina Sooch.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Educational Background



MBA 
Class of 1993 


Harvard University - Harvard Business School

                  Harvard Business School (HBS) is the graduate business school of Harvard University in Boston, Massachusetts, United States. The school offers a large full-time MBA program, doctoral programs, and many executive education programs. It owns Harvard Business School Publishing, which publishes business books, leadership articles, online management tools for corporate learning, case studies, and the monthly Harvard Business Review.                




Graduate 
Class of 1989 


Wayne State University - Michigan

                  Wayne State University (WSU) is a public research university located in Detroit, Michigan, United States, in the city's Midtown Cultural Center Historic District and Wayne State University Buildings Historic District. Founded in 1868, WSU consists of 13 schools and colleges offering 370 programs to nearly 28,000 graduate and undergraduate students. It is currently Michigan's fourth-largest university and one of the 100 largest universities in the United States.

The WSU main campus encompasses 203 acres (822,000 m²) linking more than 100 education and research buildings in the heart of Detroit. It also has six extension centers in the metro Detroit area providing access to a limited selection of courses. The institution is a notable engine in metro Detroit's educational, cultural and economic landscape, as manifested through efforts such as its thriving research and technology park and hosting of the Detroit Windsor International Film Festival.                





 Career History



Founder & General Partner

                                    2001 - Current                


Apjohn Ventures LLC


                  Apjohn Ventures focuses on early-stage, Midwestern pharmaceuticals and biotechnology, medical devices and diagnostics and healthcare services companies                




Advisor

                                    Current                


Wolverine Ventures


                  Wolverine Ventures manages the Wolverine Venture Fund (WVF). The firm is operated out of the Ross School of Business at the University of Michigan. WVF invests through the involvement of MBA students, faculty assistance and an advisory board composed of professional venture capitalists and entrepreneurs. WVF invests in early-stage, emerging growth companies.                




President & Chief Executive Officer

                                    2004 - 2014                


Sierra Oncology, Inc.


                  Sierra Oncology, Inc. is a clinical stage drug development company of therapeutics for the treatment of patients with cancer. It engages in the business of researching, developing, and commercializing therapies for the treatment of patients with cancer. The company was founded on May 8, 2003 and is headquartered in Vancouver, Canada.                




Global Account Manager

                                    Tenure Unconfirmed                


Monitor Group


                  Monitor Group provides strategy consulting services to corporations, governments, and non-profit institutions worldwide. It is a company that offers strategic advisory services, capability-building programs, and financial advisory services. Monitor Group is specialized in the areas of innovation; leadership and organization; marketing, pricing, and sales; strategy and uncertainty, including corporate finance; and regional competitiveness.


Monitor Group was established in 1983 in Cambridge, Massachusetts.                




President, Chief Executive Officer, Treasurer & Director

                                    2014 - 2017                


Gemphire Therapeutics, Inc.


                  Gemphire Therapeutics, Inc. is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company, which engages in the development and commercialization of therapies for the treatment of dyslipidemia. Its product under the Gemcabene name is used an adjunctive therapy to reduce low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, high-sensitivity C-reactive protein, and triglycerides. The company was founded by Charles L. Bisgaier and David Lowenschuss on October 30, 2014 and is headquartered in Northville, MI.                




Managing Partner

                                    2009 - Prior                


Triathlon Medical Venture Partners LLC


                  Triathlon Medical Venture Partners invests exclusively in the life sciences sector. They provide equity capital to early and expansion stage companies with proprietary biomedical technology platforms or products addressing significant human healthcare needs. The firm focuses on early-stage opportunities in the Midwestern US, but they also consider mid- to later-stage companies throughout the US. Triathlon will lead as well as co-invest. Initial investments range from $500,000 to $3 million and up to $7 million over subsequent rounds.                




Chief Financial Officer

                                    Prior                


Afmedica, Inc.


                  Afmedica, Inc. develops medical and drug products. It develops perivascular technology using the drug rapamycin to treat peripheral vascular disease, coronary artery disease, and end stage renal disease. The company was founded in 2002 and is located in Kalamazoo, MI.                




Manager-Global Accounts

                                    Prior                


The Monitor Group, Inc.


                  The Monitor Group, Inc. provides wealth management services. Its services include wealth protection, wealth transfer, estate planning, investment management, tax planning, and reporting. The firm offers services to the small and medium enterprises, trusts, and other commercial organizations. The company is headquartered in McLean, VA.                




Analyst

                                    Prior                


Ford Motor Company


                  Ford Motor Co. engages in the manufacture, distribution, and sale of automobiles. It operates through the following segments: Automotive, Financial Services, Ford Smart Mobility, and Central Treasury Operations. The Automotive segment includes the sale of Ford and Lincoln brand vehicles, service parts, and accessories worldwide, together with the associated costs to develop, manufacture, distribute, and service the vehicles, parts, and accessories. The Financial Services segment includes its vehicle-related financing and leasing activities at Ford Motor Credit Company LLC . The Central Treasury Operations segment engages in decision making for investments, risk management activities, and providing financing for the Automotive segment. The Ford Smart Mobility segment designs, builds, grows, and invests in emerging mobility services. The company was founded by Henry Ford on June 16, 1903 and is headquartered in Dearborn, MI.                




Analyst

                                    Prior                


Dow Chemical Company


                  The Dow Chemical Co. manufactures and supplies products used primarily as raw materials in the manufacture of customer products and services. It serves the industries, including appliance; automotive; agricultural; building and construction; chemical processing; electronics; furniture; house wares; oil and gas; packaging; paints, coatings and adhesives; personal care; pharmaceutical; processed foods; pulp and paper; textile and carpet; utilities; and water treatment. The company operates through five segments: Agricultural Sciences, Consumer Solutions, Infrastructure Solutions, Performance Materials & Chemicals and Performance Plastics. The Agricultural Sciences segment provides crop protection and seed/plant biotechnology products and technologies, urban pest management solutions and healthy oils. The Consumer Solutions segment consist three global businesses: Consumer Care, Dow Automotive Systems and Dow Electronic Materials. The Infrastructure Solutions segment comprises of an industry-leading portfolio of businesses utilizing advanced technology to deliver products such as architectural and industrial coating applications, building insulation, adhesives, microbial protection for the oil and gas industry, and water technologies. The Performance Materials & Chemicals segment comprises of five technology-driven, customer-centric global businesses that are advantaged through integration and driven by innovative technology and solutions: Chlor-Alkali and Vinyl, Chlorinated Organics, Epoxy, Industrial Solutions and Polyurethanes. The Performance Plastics segment is a leading lastics franchise, and is a market-oriented portfolio composed of five global businesses: Dow Elastomers, Dow Electrical and Telecommunications, Dow Packaging and Specialty Plastics, Energy and Hydrocarbons. The company was founded by Herbert Henry Dow in 1947 and is headquartered in Midland, MI.                




Entrepreneur-in-Residence

                                    Prior                


North Coast Technology Investors LP


                  North Coast Technology Investors makes seed and early-stage investments in emerging technology-driven companies. The firm focuses on markets where advances in software and communications technology offer opportunities to build major enterprises in Indiana, Michigan and Ohio. While North Coast actively pursues enterprise software and e-commerce investments, they are also interested in sectors such as manufacturing, distribution and materials science. They often target companies developing niche technologies where there is the potential to address broader markets.North Coast looks for partnerships as a source of leverage for the companies in which they invest and co-invests with other corporations and venture capital firms. The firm generally invests between $500,000 and $4 million over the life of an investment. Most investments are in the form of preferred stock. An initial investment may be as little as $100,000 in a seed stage or start-up company. For opportunities with larger capital requirements, the firm has strong relationships with commercial bankers, non-traditional financing sources and investment bankers throughout the Midwest.                




Professional

                                    Prior                


Procter & Gamble Co.


                  Procter & Gamble Co. engages in the provision of branded consumer packaged goods. It operates through the following segments: Beauty, Grooming, Health Care, Fabric and Home Care, and Baby, Feminine and Family Care. The Beauty segment offers hair, skin, and personal care. The Grooming segment comprises of shave care like female and male blades and razors, pre and post shave products, and appliances. The Health Care segment includes oral care products like toothbrushes, toothpaste, and personal health care such as gastrointestinal, rapid diagnostics, respiratory, and vitamins, minerals, and supplements. The Fabric and Home Care segment consist of fabric enhancers, laundry additives and detergents, and air, dish, and surface care. The Baby, Feminine and Family Care segment sells baby wipes, diapers, and pants, adult incontinence, feminine care, paper towels, tissues, and toilet paper. The company was founded by William Procter and James Gamble in 1837 and is headquartered in Cincinnati, OH.                





 Boards & Committees



Corporate Boards ▾




Director

                    Current                  


ZyStor Therapeutics, Inc.

                    ZyStor Therapeutics, Inc. develops innovative therapeutics. It offers enzyme replacement therapies for the treatment of lysosomal storage diseases. The company was founded by Brian L. Clevinger, James S. Manuso and Allan R. Goldberg and is headquartered in Milwaukee, WI.                  




Member, Board of Directors

                    Current                  


Midwest Healthcare Investment Network (MHIN)






President, Chief Executive Officer & Director

                    2014 - 2017                  


Gemphire Therapeutics, Inc.

                    Gemphire Therapeutics, Inc. is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company, which engages in the development and commercialization of therapies for the treatment of dyslipidemia. Its product under the Gemcabene name is used an adjunctive therapy to reduce low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, high-sensitivity C-reactive protein, and triglycerides. The company was founded by Charles L. Bisgaier and David Lowenschuss on October 30, 2014 and is headquartered in Northville, MI.                  




Non-Executive Director

                    Prior - 2009                  


BioSeek Plc

                    BioSeek Plc provides human tissue-based research services for the pharmaceutical industry. It focuses on applying human primary cell assays and predictive disease models to the discovery and development of human therapeutics and safer chemicals. The company was founded by Eugene Butcher in March 1996 and is headquartered in London, the United Kingdom.                  




Director

                    2004 - 2014                  


Sierra Oncology, Inc.

                    Sierra Oncology, Inc. is a clinical stage drug development company of therapeutics for the treatment of patients with cancer. It engages in the business of researching, developing, and commercializing therapies for the treatment of patients with cancer. The company was founded on May 8, 2003 and is headquartered in Vancouver, Canada.                  




Director

                    Prior                  


Svelte Medical Systems, Inc.

                    Svelte Medical Systems, Inc. develops balloon expandable stents. It offers balloon control band technologies, hybrid stent design and integrated delivery systems. The firm has locations in Brussels, New Providence and Sao Paulo. The company was founded by Robert E. Fischell, David R. Fischell and Tim A. Fischell in 2007 and is headquartered in New Providence, NJ.                  




Director

                    Prior                  


CytoPherx, Inc.

                    CytoPherx, Inc. manufactures and supplies medical devices. It offers medical device that cures inflammation-based diseases and conditions. The company was founded in July 2007 and is headquartered in Ann Arbor, MI.                  




Director

                    Prior                  


Asterand, Inc.

                    Asterand, Inc. is engaged in providing all the information and materials that are needed to conduct research on common disease targets, such as cancer, heart disease and brain disorders. The company is a privately held company founded in 2000 to address the urgent need of  genomics and proteomics researchers for high quality biological information and materials. The customers of the company include researchers working at the world's foremost and oldest pharmaceutical, biotech, genomic and proteonic companies.                  




Board Observer

                    Prior                  


Ikano SA






Board Observer

                    Prior                  


Afmedica, Inc.

                    Afmedica, Inc. develops medical and drug products. It develops perivascular technology using the drug rapamycin to treat peripheral vascular disease, coronary artery disease, and end stage renal disease. The company was founded in 2002 and is located in Kalamazoo, MI.                  




Non-Profit Boards ▾




Member, Board of Directors

                    Prior                  


Michigan Venture Capital Association

                    Michigan Venture Capital Association operates as a non-profit trade organization designed to bring together venture capital industry participants in the state of Michigan. The company was founded by 2002 by Terry Cross and David P. Weaver in 2002 and is headquartered in Ann Arbor, MI.                  





 Public Holdings






Restricted data only for RelSci Professional users.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Transactions



 Details Hidden



                  Gemphire Therapeutics, Inc. raised money in a private placement transaction                                  




 Details Hidden



                  Gemphire Therapeutics, Inc. raised money in a private placement transaction                                  




 Details Hidden



                  Sierra Oncology, Inc. issued Common Stock                                  




 Details Hidden



                  Gemphire Therapeutics, Inc. raised money in a private placement transaction                                  




 Details Hidden



                  Gemphire Therapeutics, Inc. raised money in a private placement transaction                                  






See 3 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 3 More 






 Other Affiliations




              Mina Sooch is affiliated with
                            Apjohn Ventures LLC, Wolverine Ventures, Sierra Oncology, Inc., Monitor Group, Gemphire Therapeutics, Inc., Triathlon Medical Venture Partners LLC, Afmedica, Inc., The Monitor Group, Inc., Ford Motor Company, Dow Chemical Company, North Coast Technology Investors LP, Procter & Gamble Co., ZyStor Therapeutics, Inc., Midwest Healthcare Investment Network (MHIN), Gemphire Therapeutics, Inc., BioSeek Plc, Sierra Oncology, Inc., Svelte Medical Systems, Inc., CytoPherx, Inc., Asterand, Inc., Ikano SA, Afmedica, Inc., Michigan Venture Capital Association.
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤


















  	Mina Sooch | Xconomy	





































































 




EXOME
all the information, none of the junk | biotech • healthcare • life sciences









Want EXOME sent to you daily?








Meet the Contributors →


















Mina Sooch


Mina Sooch is the president and CEO at Gemphire Therapeutics, a clinical-stage biotech company. Before that, she led ProNAI Therapeutics, where she raised the largest round of venture capital in the history of Michigan startups. Mina has also served as Managing Partner at Triathlon Medical Ventures Fund II.  Mina brings with her over fifteen years of pharmaceutical and healthcare experiences as an entrepreneur, strategy & finance advisor, and venture capitalist. Mina co-founded Apjohn Ventures Fund in 2003 in Kalamazoo, Michigan, where as Managing Partner she had been active in sourcing, screening, due diligence, closing, and company building at the nine fund investments. Mina has served on all the portfolio company Boards, including Asterand, ProNAi, Svelte, ZyStor, and CytoPherx. She also co-founded Apjohn Group a business accelerator in 2001 and launched several biotech start-ups. Mina currently chairs the board of the Michigan Venture Capital Association, which she has served on for six years, and has been a long time board member of the Midwest Healthcare Investment Network. Prior to 2001, Mina spent eight years as a global account manager at Monitor Group, a top tier global strategy consulting firm based in Boston, with her client base consisting of mid-cap and large-cap healthcare companies and multi-billion dollar private equity companies. With a focus on M&A, she has worked on over 30 dealsincluding $7B Pharmacia & Upjohn merger in 1995 and $1B merger of PharMerica in 1997. Mina was also a founding leader of Monitor's Corporate Finance practice in  1998. Mina began her career spending several years in research and product development at Ford Motor Company, Dow Chemical Company, and Proctor and Gamble. Mina received a MBA from Harvard Business School in 1993. She graduated summa cum laude and commencement speaker from Wayne State University in 1989 with a B.S. in Chemical Engineering.




 




Underwriters and Partners












Xpertise: Watch + Learn







Xconomy Insight · Special Report

Starting a Biotech Company: What Every Entrepreneur Needs to Know

Success or failure depends on you. Get advice from the experts to help your startup succeed








From Our Editors · Podcast

Xconomy Voices 02: Christopher Ahlberg of Recorded Future

Recorded Future, a cybersecurity startup based in Somerville, MA, has an intriguing approach to solving some of the biggest problems in data and network security.








From Our Editors · Podcast

Xconomy Voices 01: Mary Lou Jepsen

Mary Lou Jepsen is a fearsome samurai when it comes to the design and manufacturing of electronics.





From Our Advertisers








WI Startups See Growth in Investment Levels in 2016

137 companies raise more than $276 million in 2016
Wisconsin Economic Development Corporation






Featured Event


Last Chance to Snag a Ticket for What’s Hot in Boston Biotech











Deal of the Day



$1.6B
AstraZeneca/Merck




The Feed
Tweets from https://twitter.com/Xconomy/lists/lifesci 










 



Home
Privacy/DMCA
Security Disclosures
About
Contact Us
Archives
Advertise
Subscribe for Free



	Business, life sciences, and technology news — covering Boston, Seattle, San Diego, Detroit/Ann Arbor, San Francisco, New York, Raleigh-Durham, Boulder/Denver, Texas, Wisconsin, Indiana, and beyond.
	
© 2007-2017, Xconomy, Inc.
		Xconomy is a registered service mark of Xconomy, Inc.
		All rights reserved.
	

	  Website development support from Andrew Koyfman with design support from Rob Hunter.
  































Mina Sooch - Crain's Detroit Business























































































































Login
Subscribe
Connect







Navigation



Top Stories



Meter Count



Market



Weather











×
Top Stories












Special Report





×
Metered Access


Crain's Detroit Business is a metered site. Print and digital subscribers have unlimited access to stories, but registered users are limited to eight stories every 30 days. After viewing three metered stories, you'll be asked to register or log in. After eight more stories in 30 days, you'll be asked to subscribe.




×
Michigan Stock Index





VISIT THE CRAIN'S MICHIGAN STOCK CENTER











×
Weather






















Newsmaker of the Year 2014


January 04, 2015

Mina Sooch
CEO, Gemphire Therapeutics Inc., Northville


      	By Tom Henderson









Email
Print




Mina Sooch
Entrepreneurship
Life Sciences
Newsmakers
Talent




Photo by LON HORWEDEL
						
						Mina Sooch
					

Mina Sooch established herself in 2014 as a superstar in local entrepreneurial circles. In January, she raised $12.5 million in venture capital for what had been a struggling pharmaceutical company that she joined in 2012 as president and CEO, Plymouth Township-based ProNAi Therapeutics Inc.Then in April, she raised an additional $59.5 million for the company, the largest single round of venture capital in state history. Both of those were based on results that ProNAi presented at a major oncology convention in New Orleans in December 2013 on how its lead product improved the conditions of patients with non-Hodgkin lymphoma who had been resistant to other treatments. The results and the fundraising set the stage for the company's initial public offering in 2015. In September, it was time for ProNAi to bring in a CEO who had experience leading public companies — Nick Glover. Sooch joined another small cardiovascular drug company, Northville-based Gemphire Therapeutics Inc., and began raising a round of $25 million for human trials.Gemphire's lead drug, gemcabene, lowers the levels in the blood of LDL, the so-called bad cholesterol. Sooch plans a first market application of targeting patients with a rare genetic condition that results in extremely high LDL levels. In June, Crain's named Sooch — an immigrant from India who has an engineering degree from Wayne State University and an MBA from Harvard University — to its 2014 class of American Dreamers.In December, the second funding round for ProNAi was named by the Ann Arbor-based Michigan Venture Capital Association as the financing deal of the year at its annual award dinner.
            
            
Related LinksMina Sooch















Michigan Morning Newsletter
Get a roundup of important news that happens each day.
































































Mina Sooch - Crain's Detroit Business





















































































































Login
Subscribe
Connect







Navigation



Top Stories



Meter Count



Market



Weather











×
Top Stories












Special Report





×
Metered Access


Crain's Detroit Business is a metered site. Print and digital subscribers have unlimited access to stories, but registered users are limited to eight stories every 30 days. After viewing three metered stories, you'll be asked to register or log in. After eight more stories in 30 days, you'll be asked to subscribe.




×
Michigan Stock Index





VISIT THE CRAIN'S MICHIGAN STOCK CENTER











×
Weather




















January 06, 2017














Archive  

Newsmaker of the Year 2016
Newsmaker of the Year 2015Newsmaker of the Year 2014Newsmaker of the Year 2013Newsmaker of the Year 2012Newsmaker of the Year 2011Newsmaker of the Year 2010Newsmaker of the Year 2009Newsmaker of the Year 2008Newsmaker of the Year 2007




Event Info











January 06, 2017

Mina Sooch
President and CEO, Gemphire Therapeutics Inc.


      	By Tom Henderson










Email
Print




Newsmakers
Health Care
Mina Sooch




Photo by Lon Horwedel
					
					It was a roller-coaster year for Mina Sooch, the president and CEO of Gemphire Therapeutics, a small pharmaceutical startup in Livonia.
				

It was a roller-coaster year for Mina Sooch, the president and CEO of Gemphire Therapeutics, a small pharmaceutical startup in Livonia.
She had planned on an initial public offering of $60 million for Gemphire early in the year, but a cooling market nationally for pharma IPOs pushed the timing back to June and the target amount down to $45 million.
In June, world markets were roiled by the unexpected vote by those in the United Kingdom to leave the European Union, and her IPO was pushed back to August and the amount downsized, again, to $30 million. (Also in June, Sooch was named by Crain's as one of the 100 most influential women in Michigan.)
Finally, on Aug. 5, Gemphire, which had licensed a cardiovascular drug called gemcabene from Pfizer Inc., had its offering and began trading on the Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol GEMP.
Immediately, Sooch began proceeding on two human trials on different potential patient populations for Gemcabene and laying the groundwork to enroll patients for a third trial, all of which are expected to start reporting results in 2017. Favorable results — the three will enroll a total of about 200 patients in medical centers around the country — could lead to a secondary public offering or to a sale to a larger pharmaceutical company.
Sooch said the IPO raised enough money to fund all three trials and get Gemphire through the first half of 2018.
"It was a year of highs, but also one of uncertainty for quite some time. I learned patience," Sooch said. "It was very rewarding to go public and execute on our plan the rest of the year, to hire a team and get our trials up and running. We're exactly where we want to be as a company.
"We got advice from our bankers that we should consider waiting for January 2017 to go public, but we wanted to launch three trials, and we couldn't do that until we went public," she said.
Sooch put her money where her mouth was regarding the IPO. To show her faith in gemcabene and that new trials would reflect the successes of earlier trials, Sooch and her co-founder and chief science officer, Charlie Bisgaier, each invested more than $500,000 in the IPO.
"That's a meaningful number, and it showcased our belief in gemcabene," she said.
Sooch was also a Crain's Newsmaker of the Year in 2014, a year that established her as a superstar on the local biotech front.
In January that year, she raised $12.5 million in venture capital for what had been a struggling pharmaceutical company that she joined in 2012 as president and CEO, Plymouth Township-based ProNAi Therapeutics Inc.
Then that April, she raised an additional $59.5 million for the company, then the largest single round of venture capital in state history.Both of those funding rounds were based on results that ProNAi presented at a major oncology convention in New Orleans in December 2013 on how its lead product improved the conditions of patients with non-Hodgkin lymphoma whose cancer had been resistant to other treatments.In September 2014, Sooch left ProNAi, which was setting the stage for an IPO of $158 million in 2015. It was time for the company to bring in a CEO who had experience leading public companies, and time for her to move on to another startup in Gemphire.
Interestingly enough, for this IPO, she didn't feel the need to bring in another veteran of public companies.

Related LinksTom GoresAndy ApplebyMona Hanna-Attisha, M.D.Barbara McQuadeJoe MullanyRonna Romney McDanielKirk SteudleSam Valenti IIIM. Roy WilsonGemphire begins enrolling patients for cholesterol drug trialGemphire's lead drug shows promising resultsGemphire CEO Sooch: IPO funds will fuel research, staffingGemphire gets IPO back on track, lowers targetGemphire Therapeutics files for $60 million IPOVenture capital group honors Sooch, ArboretumWomen stars of tech not immune to sexismMina SoochMina SoochMina SoochProNAi Therapeutics closes on largest VC funding round in state history: $59.5MIPO in the genes? Investors eye ProNAi after successful trialProNAi steps up cancer drug pushMina Sooch, 39




 














Michigan Morning Newsletter
Get a roundup of important news that happens each day.






























































