 



Sorin Group Invests in Enopace Biomedical, Early Stage Company Focused on Innovative Solution for Heart Failure Patients | Business Wire
























































Sorin Group Invests in Enopace Biomedical, Early Stage Company 
      Focused on Innovative Solution for Heart Failure Patients




Investment will drive development of a unique interventional 
      technology for the largest unmet clinical need in the cardiovascular 
      field






October 17, 2011 05:00 AM Eastern Daylight Time



MILAN--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Sorin Group (Reuters Code: SORN.MI) (MIL:SRN), a global medical device 
      company and a leader in the treatment of cardiovascular diseases, 
      announced today a minority investment in Enopace Biomedical, an 
      early-stage company focused on the development of a neuromodulation 
      system to treat patients with congestive heart failure.
    


      Enopace’s technology consists of a minimally invasive, implantable 
      neurostimulator for heart failure patients that increases cardiac 
      efficiency by reducing left ventricular workload. Sorin’s $7 million 
      investment will finance the initial clinical studies of this technology 
      as well as ongoing product development. Sorin Group joins Rainbow 
      Medical as an investor in Enopace.
    

      Heart failure is the largest unmet clinical need, with the highest 
      associated healthcare costs, in the cardiovascular world today. In 
      Europe and in the United States around 15 million patients suffer from 
      chronic heart failure. The United States healthcare system spends over 
      $40 billion to treat these patients. CRT (cardiac resynchronization 
      therapy) devices currently address part of the systolic heart failure 
      population, but no approved therapies exist for diastolic patients. 
      Neuromodulation systems represent a significant opportunity to expand 
      the clinical indications for device-based heart failure therapy and, 
      moreover, enhance the treatment for congestive heart failure patients.
    

      “Through Enopace Biomedical, Sorin Group will support the development of 
      a unique medical device solution for today’s most urgent, unmet clinical 
      need. This segment represents one of the largest and fast-growing market 
      opportunities in the medical device field” said André-Michel Ballester, 
      CEO of Sorin Group.
    

      “Together with our CRT devices and the recent launch of Sorin’s SonR 
      technology for optimizing cardiac resynchronization therapy, this 
      investment continues our commitment to innovation in the hemodynamic 
      management of heart failure patients” added Stefano Di Lullo, President 
      of the Sorin Group CRM business unit.
    

      “We are very pleased to have Sorin Group, the leading European medical 
      device company, as our strategic partner in Enopace. We are confident 
      that Sorin Group will contribute to our mission of developing this new 
      breakthrough technology to expand the treatment options for heart 
      failure patients” said Efi Cohen Arazi, CEO of Rainbow Medical and 
      chairman of the board of Enopace Biomedical.
    

About Sorin Group Sorin Group (www.sorin.com) 
      is a global, medical device company and a leader in the treatment of 
      cardiovascular diseases. The Company develops, manufactures, and markets 
      medical technologies for cardiac surgery and for the treatment of 
      cardiac rhythm disorders. With 3,700 employees worldwide, Sorin Group 
      focuses on three major therapeutic areas: cardiopulmonary bypass 
      (extracorporeal circulation and autotransfusion systems), cardiac rhythm 
      management, and heart valve repair and replacement. Every year, over one 
      million patients are treated with Sorin Group devices in more than 80 
      countries.
    

About Enopace Biomedical Enopace Biomedical is a start-up 
      company developing an implantable, miniature neurostimulation device for 
      congestive heart failure patients. The company is led by Chief Executive 
      Officer Amir Dagan, and based in Caesarea, Israel. Enopace Biomedical 
      was founded in 2008 by the leading Israeli med-tech operational 
      investment group Rainbow Medical. (www.rainbowmd.com). 
      Rainbow Medical has seeded and grown over ten companies based on 
      breakthrough technology developed by Yossi Gross, one of the world’s 
      most successful entrepreneurs and med-tech inventors, in a diverse range 
      of medical fields.
    

      For more information, please visit: www.sorin.com



Contacts

SORIN GROUPMartine KonorskiDirector, Corporate 
      CommunicationsTel: +33 (0)1 46 01 33 78Mobile: +33 (0)6 76 
      12 67 73e-mail: martine.konorski@sorin.comorFrancesca 
      RambaudiDirector, Investor RelationsTel: +39 02 69969716e-mail: 
      investor.relations@sorin.com
















Release Summary
Sorin Group’s minority investment in Enopace Biomedical, an early-stage company focused on the development of a neuromodulation system to treat patients with congestive heart failure.






Contacts

SORIN GROUPMartine KonorskiDirector, Corporate 
      CommunicationsTel: +33 (0)1 46 01 33 78Mobile: +33 (0)6 76 
      12 67 73e-mail: martine.konorski@sorin.comorFrancesca 
      RambaudiDirector, Investor RelationsTel: +39 02 69969716e-mail: 
      investor.relations@sorin.com









 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up

















Sorin Capital Management LLC Top Holdings 13F Filings




















































Home
Articles
Latest Filings
All Funds
Stocks Being Bought
Stocks Being Sold
Insider Buying







FREE registration required to continue...

                
                You have viewed 6 pages within the last 6 hours.  To continue, please register at Holdings Channel for unlimited
		page views and our free weekly newsletter, by entering your name and email address below.  Registration is absolutely free.
By registering, you agree to our privacy policy & terms of use.
                
		If you are in Canada, you must click here for alternate registration page.

                

                
                Problems with your registration ''sticking?''  Enable your browser to receive our ''cookie'' to resolve.
                Other questions? Email us at: info@holdingschannel.com


Sorin Capital Management LLC Top Holdings 13F Filings | www.HoldingsChannel.com | 
Copyright © 2013 - 2017, All Rights Reserved



Nothing in Holdings Channel is intended to be investment advice, nor does it represent the opinion of, counsel
from, or recommendations by BNK Invest Inc. or any of its affiliates, subsidiaries or partners.  
  None of the information contained herein constitutes a recommendation that any particular security, portfolio,
 transaction, or investment strategy is suitable for any specific person.  All viewers agree that under no
circumstances will BNK Invest, Inc,. its subsidiaries, partners, officers, employees, affiliates, or agents be held
liable for any loss or damage caused by your reliance on information obtained.  By visiting, using or viewing this site, you 
agree to the following 
Full Disclaimer & Terms of Use and 
Privacy Policy.  Video widget and market videos powered by Market News Video.  Quote and option data delayed at 
least 15 minutes; stock quote data powered by Ticker Technologies, and Mergent. Contact Holdings Channel; Meet Our Editorial Staff.





















﻿







Sorin Capital Management Llc – Octafinance


















































 








Friday, 28 July 2017

























 

Menu



Featured News


						2 years ago - Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Tests Its Ad Technology On Billboards To Cushion Itself Against Ad Blocks


						2 years ago - China Margin Debt Hits 8-Week High, Japan Pumps’n’Dumps As Kyle Bass Fears Looming EM Banking Crisis


						2 years ago - Marc Faber Shares His Insight in One Hour Exclusive Interview. He Covers All From Commodities and China to Inflation, The Euro and Gold


						2 years ago - Carl Icahn Criticizes the Fed. Feels Bad For Investors Buying Junk Bonds


						2 years ago - John Burbank: European QE Can’t Save The Markets Same As the U.S. Quantitative Easing. Everything Will Be Liquidated









Home » Hedge Funds » Sorin Capital Management Llc 

Sorin Capital Management Llc 

Share with your friendsYour NameYour EmailRecipient EmailEnter a MessageI read this article and found it very interesting, thought it might be interesting for you. The article is called Sorin Capital Management Llc and is was published by Octafinance.com at http://www.octafinance.com/hedge-funds/sorin-capital-management-llc/.CaptchaSubmit






Portfolio Q32016Market Value:$550,600,000Previous Mkt Value:$2,266,205,000Chg Mkt Value %:-75.70 % Sentiment:Very BearishTurnover %:0.00 %




Stocks ActivityNew Purchases:0Additional Purchases:0Sold out:2Reduced:5Top 10 Holdings %:100%






Sorin Capital Management Llc Portfolio Holdings
13F Report Date: 9/30/2016



RANKTICKER / SECURITYTICKERVALUE (X1000)SHARES% PORT% PREV% AUM% CHGCHG 
SHARESCHGSECTOR NAMESECTOR WEIGHT 



RANKTICKER / SECURITYTICKERVALUE (X1000)SHARES% PORT% PREV% AUM% CHGCHG 
SHARESCHGSECTOR NAMESECTOR WEIGHT 




                    1		

                    SPY - ISHARES TR (PUT)		

                    SPY		

                    276,496		

                    3,140,000		

                    50.22		

                    70.45		

                    33.34		

                    -58.80		

                    -4,481,616		

                    Down		

                    FINANCE		

                    0.55		



                    2		

                    VIXH - FIRST TR EXCHANGE TRADED FD (CALL)		

                    VIXH		

                    247,934		

                    1,183,600		

                    45.03		

                    1.69		

                    29.89		

                    -51.60		

                    -1,261,700		

                    Down		

                    ETF		

                    0.45		



                    3		

                    NYRT - NEW YORK REIT INC		

                    NYRT		

                    26,170		

                    2,289,639		

                    4.75		

                    2.20		

                    3.16		

                    -57.50		

                    -3,097,597		

                    Down		







                    4		

                    NORTHSTAR REALTY FINANCE		



                    0		

                    0		

                    0.00		

                    1.15		

                    0.00		

                    -100.00		

                    -2,289,639		

                    Sold All		







                    5		

                    ISHARES TR (CALL)		



                    0		

                    0		

                    0.00		

                    10.91		

                    0.00		

                    -100.00		

                    -3,000,000		

                    Sold All		










SORIN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT Sector Weightings & New Holdings






Top 5 New Buys-----




13F Sector AllocationFinance55 %Etf45 %---






SORIN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT AUM, Portfolio Value and Historical 13F
Sorin Capital Management Llc had $829.38 million assets under management as of Friday, November 14, 2014. The historical portfolio values of the fund were: 
$139,519,000 in 2014Q4 – 13F Filing Available
$97,811,000 in 2015Q1 – 13F Filing Available
$146,698,000 in 2015Q2 – 13F Filing Available
$1,196,951,000 in 2015Q3 – 13F Filing Available
$106,379,000 in 2015Q4 – 13F Filing Available
$1,034,523,000 in 2016Q1 – 13F Filing Available
$2,266,205,000 in 2016Q2 – 13F Filing Available
$550,600,000 in 2016Q3 – 13F Filing Available
Subsidiaries/Series: Sorin Investment Group LLC
*Institutional Portfolio Holdings information is filed by institutions with over $100 million in AUM on form 13F with the SEC.
*% AUM is the stock or security value as a percentage of the assets under management. AUM is taken from the latest fund filed SEC Adv. 
*The portfolio holdings report is limited to stocks and stock options of common and other shares, convertible preferred and convertible bonds. The report does not include cash, real estate and fixed income securities.
*Sentiment could be wrong because the fund might have increase or decrease its portfolio because of investments inflow or because an increase in short positions.


Receive News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.












 





Free Email Newsletter
    Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with our FREE daily email newsletter:







Hedge Fund NewsTop 10 CITADEL ADVISORS 13F Holdings in Q3 2015DF DENT & CO INC Just Released Its Q3 2015 Stock PositionsMAVERICK CAPITAL Top 10 Holdings in Q3 2015Analyzing Ken Griffins CITADEL ADVISORS Stock Holdings in Q3 2015LONE PINE CAPITAL Top 10 13F Positions in Q3 2015Guru NewsFelix Zulauf Sees a Stock Market Correction Coming. This Rally S&P 500 (INDEXSP:.INX) Will Be Short-LivedMarc Faber Shares His Insight in One Hour Exclusive Interview. He Covers All From Commodities and China to Inflation, The Euro and GoldJim Grant: The Next Thing Might Be Helicopter Money. What to Buy and Where He Sees Investment OpportunitiesKyle Bass Bearish on Emerging Markets for at least 2 More Years. Looking to Short CurrenciesDavid Tepper Gets Defensive. Is it Time to Get Out of The Stock Market?


Macro NewsChina Margin Debt Hits 8-Week High, Japan Pumps’n’Dumps As Kyle Bass Fears Looming EM Banking CrisisAre US – Russian Relations A Zero-Sum Game?US and Russia have launched direct talks on the conflict in SyriaYuan Drops as PBOC Cuts Reference Rate by Most Since DevaluationCould the market crash like 1987?—put volume spike argues low is nearCTAs NewsRed Rock Just Published Report About The Trend Following Landscape & How CTAs’ Performance Must Be AnalyzedHow to Implement Dual Momentum for non-US InvestorsDo Commodity Trading Advisors (CTAs) Really Provide Crisis Alpha, Equity Hedge and Are Long Volatility?































Sorin Capital Management



































































 

















 





 

Sorin Capital Management is an independent investment management firm specializing in commercial mortgage-backed securities, commercial real estate loans and REITs. 
 

Founded in 2004, Sorin’s philosophy is to establish long-term, customized relationships with institutional clients.  The firm believes the best way to deliver a strong value proposition is through customized/bespoke portfolios in order to meet specific investment needs and goals. 


 


 
 
 











Sorin is registered with the US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) as an investment advisor.  Registration with the SEC or any state securities authority does not imply a certain level of skill or training.
 
 
 


 

 





 














﻿







Hedge Funds – Octafinance



















































 








Friday, 28 July 2017

























 

Menu



Featured News


						2 years ago - Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Tests Its Ad Technology On Billboards To Cushion Itself Against Ad Blocks


						2 years ago - China Margin Debt Hits 8-Week High, Japan Pumps’n’Dumps As Kyle Bass Fears Looming EM Banking Crisis


						2 years ago - Marc Faber Shares His Insight in One Hour Exclusive Interview. He Covers All From Commodities and China to Inflation, The Euro and Gold


						2 years ago - Carl Icahn Criticizes the Fed. Feels Bad For Investors Buying Junk Bonds


						2 years ago - John Burbank: European QE Can’t Save The Markets Same As the U.S. Quantitative Easing. Everything Will Be Liquidated









Home » Hedge Funds 

Hedge Funds 

Share with your friendsYour NameYour EmailRecipient EmailEnter a MessageI read this article and found it very interesting, thought it might be interesting for you. The article is called Hedge Funds and is was published by Octafinance.com at http://www.octafinance.com/hedge-funds/.CaptchaSubmit
Hedge Funds Database
In our Free Hedge Funds Database we have listed more than 4000+ hedge funds and institutional investors. You can see the fund’s summary, employees, AUM, portfolio values, historical 13F, current portfolio, holdings, new positions, sector weights, sentiment, turnover, top 10 holdings and more.
What is a Hedge Fund? A Closer Look at Hedge Funds.
There are plenty of investment vehicles that financially savvy individuals can think about investing in or tracking. The hedge fund is just one of those, but it is also the one that is worth looking at. There’s an air of mystery about this type of investment vehicle, but it is not always a tough nut to crack. What investors need to do is to educate themselves on what hedge funds are and to understand what risks they should expect to expose their investments to.
How Do Hedge Funds Work?
Hedge funds are considered as viable alternatives to the existing forms of investment on the financial markets. However, it is not open to every individual investor. Rather, the funds are more ideal for people and institutions that have significant amount of assets that they want to be managed and grown. Managers typically pool together the assets of their clients to create a unified fund, and then they make their trades and investments using that single fund.
It is theoretically similar to mutual funds, but they differ in the techniques. That’s the reason why it’s not open to individual investors. There are significant risks involved – aside from traditional investment vehicles like the popular mutual funds and stock market options as well as bonds, hedge fund managers lean more towards high risk but sophisticated trading techniques to realize significant profits for their clients’ portfolio.
Adding to the risk exposure is the fact that hedge funds are not as closely regulated as the other financial instruments. Hedge fund managers are not always required to make filings and reports to the Securities and Exchange Commission, but that’s on a case to case basis. If the assets are large enough, the SEC will require reports. Hedge fund managers, however, are bound by law to protect their clients’ investments or face anti-fraud measures.
A Brief History of Hedge Funds
Hedge funds have a very long history. People and institutions began investing in this vehicle at the early 21st century. The funds never lost popularity over time. Before the recession hit, there was a total value of US$1.93 trillion being managed by hedge fund managers worldwide. The industry had a brief hiccup afterwards, because of the sub-prime mortgage crisis, but it eventually recovered. This is a testimony to how popular hedge funds really are, and how much investors are willing to trust their assets to managers.
Hedge fund assets totaled $2 trillion worldwide by April 2011, just three years after the crisis burst. By the third quarter of 2014, the worldwide value of assets under management or AUM is at $2.38 trillion and may continue to grow in the next years.
Hedge Fund Strategies
Hedge fund managers do not subscribe to a single strategy but, rather, they employ a combination of various strategies. It is not uncommon to find hedge fund managers putting some of the money in their management to purchase securities derivatives.
There are, however, some popular strategies that hedge fund managers acknowledge and use. Hedge fund managers will exercise any strategy and option within their discretion in response to several factors in the market.
Here are some of the strategies that hedge fund managers could use, either by itself or in tandem with other techniques in managing assets:

Global macro

This type of strategy relies on identifying macroeconomic events that take place around the world to make investment decisions. Managers generally look at the big picture globally to identify potential entry points for profitable investments. The Global Macro approach leverages multiple markets, and managers will employ long and short investment strategies to maximize profits from volatile market movements. This approach is very flexible, and very diversified as well because there are many variations of sub-strategy under this umbrella.

Directional

The directional strategy does not pay too much attention to what is happening to markets on a global basis. Instead, directional strategy dictates that fund managers look at each individual market movement when picking ideal investments. A typical action under this strategy is to invest in equities with an eye for the long term, and to couple that position with short-term buying and selling to hedge against risk.

Event-driven

Hedge fund managers following this philosophy are focused in following corporate events and leveraging their assets to earn from the market movement influenced by these occurrences. For instance, company consolidations and mergers can make possible upward movements in price. Event-driven hedge fund management will typically take positions before or after such events take place in order to leverage and earn profits from the price movements that occur. Even bankruptcy declarations can also spur action from event-driven hedge fund managers.

Relative value

Relative event hedge fund management focuses on finding price discrepancies and investing on those. This is the most technical of all the four management strategies discussed so far. Analysis is very comprehensive and somewhat holistic, as there are many types of analysis carried out under this strategy to identify the profitable price discrepancies.
How Do Hedge Fund Managers Approach Risk?
As mentioned above, hedge funds are not advisable for all types of investors because of the amount of risk involved in their operation. That is where risk mitigation comes in. In fact, managers operating in the hedge fund industry are described as being the most meticulous – they use the most stringent and the most precise means of protecting investments against the risks that the volatility of the market brings.
The most common method of reducing the risk exposure of managed assets is to diversify. The entirety of the funds used to set up the hedge funds are split between various investments, and varying investment positions. For instance, some of the funds may be put into long-term positions in low-risk, low-return funds that can steadily gain in the passage of time.
A portion of the funds may be invested in high-risk, high-return investment positions that the hedge fund manager may monitor in the short term, taking into consideration the risk factor and market environment.
In addition, hedge fund companies may employ risk officers. These are not people who are directly involved in trading, but have knowledge in how markets work. These risk officers will focus on identifying long and short-term risks to the assets under management, and will then work on creating a comprehensive risk management strategy that will be applied by the hedge fund managers for their managed assets.
Other techniques for managing risk in hedge funds include using risk management methodologies as well as operational due diligence.
Offshore and Onshore Hedge Funds
Because of their popularity and the global nature of their investment, hedge fund managers can be found all over the world. There are two types of hedge fund management companies, and they are the onshore and offshore hedge fund managers. Their differences lie mainly in the levying of tax on the investors’ earnings.
Offshore hedge fund managers give their investors the advantage of minimal tax consequences. For example, US-based investors who enjoy tax exemptions on their investments, particularly in retirement funds, will turn to offshore hedge funds. This helps them avoid being taxed for their income from the hedge funds.
On the other hand, if offshore hedge funds invest in instruments and securities in the United States, they can expect the US government to slap withholding taxes on their investments. However, there are no capital gains tax involved here – this is to make sure that offshore investors are not double-taxed for any increase on the value of their assets. Only their local jurisdiction has the legal right to levy any taxes on the investors for gains they see from their investments.
The presence of both onshore and offshore hedge management funds make the taxation more flexible and more personalized according to each investor’s personal expectations in taxation. In addition, it encourages global investment because of the measures imposed specifically to avoid the horrors of double-taxation – a common fear among investors who have eyes on diversifying globally.
Prominent Centers of Investment
The United States remains the center of global hedge fund management. 70% of the hedge fund managers that oversee the progress of global funds are based in the United States. The Securities and Exchange Commission has in its registry nearly 4,000 financial experts, as of April 2012, who handled management of hedge funds. These are found across the US, but most of them are based in New York City and Connecticut’s Gold Coast.
As for European hedge funds, London is the home of the managers with over 800 of them found in the city. In 2011, these firms were responsible for managing 85% of the hedge fund assets from continental Europe.
There is a growing market in Asia, particularly in Japan. Growing economic centers Hong Kong and Singapore are also experiencing a growth in hedge fund assets under management, but it will be some time before they achieve the demand in hedge fund managers enjoyed by the US and London in Europe. In fact, most of the hedge funds from Asia are managed by offshore companies based in these two centers.
Hedge Fund Industry – Assets Under Management




(USD Billions)
4rd Qtr 2014
3rd Qtr 2014
2nd Qtr 2014
1st Qtr 2014


Hedge Funds
$2478.6B
$2380.5B
$2339.4B
$2259.9B


Funds of Funds
$448.3B
$457.0B
$462.5B
$485.4B


Sectors






Convertible Arbitrage
$29.5B
$30.6B
$31.2B
$31.1B


Distressed Securities
$180.1B
$177.1B
$170.2B
$162.4B


Emerging Markets
$272.9B
$274.3B
$271.2B
$256.1B


Equity Long Bias
$208.8B
$203.1B
$200.9B
$194.6B


Equity Long/Short
$199.4B
$193.4B
$200.2B
$204.4B


Equity Long-Only
$130.5B
$125.2B
$125.2B
$116.8B


Equity Market Neutral
$43.4B
$37.9B
$34.1B
$32.2B


Event Driven
$290.9B
$285.1B
$275.6B
$251.0B


Fixed Income
$377.5B
$380.4B
$373.1B
$339.9B


Macro
$204.0B
$195.1B
$192.5B
$195.1B


Merger Arbitrage
$31.3B
$32.3B
$28.5B
$24.8B


Multi-Strategy
$276.1B
$264.2B
$254.0B
$276.5B


Other
$96.2B
$115.4B
$115.4B
$128.6B


Sector Specific
$138.1B
$131.7B
$132.2B
$127.6B



Hedge Funds are not the only alternative way to invest in the investment universe. A different class of investment are Managed Futures.

 
Commodity trading advisors are these that provide managed futures accounts or funds and they have very different return profile and correlations than hedge funds. Managed Futures offer a good way to diversify hedge fund or other traditional investments and in some cases could also offer lower minimum investment requirements. Because hedge funds are usually stock picking and don’t provide crisis alpha, managed funds which do, are a good way to avoid painful market correction.
Hedge Fund News
We offer completely free hedge fund news on more than 4000+ funds and their managers. Read about their traders, portfolios, strategies and returns. Don’t forget to also visit our hedge fund returns section where we have ranked the top 60 hedge funds by annualized returns since inception and listed their trading strategies and styles.

Receive News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.












 





Free Email Newsletter
    Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with our FREE daily email newsletter:







Hedge Fund NewsTop 10 CITADEL ADVISORS 13F Holdings in Q3 2015DF DENT & CO INC Just Released Its Q3 2015 Stock PositionsMAVERICK CAPITAL Top 10 Holdings in Q3 2015Analyzing Ken Griffins CITADEL ADVISORS Stock Holdings in Q3 2015LONE PINE CAPITAL Top 10 13F Positions in Q3 2015Guru NewsFelix Zulauf Sees a Stock Market Correction Coming. This Rally S&P 500 (INDEXSP:.INX) Will Be Short-LivedMarc Faber Shares His Insight in One Hour Exclusive Interview. He Covers All From Commodities and China to Inflation, The Euro and GoldJim Grant: The Next Thing Might Be Helicopter Money. What to Buy and Where He Sees Investment OpportunitiesKyle Bass Bearish on Emerging Markets for at least 2 More Years. Looking to Short CurrenciesDavid Tepper Gets Defensive. Is it Time to Get Out of The Stock Market?


Macro NewsChina Margin Debt Hits 8-Week High, Japan Pumps’n’Dumps As Kyle Bass Fears Looming EM Banking CrisisAre US – Russian Relations A Zero-Sum Game?US and Russia have launched direct talks on the conflict in SyriaYuan Drops as PBOC Cuts Reference Rate by Most Since DevaluationCould the market crash like 1987?—put volume spike argues low is nearCTAs NewsRed Rock Just Published Report About The Trend Following Landscape & How CTAs’ Performance Must Be AnalyzedHow to Implement Dual Momentum for non-US InvestorsDo Commodity Trading Advisors (CTAs) Really Provide Crisis Alpha, Equity Hedge and Are Long Volatility?Futures NewsVictor Sperandeo Believes the Risk/Reward for Commodities Is 1/10. Recommends 5%-10% Allocation: iPath Bloomberg Commodity exchange-traded note (DJP)For Commodities, It’s 2008 All Over Again. 18 of the 22 components in the Bloomberg Commodity Index have dropped at least 20%Morgan Stanley Joins’s Gold Bearish Camp And Sees The Possibility of Gold Decreasing to $800 Per OunceRussian Majors Rosneft, Gazprom and Lukoil sit pretty at US$60/bblFour Houston oil companies among Goldman Sachs’ picks for likely acquisition targets : EOG Resources (NYSE:EOG), Noble Energy (NYSE:NBL), Anadarko Petroleum (NYSE:APC) and Cabot Oil & Gas (NYSE:COG)


























Sorin Group Invests in MD Start - PE Hub
























































SUBSCRIBE TO PE HUB WIRE
Join over 60,000 of your peers
Get the must-read email for PE/VC professionals delivered to your inbox daily
        — for free!







US Edition (daily)



Canada Edition (weekly)


We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties.


I accept the Terms and Conditions




SUBSCRIBE YES! No






RegisterSign in



A Community for Professionals in Private Capital



































Sorin Group Invests in MD Start


February 24, 2011
By Luisa Beltran
 Follow @LuisaRBeltran


Print
Email





Share via email


Separate multiple email addresses with commas

Share
Send me a copy



Email preview

To: 
From: 
Subject: Look at this story on PE HUB
Sorin Group Invests in MD Start
The Sorin Group, a medical device company, has made a minority investment in MD Start, of Switzerland. MD Start, a VC and medical technology incubator in Europe, is backed by Sofinnova Partners, Versant Ventures, Medtronic and Contract Medical International.
Continue reading on PE HUB
 writes: 



















The Sorin Group, a medical device company, has made a minority investment in MD Start, of Switzerland. MD Start, a VC and medical technology incubator in Europe, is backed by Sofinnova Partners, Versant Ventures, Medtronic and Contract Medical International.
PRESS RELEASE
Sorin Group (MIL:SRN)(Reuters Code: SORN.MI), a global medical device company and a leader in the treatment of cardiovascular diseases, announced today a minority investment in MD Start, the first venture capital and industry-backed medical technology incubator in Europe.
MD Start, based in Lausanne, Switzerland, offers inventors an important opportunity to transform medical technology ideas into reality. MD Start’s mission is to provide scientists and medical doctors with the necessary financial, technical and strategic resources to identify and validate novel ideas. Sorin Group joins Sofinnova Partners, Versant Ventures, Medtronic and Contract Medical International as investors in MD Start.
“Through MD Start, Sorin Group aims to accelerate the development of revolutionary medical device technologies in Europe, confirming Sorin’s commitment to innovation as a key pillar for future growth” said André-Michel Ballester, CEO of Sorin Group.
“We are very pleased to have Sorin Group, a leading European medical device company, as a partner in our venture. We are confident that Sorin Group will add visibility to MD Start and contribute to our mission of creating new, innovative medical technology companies” said Tim Lenihan, CEO of MD Start.
About MD Start
MD Start (www.mdstart.eu) is located on the Campus of the Ecole Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne, Switzerland, one of the leading technical institutes in Europe. Founded in 2009, this Venture Capital/Industry-backed medical technology incubator aims to accelerate the development of breakthrough medical devices in Europe by providing inventors a way to develop their ideas without having to leave their practice.
MD Start is financially backed by Sofinnova Partners, Versant Ventures, Medtronic and Contract Medical International.
About Sorin Group
Sorin Group (www.sorin.com) is a global, medical device company and a leader in the treatment of cardiovascular diseases. The Company develops, manufactures, and markets medical technologies for cardiac surgery and for the treatment of cardiac rhythm disorders. With 3,700 employees worldwide, Sorin Group focuses on three major therapeutic areas: cardiopulmonary bypass (extracorporeal circulation and autotransfusion systems), cardiac rhythm management, and heart valve repair and replacement. Every year, over one million patients are treated with Sorin Group devices in more than 80 countries.
 





Print
Email





Share via email


Separate multiple email addresses with commas

Share
Send me a copy



Email preview

To: 
From: 
Subject: Look at this story on PE HUB
Sorin Group Invests in MD Start
The Sorin Group, a medical device company, has made a minority investment in MD Start, of Switzerland. MD Start, a VC and medical technology incubator in Europe, is backed by Sofinnova Partners, Versant Ventures, Medtronic and Contract Medical International.
Continue reading on PE HUB
 writes: 














Find new deal opportunities, super-charge your fundraising efforts and track top managers with VCJ. Get your FREE trial! Or subscribe now!  









Sign up to our Newsletter

Receive updates from our PE HUB Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters:


First Name:



Last Name:



Email Address:




US Edition (daily)



Canada Edition (weekly)


We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties.


I accept the Terms and Conditions









You are now subscribed to the PEHub Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters. 




Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC produces several free newsletters that are sent directly to the email you provide at registration (namely, PE Hub Wire, PE Hub Canada Wire, PE Hub Wire Top Story of the Week, Buyouts Daily, and VCJ Alert). To enable us to keep providing these services free of charge, we reserve the right to contact you with special invitations to sample or purchase private equity-related products. 
By submitting this free subscription request for any of these products, you are also consenting to this communication. Should you ever wish to unsubscribe from a particular communication you may activate the unsubscribe mechanism at the bottom of the email. This will discontinue both the special invitations mentioned previously, as well as your subscription to the weekly newsletter. The information you provide will be safeguarded by Argosy Group LLC/Buyouts Insider. The company’s subsidiaries may use it to keep you informed of relevant products and services. We occasionally allow reputable companies outside of the company to mail details of products which may be of interest to you. As an international group, we may transfer your data on a global basis for the purposes indicated above. 
WE WILL NEVER SHARE YOUR EMAIL OR CONTACT DETAILS WITH ANY OUTSIDE COMPANY HOWEVER.

			    Should you have any questions please do not hesitate to contact us: [email protected].
	    	

 




Top Posts New oil and gas company Native racks up $140 mln
by Iris Dorbian

KKR to buy Nature’s Bounty from Carlyle
by Luisa Beltran

BlackRock leads funding round for fintech platform iCapital
by Iris Dorbian

Platinum Equity to buy United Site Services
by Luisa Beltran

The PE HUB Podcast, Episode Two
by Staff Report

Private Equity Jobs of the Week: Priceline, KPMG, NovaQuest are hiring
by Eamon Murphy

The carve-out curveball
by peHUBlogger Network

Raymond James expands team with new hire
by Iris Dorbian

 











































SORIN GROUP PARTNERS WITH RESPICARDIA, INC., A DEVELOPER OF INNOVATIVE IMPLANTABLE THERAPIES
















































































































Sorin is now LivaNova. Learn more here





close

				Sorin and Cyberonics have merged and are now LivaNova.
				Information found here may no longer be correct or up-to-date: please visit www.livanova.com
				for the most current information.
				Your continued use of our website constitutes understanding and acceptance of these changes.
				






				Loading...
			



Share on Linkedin!
Youtube
RSS Feed




Sorin 

News & Press Releases




				About us
		



				Governance
		



				Investor Relations
		



				Products
		



				Heart conditions
		



				Newsroom
		



				Careers
		










				Healthcare Professionals
		



				Patients
		



				Investors
		



				Our People
		








Search in the website









	 
	















SORIN GROUP PARTNERS WITH RESPICARDIA, INC., A DEVELOPER OF INNOVATIVE IMPLANTABLE THERAPIESOpen




					Newsroom
				



										News & Press Releases
									



										Media Library
									



										Youtube Channel
									























    					Home
    				



    					News & Press Releases
    				



    					SORIN GROUP PARTNERS WITH RESPICARDIA, INC., A DEVELOPER OF INNOVATIVE IMPLANTABLE THERAPIES
    				








Oct 21, 2014


SORIN GROUP PARTNERS WITH RESPICARDIA, INC., A DEVELOPER OF INNOVATIVE IMPLANTABLE THERAPIES






Milan, Italy, October 21, 2014 – Sorin Group (Reuters Code: SORN.MI), a global medical device company and a leader in the treatment of cardiovascular diseases, announced today a $20 million minority investment in Respicardia, a developer of implantable therapies to improve Respiratory Rhythm ManagementTM. Under the terms of the transaction, Sorin also acquired the exclusive right to distribute the remedē® System for the next five years in selected countries in Europe and an exclusive option to acquire Respicardia in the future. Respicardia is based in Minneapolis, Minnesota (USA).
 
Respicardia has developed the first fully implantable device for the treatment of central sleep apnea (CSA). The remedē® System is a pacemaker-like device that delivers electrical pulses via an implantable transvenous lead to the phrenic nerve which restores a more natural, less disrupted breathing pattern. The remedē® System received CE Mark approval in 2010 and is currently being evaluated in an FDA approved randomized, controlled IDE pivotal trial.
 
Sorin’s $20 million initial investment in Respicardia will finance on-going clinical testing of the technology. This investment represents an ideal complement to Sorin’s innovative therapeutic solutions for heart failure patients.
 
Central sleep apnea (CSA) is a type of sleep-disordered breathing that disturbs the normal breathing pattern during sleep and adversely affects patients’ overall cardiovascular health. CSA is an undertreated condition and affects over five million patients worldwide.  Over one third of heart failure patients suffer from CSA with many patients experiencing a worsening of heart failure symptoms and an increased risk of death. Today there is a significant unmet clinical need for more effective therapeutic solutions to better manage patients with CSA.
 
“Sorin Group is excited to support, through this partnership with Respicardia, the development and commercialization of an innovative technology that has the potential to revolutionize the treatment of patients with central sleep apnea,” said André-Michel Ballester, CEO, Sorin Group, “Together with our CRM devices and our neuromodulation platform under development, this investment further demonstrates our commitment to developing innovative solutions for heart failure patients.”
 
“We are delighted to have Sorin Group, a leading European cardiovascular medical device company, as our strategic partner, given our complementary expertise and shared commitment to treating central sleep apnea, a significant co-morbidity for heart failure patients. Together, we look forward to providing patients with the unique and innovative remedē® System,” said Bonnie Labosky, President and CEO of Respicardia.
 
 
About Sorin Group
Sorin Group (www.sorin.com), is a global medical device company and a leader in the treatment of cardiovascular diseases. The Company develops, manufactures and markets medical technologies for cardiac surgery and for the treatment of cardiac rhythm disorders. With over 3,500 employees worldwide, the Company focuses on two major therapeutic areas: Cardiac Surgery (cardiopulmonary products for open heart surgery and heart valve repair or replacement products) and Cardiac Rhythm Management (pacemakers, defibrillators, cardiac resynchronization devices). Every year, over one million patients are treated with Sorin Group devices in more than 80 countries.
 
For more information, please refer to www.sorin.com or contact:



Gabriele Mazzoletti
			Director, Corporate Communications
			Sorin Group
			Tel: +39 02 69969785
			Mobile: +39 348 9792201
			e-mail: corporate.communications@sorin.com
Francesca Rambaudi
			Director, Investor Relations
			Sorin Group
			Telefono: +39 02 69969716
			e-mail: investor.relations@sorin.com



 
About Respicardia
Founded in late 2006 and headquartered near Minneapolis (Minnesota, United States), Respicardia is developing implantable therapies designed to improve respiratory and cardiovascular health. The company’s initial product, the remedē® System, is an implantable stimulation device designed to restore a more normal breathing pattern during sleep for central sleep apnea patients.
For more information please visit www.respicardia.com or contact:
 
Media Contact
Katie Arnold
SPRIG Consulting LLC
(408) 805-0520
katie@sprigconsulting.com







Respicardia Partnership

download
103.6 kB
application/pdf










		
			
				Latest News
			
			
		
		
	

View all








Nov 2, 2015

LivaNova Announces the Launch of the PLATINIUM ICD & CRT-D Family Providing the World’s Longest Projected Longevity.



Oct 12, 2015

MERGER DEED RELATING TO THE CROSS-BORDER MERGER OF SORIN S.P.A. WITH AND INTO LIVANOVA PLC EXECUTED AND REGISTERED WITH THE COMPANIES REGISTER CROSS-BORDER MERGER TO BECOME EFFECTIVE AS FROM OCTOBER 19, 2015



Oct 12, 2015

Publication of Prospectus



Oct 9, 2015

SORIN AND CYBERONICS ANNOUNCE APPOINTMENT OF REMAINING POST-MERGER DIRECTORS OF COMBINED COMPANY
















Powered by Tamtamy




SmartMail Alert, sign up for your favorite topics. Learn more


Close
Subscribe to SmartMail Alert

					Sign up for your favorite topics.
					Receive alerts directly to your eMail address.
					Be informed first on new products or events.
					Unsubscribe any time you want.
					


* Mandatory fields
					


First Name * 



Last Name * 



Email * 



I am *

Healthcare Professional
Patient
Analyst
Institutional Investor
Retail Investor
Job Candidate
Media
Other



Country *

Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan 
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Brazil
British Virgin Islands
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burma
Burundi 
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Congo
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Cote d'Ivoire
Croatia
Cuba
Cyprus
Czech Republic 
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic 
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia 
Falkland Islands
Federated States of Micronesia
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia 
Gabon
Gaza Strip and West Bank
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana 
Haiti
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary 
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jordan 
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan 
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg 
Macau
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique 
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
North Korea
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway 
Oman 
Pakistan
Palau
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn Islands
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico 
Qatar 
Reunion
Romania
Russia
Rwanda 
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia and Montenegro
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria 
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
The Gambia
The Holy See
Togo
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu 
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
United States Virgin Islands
Uruguay
Uzbekistan 
Vanuatu
Venezuela
Vietnam 
West Bank and Gaza Strip
Western Sahara 
Yemen 
Zambia
Zimbabwe 



Topic of interest 


Cardiac Surgery
						    

Cardiac Rhythm Management
						    

Financial Reports
						    

Investors Presentations
						    

Press Releases
						    

General News
						    






I read and agree with Sorin Group Privacy Policies *






Subscribe








CONTACT US | FRANCE | TERMS OF USE | PRIVACY STATEMENT
|
COOKIE POLICY
|
JAPAN
Sorin






Version unknown | Revision 105113 | Status unstable | SessionId 1D3479B5D0100B2A7B2889A0776AAEC2.jvm0






