
Security Check Required




FacebookJoin or Log Into Facebook   Email or PhonePasswordForgot account?Log InDo you want to join Facebook?Sign UpSign UpSecurity CheckPlease enter the text belowCan't read the text above?Try another text or an audio captchaText in the box:What's this?Security CheckThis is a standard security test that we use to prevent spammers from creating fake accounts and spamming users.SubmitEnglish (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017













 









Home





























Friday, July 28, 2017










 

















HOME / CONTACT


ABOUT US


PRODUCTS


SUPPORT


RESOURCES


TRAINING VIDEOS


EVENTS / NEWS














110 Sleepy Hollow
Middletown, DE 19709

302-449-0199








Reduce Measurement Time with the Industry’s Fastest Inspection System!
 


 








Core
OASIS Elite
CoreX2


 

 


 
Elite Dual
 



 
The OASIS is a full-featured Inspection System designed to measure multiple dimensions instantly. Our Premier Optical Inspection System combines accuracy and precision with a fast, easy to use operator interface. This non-contact Machine Vision Inspection System is designed to measure multiple profile dimensions on small parts, accurate to +/- 0.0001 inches, with all measurements done in less than a second. 
 
The OASIS is So Fast, So Easy, We'll Get You Back To Making Parts! 
 
Speed, Accurate, Easy. Measure On.
 

 
































George Products Company, Inc.
©2017 All Rights Reserved


Privacy Statement


OASIS Training Videos


Terms of Use


Sitemap





Designed by: Technigraphics, Inc.   |  
Hosting 
by: Delaware.Net



Facebook
Linkedin
Twitter
Youtube
Wordpress









Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















Matches found G  Sotiros in          the United States
    | Intelius






















Sign In




People Search
Background Check
Criminal Records
Reverse Lookup
Employee Screening
Identity Protection
Intelius Premier




Reverse Lookup
People Search








We've found G  Sotiros


We've found 5 records on G  Sotiros across 4 states in the United States.
            These states include
                                             Colorado,
                                                            Illinois,
                                                            Wisconsin,
                                                            and Florida.
                                       
Access phone number, address records, educational information, professional data, background checks and more on G  Sotiros with Intelius.

5 Records Found for G  Sotiros
                           Nationwide
                     




Name
Age
Lived At
Related to




1.
Gregory Michael Sotiros
31
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Broomfield, CO                                                     Louisville, CO                                               
 Nicholas Sotiros Derek Sotiros Phillip Sotiros Alexandra Sotiros 


2.
Gregory C Sotiros
59
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Naperville, IL                                                     La Grange Park, IL                                               
 Joanne Sotiros Constance Sotiros Paul Sotiros George Sotiros 


3.
George Edward Sotiros
51
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       New Berlin, WI                                                     Milwaukee, WI                                               
 Daniel Sotiros Nicholas Sotiros Sue Sotiros 


4.
Georgia L Sotiros
76
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Plant City, FL                                                     Franklin, WI                                                     Milwaukee, WI                                               
 Harry Sotiros 


5.
George P Sotiros

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       La Grange Park, IL                                                     Naperville, IL                                               
 Constance Sotiros Paul Sotiros Joanne Sotiros 







5 Results for G  Sotiros have been Located in the Following States



Colorado
1
in 1 City


Illinois
2
in 2 Cities


Wisconsin
1
in 1 City


Florida
1
in 1 City







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.














WEYS George Sotiros Insider Trades for Weyco Group Inc.


































Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets After Hours



Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Weyco Group Inc.

                  UTC: WEYS
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Weyco Group Inc.



After Hours
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 28, 2017, 4:29 p.m.


WEYS

/quotes/zigman/79962/composite


$
27.67




Change

0.00
0.00%

Volume
Volume 350
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/79962/composite
Today's close

$
			27.75
		


$
				27.67
			
Change

-0.08
-0.29%





Day low
Day high
$27.63
$27.99










52 week low
52 week high

            $23.75
        

            $32.30
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




George Sotiros



Mr. George Sotiros is Vice President-Information Technology at Weyco Group, Inc.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value








        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. Thomas W. Florsheim 
Chairman & Chief Executive Officer




Mr. John W. Florsheim 
President, COO, Director & Assistant Secretary




Mr. John F. Wittkowske 
Chief Financial Officer, Secretary & Senior VP




Mr. George  Sotiros 
Vice President-Information Technology




Mr. Thomas W. Florsheim 
Chairman-Emeritus




Ms. Judy  Anderson 
Treasurer & Vice President-Finance




Mr. David  Polansky 
Vice President-Sales, Stacy Adams Brand




Ms. Beverly  Goldberg 
Vice President-Sales, Florsheim Brand




Mr. Matthew J. Engerman 
Vice President-Sales, Nunn Bush Brand




Mr. Dustin  Combs 
Vice President-Sales, BOGS & Rafters Brands




Mr. Robert  Feitler 
Independent Director




Mr. Cory L. Nettles 
Independent Director




Mr. Frederick P. Stratton 
Independent Director




Ms. Tina M. Chang 
Independent Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




4:46 PM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	After


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
4:42pWall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
4:34pLong-dated Treasury yields see weekly climb 
4:33pS&P 500, Nasdaq finish lower after Amazon disappointment; Dow closes at record
4:32pThe highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart
4:32pHow to raise your kids to be frugal (but not too frugal)
4:31pCities to move to if you want to work in tech — NOT including San Francisco
4:31pWhat Donald Trump’s battle of wills with Jeff Sessions teaches you about a difficult boss
4:31pOne way you’re paying credit-card fees, even if you don’t have a card
4:30pTrump, Russia and Sanctions: What We Know 
4:30pThis is the worst mistake people make at work
4:30pMove over, breathalyzers; ‘textalyzers’ could be used on drivers’ phones 
4:29pJared Kushner’s unorthodox approach to meetings is a cautionary tale for office workers everywhere
4:28pHere’s how much you should spend on a yoga mat 
4:26p5 weird things I found out about America in my first 24 hours 
4:26pWeekend Sip: Is this the world’s first distilled non-alcoholic spirit?
4:22pGoodyear stock stumbles 11% after quarter ‘played out differently than we expected’
4:21pTime for GOP to face reality: Everybody is going to have health insurance
4:19pBREAKINGDow industrials just 170 points shy of 22,000 milestone
4:17pWhy tax cuts for the rich solve nothing
4:10pCigarette maker stocks plunge on FDA announcement, but health experts are skeptical
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,830.31

+33.76
+0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,374.68

-7.51
-0.12%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.10

-3.32
-0.13%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15






















































     WEYS Company Profile & Executives - Weyco Group Inc. - Wall Street Journal                                     DOW JONES, A NEWS CORP COMPANY         News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services.  DOW JONES  Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch   Newsmart NewsPlus Private Markets Risk & Compliance WSJ.com WSJ Pro WSJ Conference WSJ Video    NEWS CORP  Big Decisions Business Spectator Checkout51 Harper Collins New York Post PropTiger REA   realtor.com Storyful The Australian The Sun The Times              DJIA ▲  21830.31 0.15%        S&P 500 ▲  2472.10 -0.13%        Nasdaq ▲  6374.68 -0.12%        U.S. 10 Yr ▲  5/32 yield 2.294%        Crude Oil ▲  49.78 1.51%        Euro ▲  1.1757 0.69%                 Subscribe Now Sign In      The Wall Street Journal     U.S. Edition  U.S. Asia Europe India 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan)    July 28, 2017   Today's Paper     Sections    My Journal       Home   World   U.S.   Politics   Economy   Business   Tech   Markets   Opinion   Arts   Life   Real Estate   Today's Paper   SHOW ALL SECTIONS HIDE ALL SECTIONS     World Home   Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East   Economy   World Video     U.S. Home   Economy Law New York Politics   Real Time Economics Washington Wire   Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast     Politics Home   Washington Wire   Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll     Economy Home   Real Time Economics   Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video     Business Home   Management Tech/WSJ.D   Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail   CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance   Heard on the Street   Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast     Tech Home   CIO Journal   Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan   Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader     Markets Home   Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money   Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape   CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast     Opinion Home   James Freeman William A. Galston Daniel Henninger Holman W. Jenkins William McGurn Peggy Noonan Mary Anastasia O'Grady Jason Riley Kimberley A. Strassel   Books Film Television Theater Art Masterpiece Series Music Dance Opera Exhibition Cultural Commentary   Editorials Commentary Letters to the Editor The Weekend Interview Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Opinion Video Notable & Quotable Best of the Web Newsletter Morning Editorial Report Newsletter     Arts Home   Books Film Television Theater Art Masterpiece Series   Arts Video WSJ. Magazine     Life Home   Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel   Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles The Future of Everything     Real Estate Home   Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion   Real Estate Video      HIDE ALL SECTIONS      Aim higher, reach further.  Get the Wall Street Journal $12 for 12 weeks. Subscribe Now   Sign In   Reveal Navigation Options    Subscribe Sign In              Weyco Group Inc. WEYS (UTP Consol)      search    View All companies           AT CLOSE 4:00 PM EDT 07/28/17     $27.67 USD     -0.08 -0.29%     Volume 11,019      AFTER HOURS 4:29 PM EDT 07/28/17    $27.67   0.00 0.00%    AFTER HOURS Vol 350      Volume 11,019     65 Day Avg Vol 15,347     1 Day Range 27.63 - 27.985     52 Week Range 23.75 - 32.30 (03/09/17 - 01/03/17)          1 D 5 D 1 M 3 M YTD 1 Y 3 Y    $ %            Advanced Charting Compare     Compare to Benchmark:   DJIA   S&P 500   GLOBAL DOW   NASDAQ   Consumer Goods      Compare to    Add          Open  27.78   Prior Close  27.75 (07/26/17)     1 Day    WEYS -0.29%     DJIA 0.15%     Russell 2K -0.30%     Consumer Goods 0.00%                             Overview Profile Key People     Overview Profile Financials Income Statement Balance Sheet Cash Flow Research & Ratings Historical Prices Options Advanced Charting              George Sotiros Vice President-Information Technology, Weyco Group, Inc. Mr. George Sotiros is Vice President-Information Technology at Weyco Group, Inc.          News Weyco Group Inc.WEYS   Significant News Only       07/12/17 Press Release   WEYCO Group, Inc. Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call   Press Release     05/12/17 Dow Jones Newswires   Weyco Group Files 8K - Changes Exec Mgmt   Dow Jones Newswires     05/02/17 Press Release   Weyco Reports First Quarter Sales And Earnings   Press Release     load more                All Company Executives Weyco Group Inc.       Thomas W. Florsheim, 58 Chairman & Chief Executive Officer     John W. Florsheim, 53 President, COO, Director & Assistant Secretary     John F. Wittkowske, 57 Chief Financial Officer, Secretary & Senior VP     George Sotiros Vice President-Information Technology     Thomas W. Florsheim, 86 Chairman-Emeritus     Judy Anderson Treasurer & Vice President-Finance     David Polansky Vice President-Sales, Stacy Adams Brand     Beverly Goldberg Vice President-Sales, Florsheim Brand     Matthew J. Engerman Vice President-Sales, Nunn Bush Brand     Dustin Combs Vice President-Sales, BOGS & Rafters Brands     Robert Feitler, 86 Independent Director     Cory L. Nettles, 47 Independent Director     Frederick P. Stratton, 78 Independent Director     Tina M. Chang, 45 Independent Director      expand          Advertisement                 Notes & Data Providers   Real-time U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. International stock quotes are delayed as per exchange requirements. Indexes may be real-time or delayed; refer to time stamps on index quote pages for information on delay times. Quote data, except U.S. stocks, provided by SIX Financial Information. Data is provided "as is" for informational purposes only and is not intended for trading purposes. SIX Financial Information (a) does not make any express or implied warranties of any kind regarding the data, including, without limitation, any warranty of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose or use; and (b) shall not be liable for any errors, incompleteness, interruption or delay, action taken in reliance on any data, or for any damages resulting therefrom. Data may be intentionally delayed pursuant to supplier requirements.  All of the mutual fund and ETF information contained in this display was supplied by Lipper, A Thomson Reuters Company, subject to the following: Copyright  © Thomson Reuters. All rights reserved. Any copying, republication or redistribution of Lipper content, including by caching, framing or similar means, is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of Lipper. Lipper shall not be liable for any errors or delays in the content, or for any actions taken in reliance thereon. Bond quotes are updated in real-time. Source: Tullett Prebon. Currency quotes are updated in real-time. Source: Tullet Prebon. Fundamental company data and analyst estimates provided by FactSet. Copyright  FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved.        Advertisement                


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












SEC Filings









 Salesmen Order Entry
Customer Order Entry 
Customer Utilities
Vendors
Careers 
California Supply Chains Act 
CPC 




 

Home
 Investor Relations
Press Release 
SEC Filing
Corporate Governance 
Corporate Officers 
Dividend History 



Corporate Officers 
Updated 05/02/2017





Directors
Thomas W. Florsheim
              Chairman Emeritus
Thomas W. Florsheim, Jr.
              Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
John W. Florsheim
              President, Chief Operating Officer and Assistant Secretary
Robert Feitler
              Chairman, Executive Committee
Tina Chang
              Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of SysLogic, Inc. 
Cory L. Nettles
              Managing Director, Generation Growth Capital, Inc.
Frederick P. Stratton, Jr.
              Chairman Emeritus, Briggs & Stratton Corporation. 









Executive Officers 
Thomas W. Florsheim, Jr. 
              Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 John W. Florsheim
              President, Chief Operating Officer and Assistant Secretary 
John F. Wittkowske
              Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary 
Judy Anderson
Vice President, Finance and Treasurer
Mike Bernsteen
              Vice President, and President of Nunn Bush Brand
Dustin Combs
Vice President, and President of BOGS and Rafters Brands
Brian Flannery
              Vice President, and President of Stacy Adams Brand
            
Kevin Schiff
Vice President and President of Florsheim Brand
George Sotiros
Vice President, Information Technology and Vice President, Distribution
Allison Woss
Vice President, Supply Chain         









Officers            
William Combs
              Vice President, Founder and Director of Product of BOGS and Rafters Brands
Riley Combs
              Vice President Sales, BOGS and Rafters Brands 
David Cook
              Vice President, BOGS Marketing
            
Steele Davidoff
              Vice President, Licensing 
Jeff Douglass
              Vice President, Marketing
            
Beverly Goldberg
            Vice President Sales, Florsheim Brand
Al Jackson
              Vice President, Customer Relations/Vendor Compliance 
Kim Kesler
              Vice President, Credit
Kevin Kious
            Vice President Work Sales, BOGS Brand
DeAnna Osteen
              Vice President, Human Resources
            
David Polansky
              Vice President Sales, Stacy Adams Brand
Keven Ringgold
              Vice President, Design 
Mary Kelly, Santos
              Vice President Product Development, BOGS and Rafters Brands            
Maria Stavrides
            Vice President, Weyco Canada            
Joshua Wisenthal
Vice President, Product Development - Canada 





 


ÂŠ2011  | www.weycogroup.com | sitemap 



