










 




Sound Point Capital Management, LP: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 4:47 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Sound Point Capital Management, LP



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Sound Point Capital is a hedge fund.


375 Park Avenue25th FloorNew York, NY 10152United States



Phone: 212-895-2280

Fax: 917-591-5903

www.soundpointcap.com







Key Executives for Sound Point Capital Management, LP




Mr. Stephen Jerome  Ketchum


      	Founder, Managing Partner, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Investment Officer, and Portfolio Manager
      


Age: 56
        







Mr. Gregory A. Finck


      	Co-Founder
      








Mr. Peter Smith


      	Co-Founder
      








Mr. Kevin Peter Gerlitz


      	Chief Operating Officer
      








Ms. Sarah Zeller Seelaus


      	Head of Business Development and Co-Head of Marketing
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Sound Point Capital Management, LP Key Developments

Sound Point Capital Management, LP Presents at 2017 Illiquid Financial Assets Conference, Mar-09-2017 09:25 AM
Mar 7 17
Sound Point Capital Management, LP Presents at 2017 Illiquid Financial Assets Conference, Mar-09-2017 09:25 AM. Venue: The Westin New York Grand Central, New York, United States. Speakers: Stephen Jerome Ketchum, Founder, Managing Partner, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Investment Officer, and Portfolio Manager.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Bankruptcy

			      May 18, 2017
			    
EB Holdings II, Inc.



Private Placement

			      April 4, 2017
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Sound Point Capital Management, LP, please visit www.soundpointcap.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close

































Sound Point Capital Management, L.P.






























Interested in working for Sound Point Capital Management, L.P.?
Join our talent community to let us know you're interested and increase your visibility.

					Join Now
				
OR

					Log In
				









About Sound Point Capital Management, L.P.


Sound Point Capital Management, LP (“Sound Point”) is an asset management firm founded in 2008 with particular expertise in credit strategies. Sound Point is the investment advisor for the Sound Point Credit Opportunities Fund, the Sound Point Senior Floating Rate Fund, the Sound Point Beacon Fund, the Sound Point CLO Fund, eleven Collateralized Loan Obligations (“CLOs”) and several separately managed accounts. Sound Point’s primary investment objectives across our products are (i) to preserve capital in all market conditions and (ii) to generate attractive rates of return with low volatility.
Sound Point was founded by Stephen Ketchum in conjunction with certain principals of Stone Point Capital (www.stonepoint.com), a private equity firm. Stephen Ketchum has over 24 years of credit structuring, advisory and investment management experience and a successful track record of building and managing teams. Sound Point’s senior portfolio management team has an average of 18 years’ experience in the credit markets.
Sound Point manages money on behalf of institutions, pensions, foundations, insurance companies, wealth management firms, family offices and high net worth individuals. In total, as of May 31, 2016, Sound Point managed over $8.2 billion in assets.












Sound Point Capital Management
375 Park Avenue, 25th Floor, New York City, NY

 












Menu


Log In






 OneWire
        

Back to top




Skip to main content





        Search Jobs
    

        CEO Interviews
    

        Companies
    

        About
    

        Join
    
|

        Log In
    
Are you an employer?













×










Candidates

Search Jobs
Join Now
How It Works
CEO Interviews
Top Jobs
Candidate FAQ
Get an Edge



Employers

Our Technology
Managed Services
Executive Search
Testimonials
Clients
Employers FAQ
Contact Sales



The Basics



About Us
Careers at OneWire
Contact Us
Press
Partners










More from OneWire

Advice & Insights
Directory



Policies

Posting Guidelines
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
DMCA



Follow Us






















2017 OneWire Inc. All Rights Reserved. PATENT PENDING. 23.6.0.7194
AZUREWEB03





















Sound Point Capital | Welcome

































Login
Forgot your password?
Request Access










About
Team
Contact




Login


About
Team
Products
Investor Documents
Contact







Expertise in corporate
Credit strategies






About

Sound Point’s primary investment objective is to preserve capital in all market conditions and to generate attractive rates of return with low volatility


Sound Point Capital Management, LP (“Sound Point”) is an asset management firm founded in 2008 with particular expertise in credit strategies. Sound Point is the investment advisor for the Sound Point Credit Opportunities Fund, the Sound Point Senior Floating Rate Fund, the Sound Point Beacon Fund, the Sound Point CLO Fund, fifteen Collateralized Loan Obligations (“CLOs”) and several separately managed accounts. Sound Point’s primary investment objectives across our products are (i) to preserve capital in all market conditions and (ii) to generate attractive rates of return with low volatility.
Sound Point was founded by Stephen Ketchum and principals of Stone Point Capital (www.stonepoint.com), with a recent minority investment from Dyal Capital Partners. Stephen Ketchum has over 26 years of credit structuring, advisory and investment management experience and a successful track record of building and managing teams. Sound Point’s senior portfolio management team has an average of 18 years’ experience in the credit markets.
Sound Point manages money on behalf of institutions, pensions, foundations, insurance companies, wealth management firms, family offices and high net worth individuals. In total, as of May 31, 2017, Sound Point managed over $13 billion in assets.
The Sound Point Floating Rate Income Fund has moved to the American Beacon platform and the fund's information can be accessed here click here.



Contact Us






Exceptional client service is a top priority.For additional inquiries, please contact us


Contact Us








Message
Send





Main
Phone: (212) 895-2280 | Fax: (917) 591-5903Email: marketing@soundpointcap.com


If you are interested in exploring current opportunities at our firm or submitting your information for employment consideration, please join our Talent Community.







Sound Point Capital Management, LPStephen Ketchum375 Park Avenue, 33rd FloorNew York, NY 10152










Home | About Us | Team | Contact Us | Privacy Policy | Terms of use

				© 2017 Sound Point Capital Funds. Stephen Ketchum. All Rights Reserved
			









PRIVACY POLICY

Effective as of November 1, 2013
OUR COMMITMENT TO PRIVACY
Sound Point Capital Management, LP (“Sound Point Capital”) and/or its respective affiliated entities (collectively, “Sound Point”) realize the importance of feeling safe online and are committed to respecting and protecting your privacy.  This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) discloses what information we gather on our Web site, www.soundpointcap.com (the “Site”), the ways in which we process and, sometimes, share such information, and how you can correct or change such information.  This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and subject to the Terms of Use.  Except where otherwise expressly indicated herein or on the Site, this Privacy Policy applies only to information collected on the Site and does not apply to information collected outside of the Site. By visiting the Site, you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree, please do not use or access the Site.
Before submitting information to Sound Point through your use of the Site, including, without limitation, through the submission of your prospective user questionnaire, please read the following to learn more about the Privacy Policy of the Sound Point.  By visiting or submitting information on the Site you acknowledge that you accept the practices and policies outlined in this Privacy Policy, and consent to having your data transferred to and processed in the United States.  If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not use the Site.
Certain areas of the Site contain information intended only for investors’ and/or other visitors to the Site for whom Sound Point provides login credentials (each, a “Registrant”). Accordingly, Sound Point reserves the right to limit access to certain non-public restricted areas of the Site to Registrants (“Restricted Areas”).  Unless otherwise indicated, the term “Site” as used throughout this Privacy Policy shall include the public areas of the Site and the Restricted Areas.  This Privacy  Policy addresses our privacy practices relating to general use of the Site as well as its use by any Registrant or visitor to the Site (each a “User”).  For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, “you” or “your” shall refer to you as a User of this Site.
OVERVIEW
We have adopted general policies and procedures concerning confidentiality, proprietary data and privacy of personal information, and the information we gather by way of or through use of the Site is protected by those policies and procedures. Generally, we collect non-public personal information about our clients and investors from the following sources:
Information received from past, present and potential clients or investors on applications or other forms, including the information we collect on the Site and on the prospective user questionnaire, and
Information about clients’ or investors’ transactions with us, our affiliates or others.
Our policy is that:
We do not disclose any non-public personal information about our current or former clients or investors to anyone, except as permitted by law. We share non-public personal information with certain service providers and we require those service providers to keep the non-public information confidential.
We restrict access to non-public personal information about our clients and investors to employees and service providers who need to know that information to provide services to our clients.
We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards that comply with federal standards to guard clients’ and investors’ personal information.
THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We collect the following types of information from our Users:
PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION
We may receive and store any information you enter on the Site or provide to us in any other way, including, without limitation, a prospective user questionnaire, that would allow us to identify you or contact you (collectively “Personally Identifiable Information”).  The Personally Identifiable Information you provide will only be used by Sound Point in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
If you have been provided a username and password to access Restricted Areas on this Site, you must provide to us the following Personally Identifiable Information: your name, mailing address, email address, phone number(s) and fax number.  In addition, you may have provided Sound Point certain Personally Identifiable Information related to financial matters, including, without limitation, social security numbers, employment, asset, income and other household information, other personal financial data, investment portfolio information and other investment information.
You can choose not to provide us with certain Personally Identifiable Information, but then you may not be able to access the Restricted Areas.
AUTOMATIC INFORMATION
In general, you can browse the public areas of the Site without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself.  We may receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us through your use of the Site.  Sound Point automatically receives and records your browser information, operating system information, IP address, cookie information and the page you requested.  This information will not be stored in a manner that is personally identifiable with you.
Aggregate Information
In connection with your visit to the Site, we may automatically collect usage information, such as the numbers and frequency of Users to the Site and their components.  This data is only used in the aggregate, that is, as a statistical measure, and not in a manner that would identify you personally.
Cookies
We use “cookies” to help you access and navigate the Site more efficiently and to statistically monitor how many people are using the Site.  A “cookie” is a small file or tool stored on the User’s hard drive containing information that allows us to deliver customized information to you.  If you are a Registrant, we may use cookies to store your e-mail address, user name, preferences and password so we can identify you when you return to the Site, track your use of the Site and customize the Site for you.  You may set your browser to notify you of or decline the receipt of cookies; however, certain features of the Site may not function properly or be available if your browser is configured to disable cookies.
Sound Point uses both “session” and “persistent” cookies on the Site.  Session cookies are temporary bits of information that are erased once you exit your Web browser or turn off your computer.  Persistent cookies are more permanent bits of information that are placed on the hard drive of your computer and stay there unless you delete the cookie.  They store information on your computer for a number of reasons, such as retrieving certain information you have previously provided (i.e., username and password), helping to determine what areas of the Site you find most valuable, and customizing the Site based on your preferences on an ongoing basis.  Persistent cookies placed on your computer by a Site do not store any personal information.
E-mail Communications
When you send an e-mail to Sound Point, either through the “Contact” area of the Site or otherwise, Sound Point may retain your e-mail address and the contents of the e-mail you send.  If you want to keep any private or proprietary information, please do not send such information in an e-mail or otherwise post such information to Sound Point.  We may also receive a confirmation when you open an e-mail from Sound Point if your computer supports this type of program, in order to help us make e-mails more interesting and helpful.
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
When you provide us with your Personally Identifiable Information, we may use such information to manage a registry of all of our Registrants, facilitate communication between Sound Point and you, notify you of features or special events and provide you with other information we feel may be of interest to you.  We also use information we collect to customize, analyze, adjust and improve the Site to meet our Users’ needs and expectations.  We may use the information to oversee adherence to our guidelines, to enforce our agreements with you, to prevent fraud and other prohibited or illegal activities and for other legally permissible purposes.  These uses improve the Site and better tailor it to meet your needs, so as to provide you with a smooth, efficient, safe and customized experience while using the Site.  These uses of your Personally Identifiable Information may include, without limitation, the following:
Restricted Areas
If you are a visitor to the Site and provide Sound Point with a prospective user questionnaire in order to request access to the Restricted Areas of the Site, Sound Point uses the data provided on such questionnaire to determine whether you meet certain legal criteria that Sound Point will use to determine whether to permit you access to such Restricted Areas.
As a Registrant of the Site with access to the Restricted Areas, we use the Personally Identifiable Information you provide to send you Sound Point publications, information about Registrant benefits and special features and events and other information that Sound Point believes is relevant and useful to its Registrants.  Sound Point does not sell mailing lists (names and mailing addresses) and e-mail addresses of Registrants to third parties.
Aggregate Information
The aggregate information collected by Sound Point is also used to create portraits of the audience for the Site, portraits which present anonymous statistical demographic information but no Personally Identifiable Information.  This aggregated information is used, among other things, to determine trends and needs.
WITH WHOM WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION
Except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy, we will not give, share, sell, or trade your Personally Identifiable Information to or with any third parties in any way other than under the following circumstances:
Affiliates
We may share your Personally Identifiable Information with our affiliates, including, but not limited to, our subsidiaries as well as strategic business partners, who may use your information for purposes similar to the purposes for which we collect such information.  We require all such companies to comply with the terms of our Privacy Policy.
Fulfillment of Services
We may retain other companies and individuals to perform functions consistent with our Privacy Policy on our behalf.  Examples include financial service providers, such as administrators, placement agents and prime brokers, who assist Sound Point as part of the ordinary course of servicing investment, legal representatives of Sound Point, such as counsel, accountants and auditors, persons acting in a fiduciary or representative capacity, such as an IRA custodian or trustee, marketing companies, customer support specialists, Web hosting companies, fulfillment companies (e.g., companies that coordinate mailings), data analysis firms and e-mail service providers.  Such third parties may be provided with access to Personally Identifiable Information needed to perform their functions, but may not use such information for any other purpose.
Compliance with Law and Fraud Protection
We may disclose any information, including, without limitation, Personally Identifiable Information, we deem necessary, in our sole discretion and without your prior permission, to comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request.  We may also exchange information, including, without limitation, Personally Identifiable Information, with other companies and organizations for credit fraud protection, risk reduction and related activities.  Sound Point reserves the right to disclose Personally Identifiable Information for a User who we believe is in violation of our Terms of Use, even without a subpoena, warrant, or other court order.
Sale or Transfer of Information
In the event of a sale, merger, liquidation, dissolution, or sale or transfer of any portion of the assets of Sound Point, Personally Identifiable Information and/or other information collected about you from or through the use of the Site may be sold, assigned, or transferred to the party acquiring such assets of Sound Point in order to permit the party to continue the operation of the Site or any portion thereof, including the Restricted Areas.  Subject to your ability to opt-out, by using the Site and submitting your information to us, you consent to the sale and transfer of your information as described in this paragraph.
Except as described above, we will not disclose your Personally Identifiable Information to other third parties unless you have provided consent.
CONTROL OF YOUR PASSWORD AND PERSONAL INFORMATION
You are responsible for all actions taken with your username and password. Therefore, we recommend that you do not disclose your username or password to anyone. You may not allow others to use your username or password to access or use any part of this Site. If your username or password has been compromised for any reason, you should contact us immediately for a new username and password.
You can review and change the information that you submit to us by contacting us at marketing@soundpointcap.com. You can change your username, password, email address, contact information, financial information, other personal information and user preferences. You must promptly update your personal information if it changes or is inaccurate.
On your request, we will deactivate your password and remove your contact information and financial information from our active databases. Your password will be deactivated promptly based on your account activity and in accordance with our deactivation policy.
We will retain in our files the personal information you have asked us to remove from our active databases to prevent fraud, resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigations, enforce our Terms of Use and comply with legal requirements. Therefore, you should not expect that your personal information will be completely removed from our databases in response to your requests. However, such personal information will only be available to select employees, service providers and governmental persons or entities.
THIRD PARTY LINKS
The Site may contain links to third-party Web sites.  Please be aware that we cannot control and are not responsible for the information collection practices of such Web sites, which may differ from those of Sound Point.  We encourage you to review and understand the privacy policies of these Web sites before providing any information to them.
USERS FROM OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES
The Site is hosted in the United States. The Site is governed by the law of the State of New York.  If you are visiting the Site from outside the United States, please be aware that your information will be transferred to, stored, and processed in the United States where our servers are located and our central database is operated.  The data protection and other laws of the United States might not be as comprehensive as those in your country.  By using the Site, you consent to your information being transferred to our facilities and to the facilities of those third parties with whom we share it as described in this Privacy Policy.
SECURITY
We use procedural and technical safeguards to protect your personal information against loss or theft as well as unauthorized access and disclosure to protect your privacy, which may include encryption, “firewalls” and Secure Socket Layers. We treat data as an asset that must be protected against loss and unauthorized access. We employ security techniques to protect such data from unauthorized access by users inside and outside the company.
We want you to feel confident using the Site.  However, no system can be completely secure.  Therefore, although we take steps to secure your information, we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your Personally Identifiable Information, searches, or other communications will always remain secure.  In the event of a breach of the confidentiality or security of your Personally Identifiable Information, we will notify you as necessary so you can take appropriate protective steps.  We may notify you under such circumstances using the e-mail address(es) we have on record for you, and if you did not provide an e-mail address, by regular mail.  Users should also take care with how they handle and disclose their Personally Identifiable Information.  Please refer to the Federal Trade Commission’s Web site at http://www.ftc.gov/bcp/menus/consumer/data.shtm for information about how to protect yourself against identity theft.
CHILDREN
Persons under age 18 are not eligible to use the Site.
CONDITIONS OF USE
If you choose to visit the Site, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use, including any limitations on damages and the application of the law of the State of New York.  If you have any concern about privacy, please send a thorough description of your concerns to Sound Point at the following email address: marketing@soundpointcap.com.
CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
This Privacy Policy may change from time to time. We may amend this Privacy Policy at any time by posting the amended terms on the Site. All amended terms shall automatically be effective thirty (30) days after they are initially posted on the Site.  If Sound Point materially changes this Privacy Policy to permit it or its affiliates to share additional information Sound Point has about you or to permit disclosures to additional types of parties, you will be notified in advance, and, if required by law, you will be given the opportunity to consent to such disclosure, as appropriate, or opt out of such additional disclosure to direct us not to share your information with such parties.

				Sound Point Capital Management, LP
				375 Park Avenue, 25th Floor
				New York, NY 10152
				212-895-2280
marketing@soundpointcap.com





TERMS OF USE

Effective as of November 1, 2013

Please read these Terms of Use before using the Site (as defined below).  Your access to and use of the Site is subject to these Terms of Use and all applicable laws and regulations.  The Terms of Use constitute a legal agreement between you and Sound Point (as defined below).  The Site is available only to, and may only be used by, individuals who can form legally binding contracts under applicable law.  Without limiting the foregoing, the Site is not available to persons under age 18. By accessing and using the Site, you accept and agree to, without qualification, these Terms of Use and represent and warrant that you have the authority to bind the Use to these Terms of Use.  If you do not accept and agree to these Terms of Use without qualification, you should exit the Site immediately.
THE SITE
Sound Point Capital Management, LP (“Sound Point Capital”) and/or its respective affiliated entities (collectively, “Sound Point”) provide, through use of their Web site, www.soundpointcap.com (the “Site”), information regarding Sound Point Capital’s investment advisory business.  This Site is owned and operated by Sound Point and is being provided to you under the following terms and conditions and any operating rules, policies, and procedures that may be published from time to time on this Site by Sound Point (collectively, the “Terms of Use”).
These Terms of Use govern visitors’ (“Visitors”) access to and use of the public areas of the Site that are available to all Visitors (“Public Areas”).  In addition to the Public Areas of the Site, these Terms of Use also govern investors’ and/or other visitors to the Site for whom Sound Point Capital provides login credentials (each, a “Registrant” and collectively with Visitors, “Users”) access to and use of certain non-public restricted areas of the Site (the “Restricted Areas”).  Only Registrants may access the Restricted Areas of the Site.  Unless otherwise indicated, the term “Site” as used throughout these Terms of Use shall include the Public Areas and the Restricted Areas.  For the purposes of these Terms of Use, “you” or “your” shall refer to you as a Visitor to or Registrant of this Site.
PERSONAL AND NON-COMMERCIAL USE LIMITATION
The Site is for your personal and non-commercial use.  Sound Point hereby grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable and limited personal license to access and use the Site, conditioned on your continued compliance with these Terms of Use. You may not modify, copy (except as set forth below), distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, create derivative works from, transfer, or sell any information, products or services obtained from the Site. You may not link other websites to the Site without Sound Point’s prior written permission. You may print one hard copy of the information and download one temporary copy of the information into one single computer’s memory solely for your own personal, non-commercial use and not for distribution, provided that all relevant copyright, trademark and other proprietary notices are kept intact.
All information in the Restricted Areas of the Site is confidential and private and you may not disclose or distribute such information to any other person for any purpose.  Such information is made available solely for your personal use in connection with your current or potential investment activities.
You are prohibited from using the Site to advertise or perform any commercial solicitation. You also are prohibited from using any robot, spider, scraper or other automated means to access the Site for any purpose without the prior written permission of Sound Point. You may not take any action that imposes, or may impose, in our sole discretion, an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure, interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Site or any activities conducted on the Site, or bypass any measures that we may use to prevent or restrict access to the Site. You shall not, directly or indirectly, reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, translate or convert any computer programs used to access the Site.  Any special rules for the use of certain software and other content accessible on the Site may be included elsewhere within the Site and are incorporated into these Terms of Use by reference.  Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved.
Unauthorized access to and/or use of the Site, or to the telecommunications or computer facilities used to deliver the Site, is a breach of these Terms of Use and is a violation of law.
NON-EUROPEAN INVESTORS
Registering to access and/or accessing the Site and the information that it contains constitutes a request by you, at your initiative, to be provided with information about the funds referenced on this website (the “Funds”).  Neither Sound Point Capital nor Sound Point RE, nor any of their affiliates, intends to actively market any Funds to investors in the European Union or the European Economic Area and, therefore, Sound Point Capital (and its affiliates) are outside the scope of the Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive (Directive 2011/61/EU) (the “AIFMD”) and are not subject to the requirements of the AIFMD.   If you are a prospective investor located in, or have your registered office in, the European Union or the European Economic Area, as a condition to your use of this Site, you represent that you acknowledge and understand that the information contained on this Site may not include information that Sound Point Capital would have been required to provide to you, or to otherwise make public, had either Sound Point Capital been required to comply with the AIFMD, and Sound Point Capital may not provide to you such information or sales materials which would otherwise have been required by the AIFMD.
REGISTRATION INFORMATION
Any and all investors currently holding interests in investment vehicles managed by Sound Point Capital will be provided login credentials by Sound Point Capital to access the Restricted Areas of the Site.  If you are a current investor and have not received such login credentials, please contact Sound Point Capital to obtain access to the Restricted Areas of the Site.
In addition to investors, certain Visitors may request access to the Restricted Areas of the Site by completing and submitting to Sound Point Capital a prospective user questionnaire [insert hyperlink here to questionnaire].  When you submit the questionnaire, you will be required to provide Sound Point Capital with the following information: your name, complete address information, e-mail address, telephone numbers and fax number.
In order to use the Restricted Area, a Registrant must: (a) provide certain current, complete, and accurate information about the Registrant on the questionnaire and otherwise; (b) maintain and update such Registrant information as required to keep information current, complete, and accurate; (c) provide all equipment, including a computer and modem, necessary to establish a connection to the Web; (d) provide for the Registrant’s own access to the Web; and (e) pay any telephone, data, hosting or other service fees associated with such access.  Sound Point Capital reserves the right to decline to provide you with access, or to terminate your access, to any Restricted Areas if Sound Point Capital learns that you have provided it with false, misleading or inaccurate registration information on the questionnaire, and otherwise at any time and for any reason, in Sound Point Capital’s sole and absolute discretion.
REGISTRANT LOGIN CREDENTIALS
Access to and use of the Restricted Areas is through certain login credentials, which include a combination of your username and a password that Sound Point Capital provides to you as an investor, client and/or other Visitor of the Site following its review of your questionnaire and its approval of your access to the Restricted Areas, which approval may be granted or withheld by Sound Point Capital in its sole and absolute discretion.
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your username and passwords.  You are entirely responsible for any and all activities which occur under your username and password whether or not authorized by you.  Although Sound Point will not be liable for losses caused by any unauthorized use of Registrant’s account, Registrants may be liable for the losses of Sound Point or others due to such unauthorized use.
You may not allow others to use your username or password to access or use any part of the Site. If you know or believe that your username and/or password has been compromised for any reason, you should contact Sound Point Capital immediately to request new login credentials. If you provide your username and password to any third party, you will be solely responsible for any actions taken by such third party using your username and password.
NO SECURITIES OFFERING OR INVESTMENT ADVICE
The materials, content and information available on the Site are for information purposes only and do not constitute any investment advice or advertisement or an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase any share/interest in any investment vehicles.  Any such offerings of securities may only be made only by prospectus or private offering memoranda by persons who are registered, or not required to be registered as broker-dealers or agents in the particular jurisdiction, and in accordance with applicable law, including, without limitation, the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.  The Site is not intended for distribution to or use by any person in any jurisdiction or country where such distribution or use would be contrary to local law or regulation.
The information on the Site provided on a confidential basis.  It is not intended as and does not constitute investment advice or legal or tax advice or an offer to sell any securities to any person or a solicitation of any person of any offer to purchase any securities. The information in the Site should not be construed as Sound Point’s endorsement, recommendation or sponsorship of any company or security. There are inherent risks in relying on, using or retrieving any information found on the Site, and Sound Point urges you to make sure that you understand these risks before relying on, using or retrieving any information on the Site. You should evaluate the information made available through the Site, and you should seek the advice of professionals, as appropriate, to evaluate any opinion, advice, product, service or other information.  The material available on the Site has been prepared from original sources and data believed to be reliable.  However no representations are made as to the accuracy or completeness thereof, and it is subject to change without notice.  Any investment in any privately offered investment product involves a high degree of risk and is suitable only for sophisticated investors.
Sound Point Capital’s businesses are not designed or intended to replace any services provided by their respective clients’ other legal, tax and financial advisors.  Clients of Sound Point Capital, any investors holding interests in investment vehicles managed by Sound Point Capital, or other Visitors or Registered Users of the Site must rely entirely on their own advisors as to legal, tax, financial or other matters relevant to the suitability of any investment.
You acknowledge that any of your requests for information are unsolicited and any information provided or made available by Sound Point shall neither constitute nor be construed as investment advice from Sound Point to you or to form an investment advisory relationship, or any other client relationship between you and Sound Point or any of its affiliates or employees. Sound Point strongly recommends that you seek outside advice from a qualified securities professional. Sound Point does not guarantee the suitability or potential value of any particular investment or information source.  Clients of Sound Point Capital may from time to time be invested or otherwise hold an interest in companies or securities that may be discussed on the Site.
FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS
THE SITE MAY INCLUDE FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS THAT INVOLVE RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES CONCERNING THE OPERATIONS, PROSPECTS, STRATEGIES, FINANCIAL CONDITION AND FUTURE ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE OF SOUND POINT CAPITAL’S BUSINESSES, AND OF THE FUNDS AND/OR OTHER INVESTMENT VEHICLES MANAGED BY SOUND POINT CAPITAL AS WELL AS SOUND POINT CAPITAL’S INTENTIONS, PLANS AND OBJECTIVES, THAT ARE BEYOND THE CONTROL OF SOUND POINT CAPITAL. THESE STATEMENTS ARE BASED UPON A NUMBER OF ASSUMPTIONS AND ESTIMATES WHICH ARE SUBJECT TO SIGNIFICANT UNCERTAINTIES, MANY OF WHICH ARE BEYOND THE CONTROL OF SOUND POINT CAPITAL. WHEN USED ON THE SITE, WORDS LIKE “ANTICIPATES,” “EXPECTS,” “BELIEVES,” “ESTIMATES,” “SEEKS,” “PLANS,” “INTENDS,” “WILL” AND SIMILAR EXPRESSIONS ARE INTENDED TO IDENTIFY FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS DESIGNED TO FALL WITHIN SECURITIES LAW SAFE HARBORS FOR FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS. THE SITE AND THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN DO NOT CONSTITUTE AN OFFER OR SOLICITATION OF AN OFFER FOR SALE OF ANY SECURITIES. NONE OF THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN IS INTENDED TO BE, AND SHALL NOT BE DEEMED TO BE, INCORPORATED INTO ANY OF OUR SECURITIES OFFERING MATERIALS, SECURITIES FILINGS OR DOCUMENTS.
PERFORMANCE DATA
ANY PERFORMANCE DATA EXPRESSED ON THE SITE IS AN INDICATION OF PAST PERFORMANCE AND DOES NOT INDICATE OR GUARANTEE FUTURE RESULTS. THERE IS A POSSIBILITY OF LOSS ON ALL INVESTMENTS AND INVESTOR PRINCIPAL IS NOT GUARANTEED. THE PAST PERFORMANCE OF ANY INVESTMENT, INVESTMENT STRATEGY OR INVESTMENT STYLE IS NOT INDICATIVE OF FUTURE PERFORMANCE, WHICH MAY BE SIGNIFICANTLY AFFECTED BY CHANGES IN ECONOMIC AND OTHER CONDITIONS.
TRUTHFUL INFORMATION
As a condition to your use of the Site, you represent and warrant to, and agree with, Sound Point that, all information, including, without limitation, any information provided on the prospective user questionnaire, that you provide to Sound Point shall be truthful, accurate and complete.
DISCLAIMERS AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
THE INFORMATION, SOFTWARE AND/OR SERVICES MADE AVAILABLE ON OR THROUGH THE USE OF THIS SITE MAY INCLUDE INACCURACIES OR TYPOGRAPHICAL ERRORS. DUE TO VARIOUS FACTORS, INCLUDING THE INHERENT POSSIBILITY OF HUMAN AND MECHANICAL ERROR, THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, TIMELINESS AND CORRECT SEQUENCING OF SUCH INFORMATION, SOFTWARE AND SERVICES AND THE RESULTS OBTAINED FROM THEIR USE ARE NOT GUARANTEED BY SOUND POINT OR ANY PERSONS CREATING OR TRANSMITTING SUCH INFORMATION, SOFTWARE AND SERVICES.
THE USE OF THE SITE IS AT THE USER’S SOLE RISK.  THE SITE IS PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS. SOUND POINT AND/OR ITS THIRD PARTY PROVIDERS MAY MAKE IMPROVEMENTS AND/OR CHANGES IN THE CONTENT AND OPERATION OF THE SITE AT ANY TIME WITHOUT NOTICE. THE SITE MAY BE TEMPORARILY UNAVAILABLE FROM TIME TO TIME DUE TO REQUIRED MAINTENANCE, TELECOMMUNICATIONS INTERRUPTIONS OR OTHER REASONS.  SOUND POINT AND/OR ITS THIRD PARTY PROVIDERS MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS ABOUT THE SUITABILITY OF THE INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS AND SERVICES CONTAINED ON OR MADE AVAILABLE THROUGH THE USE OF THIS SITE FOR ANY PURPOSE OR AS TO THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE USE OF THE SITE OR AS TO THE ACCURACY OR RELIABILITY OF ANY CONTENT OR ANY INFORMATION OBTAINED THROUGH THE SITE. ALL SUCH INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS AND SERVICES ARE PROVIDED WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. SOUND POINT AND/OR ITS RESPECTIVE SUPPLIERS HEREBY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS WITH REGARD TO THIS INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS AND SERVICES, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT AND AVAILABILITY. BECAUSE SOME STATES/JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, THE ABOVE EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
YOUR USE OF THE SITE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK. YOU ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM, LOSS OF DATA OR ANY OTHER DAMAGE OR LOSS THAT RESULTS FROM THE DOWNLOAD OF ANY CONTENT FROM THE SITE. IN NO EVENT SHALL SOUND POINT AND/OR ITS THIRD PARTY PROVIDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH OR RELATING TO THE USE OF OR ACCESS TO THIS SITE OR WITH THE DELAY OR INABILITY TO USE THIS SITE, OR FOR ANY INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS OR SERVICES OBTAINED THROUGH THIS SITE, WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF SOUND POINT OR ANY OF ITS SUPPLIERS HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGES. BECAUSE SOME STATES/JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
SOUND POINT AND ANY PERSON CREATING, MAKING AVAILABLE OR TRANSMITTING THE INFORMATION ON THE SITE SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY INFECTION BY VIRUSES OF OR DAMAGE TO ANY COMPUTER THAT RESULTS FROM YOUR USE OF, ACCESS TO OR DOWNLOADING OF SUCH INFORMATION. IF YOU ARE DISSATISFIED WITH THE INFORMATION, PRODUCTS OR SERVICES OFFERED AT THE SITE OR WITH THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THESE TERMS OF USE, YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY IS TO DISCONTINUE USE OF AND ACCESS TO THE SITE.
OWNERSHIP OF CONTENT
The Site and all of its content, including but not limited to all text, graphics, charts, audio, logos, images, data compilations, icons, code and software (“Content”), are the property of Sound Point and are protected by U.S. and international copyright and other intellectual property and related laws, rules and regulations, with all rights reserved unless otherwise noted.  All trademarks, service marks, trade names and other product and service names and logos displayed on the Site are proprietary to Sound Point, including all registered and unregistered trademarks and service marks of Sound Point.  If the Site includes any trademarks, service marks, trade names or logos of any third parties, such items are the proprietary marks and names of their respective owners, and are protected by applicable trademark and intellectual property laws.  Nothing contained on the Site should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any trademark displayed on this Site without the prior written permission of Sound Point or such third party that may own the trademarks displayed on this Site. You may not use the trademarks displayed on the Site.  Your use of any Content, whether owned by Sound Point or any third party, without Sound Point’s express written permission, is strictly prohibited except as otherwise expressly permitted in these Terms of Use. Without limiting the foregoing, you are prohibited from using any of Sound Point’s copyrighted material or trademarks for any purpose, including, but not limited to, use as metatags, links or otherwise on any website, without the prior written permission of Sound Point.
COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT
Sound Point does not permit infringing copyright activities and other infringement of intellectual property rights on its site, and Sound Point will remove Content if properly notified that such Content infringes on another’s intellectual property rights.  If you are a copyright owner or an agent thereof and believe that any Content made available on the Site infringes upon or otherwise conflicts with your copyrights, you may submit a notification pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”) by providing our copyright agent with the following information in writing (see 17 U.S.C. § 512(c)(3) for further detail):  (a) a physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed; (b) identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site; (c) identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled and information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to locate the material; (d) information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to contact you, such as an address, telephone number, and an electronic mail address; (e) a statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and (f) a statement that the information in the notification is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.  Please contact Sound Point’s designated Copyright Agent, Sarah Seelaus (sseelaus@soundpointcap.com) to send notifications of claimed infringement.  For clarity, only DMCA notices should go to the Copyright Agent; any other feedback, comments, requests for technical support, and other communications should be directed to Sound Point’s customer service through the Contact area of the Site.  You hereby acknowledge and agree that if you fail to comply with all of the requirements listed above, your DMCA notice may not be valid.
PRIVACY
To the extent that Sound Point collects any information from Users of the Site, the collection and use of such information is governed by Sound Point’s Site Privacy Policy [insert hyperlink], which you should read before providing any such information to Sound Point.
NO UNLAWFUL OR PROHIBITED USE
As a condition to your use of the Site, you represent and warrant to, and agree with, Sound Point that you will not use the Site for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these Terms of Use.
REFERENCES TO PUBLICATIONS AND OTHER COMPANIES
References to any publication or any other company on the Site are for reference and informational purposes only and are not intended to suggest that any of such companies endorse, recommend or approve of the services, analysis or recommendations of Sound Point or that Sound Point endorses, recommends or approves the services or products of such companies.  News stories reflect only the author’s opinion and not necessarily that of Sound Point.
LINKS TO THIRD PARTY WEBSITES
The Site may contain hyperlinks to websites operated by parties other than Sound Point, which Sound Point may not have been screened or reviewed and which may contain inaccurate, inappropriate or offensive material, products or services. Sound Point does not control such websites, and Sound Point assumes no responsibility or liability regarding the accuracy, reliability, legality or decency of such third-party websites, content, products or services. Such hyperlinks are provided for your convenience only. Sound Point’s inclusion of hyperlinks to such websites does not imply any endorsement of the material on such websites or any association with their operators.
MODIFICATION AND MONITORING OF SITE
You will be required to accept these Terms of Use each time that you use the Site. Sound Point may, at its discretion, change, modify, add or remove portions of these Terms of Use at any time without notice to you. We suggest that you check these Terms of Use periodically for changes. These Terms of Use can be accessed from the link at the bottom of each page. If you use the Site after we post changes to these Terms of Use, you accept the changed Terms of Use. Sound Point expressly reserves the right to monitor any and all use of the Site.
Sound Point has the right, but not the obligation, to monitor and record activity on the Site and respond as it deems appropriate.  We may monitor and record activity on the Site for any reason or for no reason.  Sound Point may investigate any complaint or reported violation of our policies.  We may report any activity that we suspect may violate any law or regulation to regulators, law enforcement officials or other persons or entities that we deem appropriate.
TERMINATION AND CANCELLATION
Sound Point may modify or terminate the Site and terminate your access to the Site, without notice at any time and for any reason.
INDEMNITY
You agree, at your own expense, to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Sound Point, its parents, subsidiaries and affiliates, and their officers, partners, managers, members, employees, agents, distributors, service providers, contractors and licensees, from and against any judgments, losses, deficiencies, damages, liabilities, costs, claims, demands, suits, and expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys’ fees and expenses) incurred in, arising out of or in any way related to your breach of these Terms of Use or the Privacy Policy, your use of the Site or any product or service related thereto, or any of your other acts or omissions.
APPLICABLE LAW AND JURISDICTION
Unless otherwise specified, Sound Point controls and operates the Site from its offices within the United States of America.
Sound Point does not claim that materials in the Site are appropriate or available for use in locations other than those within the United States. If you choose to access the Site from other locations, you do so on your own initiative, and you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws.
Software from the Site and any data included on the Site is further subject to United States export controls. Software and data from the Site may not be downloaded or otherwise exported or reexported outside the United States. By downloading or using such software or data, you represent and warrant that you are not located in, under the control of, or a national or resident of any country or territory outside of the United States.
These Terms of Use are governed by the laws of the State of New York, without regard to its choice of law provisions. You hereby consent to the exclusive and personal jurisdiction and venue of the State and Federal courts in New York, New York, which shall have exclusive jurisdiction over any and all disputes arising out of or relating to these Terms of Use, the use of the Site or any product or service related thereto. Use of the Site is unauthorized in any jurisdiction that does not give effect to all provisions of these terms and conditions, including without limitation this paragraph.
GENERAL
You agree that no joint venture, partnership, employment or agency relationship exists between you and Sound Point as a result of these Terms of Use or use of the Site.
Sound Point’s performance of these Terms of Use is subject to existing laws and legal process, and nothing in these Terms of Use is in derogation of Sound Point’s right to comply with law enforcement requests or requirements relating to your use of the Site or information provided to or gathered by Sound Point with respect to such use.
If any part of these Terms of Use is determined to be invalid or unenforceable pursuant to applicable law including, but not limited to, the warranty disclaimers and liability limitations set forth above, then the invalid or unenforceable provision shall be deemed superseded by a valid, enforceable provision that most closely matches the intent of the original provision and the remainder of these Terms of Use shall continue in effect.
By reviewing or using the information on the Site after accessing the Site, you represent and warrant that (a) you have the authority to enter into these Terms of Use and create a binding contractual obligation, (b) you understand and intend these Terms of Use to be the legal equivalent of a signed, written contract equally binding, and (c) you will use the information on the Site in a manner consistent with applicable laws and regulations and in accordance with these Terms of Use, as Sound Point may amend them online or otherwise from time to time. A printed version of these Terms of Use and of any notice given in electronic form shall be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based on or relating to these Terms of Use to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form.
These Terms of Use constitute the entire agreement between you and Sound Point with respect to the Site and they supersede all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals, whether electronic, oral or written, between you and Sound Point with respect to the Site.  No delay or failure on the part of either party in exercising any right or remedy hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof or of any other right or remedy.  No waiver whatsoever shall be valid unless in writing, signed by the party to be charged, and then only to the extent therein set forth.
You shall not assign or otherwise transfer these Terms of Use, in whole or in part, or delegate or subcontract any of its rights or obligations hereunder, without Sound Point’s prior written consent.  Any attempted transfer or delegation by you without Sound Point’s consent will be void.  These Terms of Use will bind and inure to the benefit of each party’s successors and permitted assigns.
You agree to be bound by any agreement or consent you transmit to or through the Site via any media or electronic device, including internet, telephone and wireless devices.

				Sound Point Capital Management, LP
				375 Park Avenue, 25th Floor
				New York, NY 10152
				212-895-2280
marketing@soundpointcap.com









Sound Point Capital Management, LP | Wealthminder











































Sound Point Capital Management, LP


Sound Point Capital Management, LP
(CRD# 157479) is a financial advisory firm headquartered in
New York, NY.
They
manage $7,719,469,232 in 39 accounts and
serve the financial needs of clients across 2 states (or territories).




Current Firm Details



Sound Point Capital Management, LP




375 Park Avenue, 25th Floor,
New York,
NY
10152
(212) 895-2280
http://www.soundpointcap.com




http://www.soundpointcap.com







By the Numbers






Total Assets Under Management

7,719
MILLION



Total Number of Accounts

39
ACCOUNTS



Average Account Value

$197,935,109







Compensation Options




A percentage of assets under your management
Performance-based fees






Advisory Services Offered




Portfolio management for investment companies (as well as "business development companies")
Portfolio management for pooled investment vehicles (other than investment companies)
Portfolio management for businesses (other than small businesses) or institutional clients








Types of Clients










Registered States






Registered Investment Advisor


Advisors affiliated with a RIA are permitted to work with up to five clients in nearly-all states* without explicit registration. The map below shows states where this firm has explicit registration only.




NY, TX






Financial Advisors at Sound Point Capital Management, LP








No Advisor Found.








Our primary data source is public filings of Form ADV as published by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and made available in accordance with the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). Supplementary information may be provided by listed advisors or their representatives.
Because many firms provide a variety of products or services, an individual may or may not be registered to operate under all services provided by the firm.Do not rely solely on the information on this page. The information may be inaccurate, incomplete or outdated. For the most accurate and up-to-date information, please search for the firm or individual on the SEC site at
http://www.adviserinfo.sec.gov/IAPD/Content/Search/iapd_Search.aspx







Ready to hire a financial advisor?

Get competitive proposals from multiple advisors.

















Request Proposals























Timeout!



You have been idle and will be logged out in

seconds.


Stay Logged In
Log Out Now





















Schwab Charles Investment Management Inc. Acquires 9,877 Shares of EnPro Industries (NPO) | Daily Political










































































Home
About/Contact
Columnists
Privacy Policy
























Headlines
Politics
Nation
World
Issues
Economy
Finance




















EnPro Industries - Get News & Ratings Daily

		Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for EnPro Industries with our FREE daily email newsletter:



 






Follow DailyPolitical

 
 










Latest News



Schwab Charles Investment Management Inc. Acquires 9,877 Shares of EnPro Industries (NPO)					

Schwab Charles Investment Management Inc. Has $9.17 Million Stake in Innospec Inc. (NASDAQ:IOSP)					

Schwab Charles Investment Management Inc. Acquires 13,930 Shares of Strayer Education, Inc. (STRA)					

Dynamic Capital Management Ltd Has $1.13 Million Position in D/B/A Chubb Limited New (NYSE:CB)					

M.D.C. Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:MDC) Position Raised by Schwab Charles Investment Management Inc.					

Schwab Charles Investment Management Inc. Raises Position in Adobe Systems Incorporated (ADBE)					

CDW Corporation (CDW) Cut to Equal Weight at Barclays PLC					

Investors Buy Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ) on Weakness Following Insider Selling					

Constellation Brands Inc (STZ) Cut to Neutral at Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The)					

United Capital Financial Advisers LLC Sells 2,242 Shares of D/B/A Chubb Limited New (NYSE:CB)					

Amalgamated Bank Has $204,000 Position in AZZ Inc. (AZZ)					

Amalgamated Bank Acquires 3,859 Shares of Occidental Petroleum Corporation (OXY)					

Amalgamated Bank Increases Position in Benchmark Electronics, Inc. (NYSE:BHE)					

Premier, Inc. (PINC) Shares Sold by Amalgamated Bank					

Group 1 Automotive, Inc. (NYSE:GPI) Shares Bought by Amalgamated Bank					

Mersana Therpts (NASDAQ:MRSN) Earns Outperform Rating from Analysts at Leerink Swann					

Regulus Therapeutics Inc. (RGLS) Shares Gap Up  Following Insider Buying Activity					

KCG Holdings Inc. Reduces Position in Royal Gold, Inc. (RGLD)					

KCG Holdings Inc. Takes Position in MakeMyTrip Limited (NASDAQ:MMYT)					

KCG Holdings Inc. Decreases Stake in Lancaster Colony Corporation (LANC)					





 





						Schwab Charles Investment Management Inc. Acquires 9,877 Shares of EnPro Industries (NPO)					

						 July 27th, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Latisha Jones 


							Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles 







Tweet










Schwab Charles Investment Management Inc. raised its stake in shares of  EnPro Industries (NYSE:NPO) by 8.4% during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 127,663 shares of the industrial products company’s stock after buying an additional 9,877 shares during the period. Schwab Charles Investment Management Inc. owned 0.60% of EnPro Industries worth $9,085,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. 
Several other institutional investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Russell Investments Group Ltd. acquired a new position in  EnPro Industries during the fourth quarter valued at about $1,069,000.  Renaissance Technologies LLC raised its position in  EnPro Industries by 16.9% in the fourth quarter. Renaissance Technologies LLC now owns 110,100 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $7,416,000 after buying an additional 15,900 shares during the last quarter.  Norges Bank acquired a new position in  EnPro Industries during the fourth quarter valued at about $9,859,000.  Teachers Advisors LLC raised its position in  EnPro Industries by 7.2% in the fourth quarter. Teachers Advisors LLC now owns 255,006 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $17,177,000 after buying an additional 17,107 shares during the last quarter.  Finally, Highbridge Capital Management LLC acquired a new position in  EnPro Industries during the fourth quarter valued at about $1,074,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own  94.44% of the company’s stock. 
EnPro Industries (NYSE NPO) opened at 72.88 on Thursday. EnPro Industries has a 12-month low of $45.35 and a 12-month high of $75.71. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $71.81 and its 200 day moving average is $68.41. The stock has a market capitalization of $1.56 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 119.67 and a beta of 1.08. 




EnPro Industries (NYSE:NPO) last released its quarterly earnings data on Monday, May 1st. The industrial products company reported $0.44 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.62 by $0.18. EnPro Industries had a net margin of 1.10% and a return on equity of 9.43%. The business had revenue of $295.80 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $303.63 million. During the same quarter in the prior year, the business posted ($2.15) earnings per share. EnPro Industries’s revenue for the quarter was up .3% on a year-over-year basis.  Equities analysts predict that  EnPro Industries will post $2.67 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. 
The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, September 20th. Investors of record on Wednesday, September 6th will be given a dividend of $0.22 per share. This represents a $0.88 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 1.21%. EnPro Industries’s payout ratio is 144.26%. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece of content was first  posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright and trademark laws. The correct version of this piece of content can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/07/27/schwab-charles-investment-management-inc-acquires-9877-shares-of-enpro-industries-npo.html. 
Several equities analysts have recently issued reports on NPO shares. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of EnPro Industries from a “hold” rating to a “strong sell” rating in a report on Saturday, April 8th. BidaskClub upgraded shares of EnPro Industries from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday, June 13th. Finally, FBR & Co  reiterated an “outperform” rating on shares of EnPro Industries in a report on Tuesday, July 11th.
In other news, VP Steven R. Bower bought 1,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, May 11th. The stock was bought at an average price of $71.51 per share, with a total value of $71,510.00. The purchase was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Also, insider Susan E. Sweeney sold 686 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, May 5th. The shares were sold at an average price of $72.87, for a total transaction of $49,988.82. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 2,127 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $154,994.49. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Corporate insiders own  2.60% of the company’s stock. 
About EnPro Industries
EnPro Industries, Inc is engaged in the designing, developing, manufacturing and marketing engineered industrial products. It operates through three segments. The Sealing Products segment includes three operating divisions: Garlock, which designs, manufactures and sells sealing products; Technetics, which designs, manufactures and sells metal seals and elastomeric seals, among others, and Stemco LP (Stemco), which designs, manufactures and sells heavy-duty truck wheel-end components and systems.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding NPO? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for EnPro Industries (NYSE:NPO).






Receive News & Ratings for EnPro Industries Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for EnPro Industries and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 
















 Comment on this Post

Click here to cancel reply.



Name (required)

Mail (will not be published) (required)

Website






Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be placed in moderation!




Latest News




Jeff Sessions Spoke of Resigning After Tensions Increase with Trump





President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week





World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump





Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected





Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea














			© DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. 


Privacy Policy |
			About | Columnists 
			| Contact 













































































Sound Point Capital Management, LP (Sound Point) | Inland Investments












Skip to main content





Are you a Financial Advisor or Registered Investment Advisor? Change to Financial Professional Mode to access personalized tools and resources.















Search
































 







OverviewCurrent OfferingsClosed OfferingsREIT Performance





Home
Sound Point Capital Management, LP (Sound Point)





Sound Point Capital Management, LP (Sound Point)





An affiliate of Sound Point Capital Management, LP (Sound Point), an alternative credit strategies firm, serves as a sub-advisor for an Inland Investments product. Inland Investments and Sound Point intend to create alternative income solutions that will help investors succeed in a broad array of economic, interest rate and credit environments.
Sound Point oversees more than $13 billion in assets under management across a diversified suite of credit products and manages money on behalf of institutions, pensions, foundations, insurance companies, wealth management firms, family offices and high-net worth individuals. Sound Point was founded in 2008 by Stephen Ketchum, in conjunction with certain principals of Stone Point Capital, a global private equity firm that has raised more than $13 billion in equity capital. Ketchum has more than 25 years of credit structuring, advisory and investment management experience and a successful track record of building and managing teams.













This website is neither an offer to sell nor a solicitation of an offer to buy any security which can be made only by a prospectus, or offering memorandum, which has been filed or registered with appropriate state and federal regulatory agencies, and sold only by broker dealers authorized to do so.
The Inland name and logo are registered trademarks being used under license. "Inland" refers to The Inland Real Estate Group of Companies, Inc. which is comprised of a group of independent legal entities some of which may be affiliates, share some common ownership or have been sponsored and managed by subsidiaries of Inland Real Estate Investment Corporation (Inland Investments). Inland Securities Corporation, member FINRA/SIPC, is dealer manager for investment programs sponsored by Inland Investments. For more information on Inland Securities Corporation, visit FINRA BrokerCheck.












Close
                


Financial Professional Sign-In


For Financial Professionals Only. To validate your Financial Professional status, please enter your email address: *
SIGN-IN


 











Time (NYSE:TIME) Stock Price, News & Analysis | MarketBeat






















    























































































Time Company Profile (NYSE:TIME)



  






Company Profile



Analyst Ratings



Earnings History



Earnings Estimates



Dividend History



Insider Trade



Headlines



Social Media



Chart






About Time (NYSE:TIME)
Time Inc. is a media and content company. The Company offers a portfolio of news and lifestyle brands across a range of interest areas. As of December 31, 2016, the Company's brands included People, Time, Fortune, Sports Illustrated, InStyle, Real Simple, Southern Living, Entertainment Weekly, Food & Wine, Travel + Leisure and Essence, as well as approximately 50 titles in the United Kingdom. The Company also offers its brands through other media and platforms including licensing, video and television, live events and paid products and services. The Company also offers events, such as the Time 100, Fortune Most Powerful Women, People's Sexiest Man Alive, Sports Illustrated's Sportsperson of the Year, the Essence Festival and the Food & Wine Classic in Aspen. It is a subscription marketer in the United States media industry. It also offers its advertisers a range of analytics and research services, including consumer insights, audience measurement and accountability reporting. 


Industry, Sector and Symbol:

Sector: Consumer Staples
Industry: Consumer Publishing - NEC
Sub-Industry: N/A
Symbol: NYSE:TIME
CUSIP: N/A
Web: www.timeinc.com

Capitalization:Market Cap: $1.44 billionOutstanding Shares: 99,458,000Average Prices:50 Day Moving Avg: $13.96200 Day Moving Avg: $16.5252 Week Range: $11.65 - $20.40


P/E:Trailing P/E Ratio: N/AForeward P/E Ratio: 12.61P/E Growth: 2.39Sales & Book Value:Annual Revenue: $3.03 billionPrice / Sales: 0.48Book Value: $14.08 per sharePrice / Book: 1.03Dividend:Annual Dividend: $0.16Dividend Yield: 1.1%


Profitability:EBIDTA: $383 millionNet Margins: -2.18%Return on Equity: 7.30%Return on Assets: 2.54%Debt:Debt-to-Equity Ratio: 0.88%Current Ratio: 0.93%Quick Ratio: 0.89%Misc:Average Volume: 2.01 million shs.Beta: 0.68Short Ratio: 2.37

 

Frequently Asked Questions for Time (NYSE:TIME)
What is Time's stock symbol?

Time trades on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) under the ticker symbol "TIME."



How often does Time pay dividends? What is the dividend yield for Time?

Time announced a quarterly dividend on Wednesday, May 10th. Investors of record on Wednesday, May 31st will be given a dividend of $0.04 per share on Thursday, June 15th. This represents a $0.16 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 1.10%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Friday, May 26th.  View Time's Dividend History.



How were Time's earnings last quarter?

Time Inc. (NYSE:TIME) announced its earnings results on Wednesday, May, 10th. The company reported ($0.18) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Zacks' consensus estimate of ($0.15) by $0.03. The business earned $636 million during the quarter, compared to analysts' expectations of $641.85 million. Time had a positive return on equity of 7.30% and a negative net margin of 2.18%. Time's revenue for the quarter was down 7.8% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the prior year, the company posted ($0.11) earnings per share.  View Time's Earnings History.



When will Time make its next earnings announcement?

Time is scheduled to release their next quarterly earnings announcement on Tuesday, August, 8th 2017. View Earnings Estimates for Time.



Where is Time's stock going? Where will Time's stock price be in 2017?

5 equities research analysts have issued twelve-month price targets for Time's stock. Their forecasts range from $14.00 to $17.00. On average, they anticipate Time's share price to reach $15.20 in the next year. View Analyst Ratings for Time.



Who are some of Time's key competitors?

 Some companies that are related to Time include Energizer Holdings (ENR), Meredith Corporation (MDP), Ollie's Bargain Outlet Holdings (OLLI), Darling Ingredients (DAR), Helen of Troy Limited (HELE), Vector Group (VGR), Fresh Del Monte Produce (FDP), Nomad Foods Limited (NOMD), Britvic PLC Sponsored ADR (BTVCY), J & J Snack Foods Corp. (JJSF), B&G Foods (BGS), Hillenbrand (HI), Coca-Cola Bottling Co. Consolidated (COKE), Cott Corporation (COT), Embotelladora Andina S.A. (AKO.B), United Natural Foods (UNFI), Boston Beer Company, Inc. (The) (SAM) and Avon Products (AVP).



Who are Time's key executives?

Time's management team includes the folowing people: Joseph A. Ripp, Executive Chairman of the BoardRichard Battista, President, Chief Executive Officer, DirectorSusana D'Emic, Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President, ControllerJennifer Wong, Chief Operating Officer, Executive Vice PresidentGregory Giangrande, Executive Vice President, Chief Human Resources and Communications OfficerLauren Ezrol Klein, Executive Vice President, General Counsel, Corporate SecretaryLeslie Dukker Doty, Executive Vice President - Consumer Marketing and RevenueBrad Elders, Executive Vice President, Chief Revenue OfficerMark Ford, Executive Vice President - Senior Strategic Sales AdvisorErik Moreno, Executive Vice President, President - Corporate Development, New Ventures and Investments



Who owns Time stock?

Time's stock is owned by a number of of institutional and retail investors. Top institutional shareholders include State of New Jersey Common Pension Fund D (1.21%), Russell Investments Group Ltd. (0.16%), Great West Life Assurance Co. Can (0.14%), Gateway Investment Advisers LLC (0.08%), Texas Permanent School Fund (0.07%) and Strs Ohio (0.07%). Company insiders that own Time stock include David Arthur Bell, Dennis J Fitzsimons, Gregory Giangrande, John M Fahey Jr, John M Fahey, Jr, Lynne Biggar, Mark Ford and Ronald S Rolfe. View Institutional Ownership Trends for Time.



Who sold Time stock? Who is selling Time stock?

Time's stock was sold by a variety of institutional investors in the last quarter, including Russell Investments Group Ltd., Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan, Aperio Group LLC, Wellington Shields Capital Management LLC, Adams Diversified Equity Fund Inc., Gateway Investment Advisers LLC and Bank of Montreal Can.  View Insider Buying and Selling for Time.



Who bought Time stock? Who is buying Time stock?

Time's stock was acquired by a variety of institutional investors in the last quarter, including State of New Jersey Common Pension Fund D, Great West Life Assurance Co. Can, NN Investment Partners Holdings N.V., State of Alaska Department of Revenue, Sit Investment Associates Inc., Louisiana State Employees Retirement System, CIBC Asset Management Inc and Strs Ohio. Company insiders that have bought Time stock in the last two years include David Arthur Bell, Dennis J Fitzsimons, John M Fahey Jr, John M Fahey, Jr and Ronald S Rolfe. View Insider Buying and Selling for Time.



How do I buy Time stock? 

Shares of Time can be purchased through any online brokerage account. Popular online brokerages include Vanguard Brokerage Services, TD Ameritrade, E*TRADE, Scottrade, Fidelity and Charles Schwab. 



What is Time's stock price today?

One share of Time stock can currently be purchased for approximately $14.50.


MarketBeat Community Rating for Time (NYSE TIME)Community Ranking:  2.2 out of 5 ( )Outperform Votes:  133 (Vote Outperform)Underperform Votes:  173 (Vote Underperform)Total Votes:  306MarketBeat's community ratings are surveys of what our community members think about Time and other stocks. Vote "Outperform" if you believe the stock will outperform the S&P 500 over the long term. Vote "Underperform" if you believe the stock will underperform the S&P 500 over the long term. You may vote once every thirty days.


Analyst Ratings
Consensus Ratings for Time (NYSE:TIME) (How are Consensus Ratings Calculated?) MarketBeat calculates consensus ratings using the most recent rating from each brokerage that has rated a stock within the last twelve months. Since brokers often use different ratings systems, each rating is normalized to a standardized rating score of 1 (sell), 2 (hold), 3 (buy) or 4 (strong buy). Consensus ratings scores are calculated using the mean average of the number of normalized sell, hold, buy and strong buy ratings. Each stock's consensus rating is derived from its calculated consensus ratings score (0-1.5 = Sell, 1.5-2.5 = Hold, 2.5-3.5 = Buy, >3.5 = Strong Buy). MarketBeat's consensus price targets are a mean average of the most recent available price targets set by each analyst that has set a price target for the stock in the last twelve months.MarketBeat will no longer include ratings and price target data in its consensus calculation if a broker drops coverage and MarketBeat has received a report that coverage was dropped. Ratings from certain research firms that issue ratings using purely quantitative methods (such as Zacks, Vetr and ValuEngine) are not included in consensus calculations. MarketBeat's consensus ratings and consensus price targets may differ from those calculated by other firms due to differences in methodology and available data.Ratings Breakdown: 4 Hold Ratings, 1 Buy RatingConsensus Rating:Hold (Score: 2.20)Consensus Price Target: $15.20 (4.83% upside)

Analysts' Ratings History for Time (NYSE:TIME)

Show:  
Only the Most Recent Rating From Each Brokerage
All Ratings For This Stock


DateFirmActionRatingPrice TargetImpact on Share PriceDetails6/15/2017MacquarieDowngradeOutperform -> Neutral$15.00Low4/28/2017Wells Fargo & CompanyDowngradeOutperform -> Market PerformHigh3/20/2017StephensUpgradeUnderweight -> Equal WeightLow9/27/2016Citigroup Inc.Lower Price TargetBuy$18.00 -> $17.00N/A8/5/2016Morgan StanleySet Price TargetHold$15.00N/A2/14/2016FBR & CoReiterated RatingBuyN/A2/12/2016GabelliUpgradeHold -> Buy$20.00N/A(Data available from 7/28/2015 forward)


Earnings
Earnings History for Time (NYSE:TIME)Earnings History by Quarter for Time (NYSE TIME)DateQuarterConsensus EstimateActual EPSRevenue EstimateActual RevenueRelease LinkConference CallDetails8/8/2017$0.11N/A5/10/2017Q1 2017($0.15)($0.18)$641.85 million$636.00 millionViewN/A2/16/2017Q416$0.78$0.75$872.73 million$867.00 millionViewN/A11/3/2016Q316$0.30$0.31$770.57 million$750.00 millionViewN/A8/4/2016Q216$0.15$0.22$782.49 million$769.00 millionViewN/A5/5/2016Q116($0.14)($0.11)$675.39 million$690.00 millionViewN/A2/11/2016Q415$0.66$0.58$872.09 million$877.00 millionViewListen11/5/2015Q315$0.27$0.32$769.35 million$773.00 millionViewN/A8/4/2015Q215$0.15$0.27$758.03 million$773.00 millionViewN/A5/7/2015Q115($0.20)($0.06)$680.94 million$680.00 millionViewN/A2/12/2015Q414$0.78$0.73$904.30 million$895.00 millionViewN/A11/4/2014Q314$0.36$0.41$817.56 million$821.00 millionViewN/A8/5/2014Q214$0.19$0.30$821.33 million$820.00 millionViewN/A(Data available from 1/1/2011 forward)


Estimates
Earnings Estimates for Time (NYSE:TIME)Current Year EPS Consensus Estimate: $1.18 EPSNext Year EPS Consensus Estimate: $1.15 EPS


Dividends
Current Dividend Information for Time (NYSE:TIME)Most Recent Dividend:6/15/2017Annual Dividend:$0.16Dividend Yield:1.10%Dividend Growth:0.00% (3 Year Average)Payout Ratio:-23.53% (Trailing 12 Months of Earnings)  13.56% (Based on This Year's Estimates)13.91% (Based on Next Year's Estimates)Dividend History by Quarter for Time (NYSE TIME)AnnouncedPeriodAmountYieldEx-Dividend DateRecord DatePayable Date5/10/2017Quarterly$0.045/26/20175/31/20176/15/20172/16/2017Quarterly$0.192/24/20172/28/20173/15/201711/3/2016quarterly$0.195.91%11/28/201611/30/201612/15/20168/4/2016quarterly$0.195.3%8/29/20168/31/20169/15/20165/6/2016quarterly$0.194.92%5/26/20165/31/20166/15/20162/12/2016quarterly$0.196.08%2/25/20162/29/20163/15/201611/6/2015quarterly$0.194.37%11/25/201511/30/201512/15/20158/4/2015quarterly$0.193.39%8/27/20158/31/20159/15/20155/8/2015quarterly$0.193.36%5/27/20155/29/20156/15/20152/13/2015quarterly$0.193.06%2/25/20152/27/20153/13/201510/29/2014quarterly$0.1911/25/201411/28/201412/15/2014(Data available from 1/1/2013 forward)


Insider Trades
Insider Trading and Institutional Ownership History for Time (NYSE:TIME)Insider Ownership Percentage: 1.92%Institutional Ownership Percentage: 90.91%Insider Trades by Quarter for Time (NYSE:TIME)Transaction DateInsider NameTitleBuy/SellNumber of SharesAverage Share PriceTotal TransactionDetails5/18/2017Dennis J FitzsimonsDirectorBuy3,000$11.99$35,970.00  5/15/2017Ronald S RolfeDirectorBuy2,000$12.85$25,700.00  5/11/2017John M Fahey JrDirectorBuy1,000$12.93$12,930.00  11/4/2016John M Fahey JrDirectorBuy1,000$12.62$12,620.00  11/3/2016Gregory GiangrandeEVPSell1,330$12.62$16,784.60  5/9/2016David Arthur BellDirectorBuy5,000$15.06$75,300.00  3/15/2016David Arthur BellDirectorBuy3,400$14.76$50,184.00  3/15/2016Mark FordEVPSell4,176$14.87$62,097.12  2/23/2016Ronald S RolfeDirectorBuy1,000$14.01$14,010.00  2/18/2016John M Fahey JrDirectorBuy1,000$14.14$14,140.00  2/12/2016John M. Fahey, Jr.DirectorBuy3,000$12.80$38,400.00  12/7/2015Lynne BiggarEVPSell2,515$16.47$41,422.05  12/2/2015David Arthur BellDirectorBuy2,400$16.88$40,512.00  11/11/2015Dennis J FitzsimonsDirectorBuy3,000$16.60$49,800.00  9/8/2015John M Fahey JrDirectorBuy1,000$19.44$19,440.00  8/24/2015Dennis J FitzsimonsDirectorBuy1,000$19.76$19,760.00  6/2/2015Gregory GiangrandeEVPBuy9,000$22.56$203,040.00  5/12/2015Dennis J FitzsimonsDirectorBuy4,000$21.93$87,720.00  3/13/2015J Randall MacdonaldDirectorBuy4,500$22.55$101,475.00  3/5/2015Jeffrey John BairstowCFOBuy5,000$22.27$111,350.00  2/27/2015Ronald S RolfeDirectorBuy4,000$24.10$96,400.00  2/23/2015Howard StringerDirectorBuy4,000$24.55$98,200.00  2/17/2015John M Fahey JrDirectorBuy3,000$24.79$74,370.00  9/4/2014Dennis J FitzsimonsDirectorBuy1,000$23.49$23,490.00  (Data available from 1/1/2013 forward)


Headlines
Headline Trends for Time (NYSE:TIME)


Latest Headlines for Time (NYSE:TIME)


Source:


All Sources
Trusted Sources
MarketBeat.com
Bloomberg
MarketWatch
Motley Fool
NASDAQ
Reuters
Seeking Alpha
The Street
The Wall Street Journal
Yahoo Finance




DateHeadlineTime Inc. sells live events company INVNT back to founders as part of streamlining strategyfinance.yahoo.com - July 28 at 8:47 AMTime Inc. Announces Sale of INVNTfinance.yahoo.com - July 28 at 8:47 AMSnap Inc (SNAP) Stock Finally Crumbles, But Is Now the Time to Buy?investorplace.com - July 28 at 6:39 AMBidaskClub Downgrades Time Inc. (NYSE:TIME) to Sellwww.americanbankingnews.com - July 27 at 7:52 PM3 Hot Semiconductor Stocks, 3 Time Bombsinvestorplace.com - July 27 at 3:27 PMTime Inc.'s FORTUNE and UNC Announce First Online Certificate Programs for Executives - Business Wire (press release)www.businesswire.com - July 27 at 8:24 AMTime Inc. is trying to sell 3 magazines as a part of its turnaround plan - Business Insiderwww.businessinsider.com - July 27 at 8:24 AMHere's how Time Inc. is telling employees that it's selling the magazines they work for - Business Insiderwww.businessinsider.com - July 27 at 8:24 AMHere's how Time Inc. is telling employees that it's selling the magazines they work forfinance.yahoo.com - July 27 at 8:24 AMTime Inc.’s FORTUNE and UNC Announce First Online Certificate Programs for Executivesfinance.yahoo.com - July 27 at 8:24 AMNvidia Corporation (NVDA) Stock Hits All-Time High After Strong AMD Earningsinvestorplace.com - July 27 at 7:41 AMTime Inc. Explores Sale of UK Magazine Division - Wall Street Journal (subscription)www.wsj.com - July 26 at 8:53 AMTime Inc. Explores Sale of Sunset, Golf Magazines - Bloombergwww.bloomberg.com - July 26 at 8:53 AMTime Inc. Explores Sale of Sunset, Golf Magazinesfinance.yahoo.com - July 26 at 8:53 AMTime Inc. is trying to sell 3 magazines as a part of its turnaround planfinance.yahoo.com - July 26 at 8:53 AM[$$] Time Inc. Explores Sale of U.K. Magazine Divisionfinance.yahoo.com - July 26 at 8:53 AMTrade the SPDR S&P 500 ETF Trust (SPY) at All-Time Highsinvestorplace.com - July 25 at 9:54 AMTime Inc. Looks to Sell Majority Stake in Essencewww.wsj.com - July 25 at 7:34 AM[$$] Time Inc. Looks to Sell Majority Stake in Essencefinance.yahoo.com - July 25 at 7:33 AMIt’s Time to Ignore the Blue Apron Holdings Inc (APRN) Stock Cheerleadersinvestorplace.com - July 24 at 4:31 PMFitbit Inc (FIT) Stock Nears All-Time Lows, Rolls the Diceinvestorplace.com - July 24 at 9:28 AMThe Time to Buy Realty Income Corp (O) Stock Is Nowinvestorplace.com - July 24 at 7:00 AMContrasting Gannett Co. (GCI) and Time (TIME)www.americanbankingnews.com - July 23 at 4:21 PMNvidia Corporation (NVDA) Stock Will Hit New All-Time Highs Sooninvestorplace.com - July 21 at 8:50 AMTime Inc. (NYSE:TIME) Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Researchwww.americanbankingnews.com - July 20 at 2:50 PMTime Inc. cutting down on Sports Illustrated issueswww.foxnews.com - July 20 at 8:35 AMTime Inc. (TIME) Given Average Rating of "Hold" by Analystswww.americanbankingnews.com - July 18 at 11:59 AM[$$] Magazines Embrace Facebook, Snapchat After Video Blundersfinance.yahoo.com - July 18 at 8:59 AMUntil recently, a hacker could have gotten into your old Myspace account with just three easy-to-find things about youfinance.yahoo.com - July 18 at 8:59 AMGannett Co., Inc.¿ (GCI) vs. Time (NYSE:TIME) Head-To-Head Contrastwww.americanbankingnews.com - July 17 at 6:24 PMTime Inc. Considers a Corporate Rebrandfinance.yahoo.com - July 17 at 7:08 AMThe Bad Rap on Apple Inc (AAPL) Stock Makes Investors Wonder If It’s Time to Swap For Alphabetinvestorplace.com - July 16 at 9:54 AMIt's Not a Great Time to Be a Great American Brandwww.fool.com - July 15 at 3:19 PMTime Inc. Teams up with Audience Analytics Provider Parse.lyfinance.yahoo.com - July 15 at 9:26 AMTime Inc.'s Sports Illustrated Swimsuit to Debut New Apparel Line at Miami Swim Week with Top Models from First-Ever Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Open Castingfinance.yahoo.com - July 14 at 9:13 AMPayPal (PYPL) Hits All-Time High on Deal with Apple Inc.investorplace.com - July 14 at 8:24 AMGeneral Motors Company (GM) Stock Won’t Hit $50 Any Time Sooninvestorplace.com - July 13 at 3:51 PMTrade Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Stock Near All-Time Highs Without Pressureinvestorplace.com - July 13 at 12:48 PMFitbit Inc (FIT) Stock Is Ticking. That’s the Sound of Time Running Out.investorplace.com - July 12 at 10:07 AMCMO Today: Time Inc. Considers New Name; Facebook Launches Messenger Ads; Google’s Academic Tieswww.wsj.com - July 12 at 8:08 AMSan Miguel de Allende, Mexico, is No. 1 City Overall for First Time in 22nd Annual Travel + Leisure World’s Best Awardsfinance.yahoo.com - July 12 at 8:08 AMTime Inc. Considers Name Change in Rebranding Effortfinance.yahoo.com - July 12 at 8:08 AMTime Inc.’s LIFE VR and Travel + Leisure Premiere “World’s Best City: San Miguel de Allende,” a Virtual Reality and 360-Degree Travel Guidefinance.yahoo.com - July 12 at 8:08 AMTime Inc. Explores Renaming the Company, Seeking a Refreshfinance.yahoo.com - July 12 at 8:08 AMICU Medical, Inc. Announces Time of Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Callwww.nasdaq.com - July 11 at 8:28 AMTime Inc. to Report Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Results on August 8thfinance.yahoo.com - July 11 at 8:28 AMNASA News: Juno to Fly Over Jupiter’s Great Red Spot for First Timeinvestorplace.com - July 10 at 12:34 PMTime Inc a possible takeover target for two different Trump backersfinance.yahoo.com - July 8 at 7:44 PMSNAP Inc (SNAP) Stock Had Its Fun. Now It’s Time to Abandon Ship!investorplace.com - July 7 at 10:07 AMBest Stocks for 2017: Citigroup Inc (C) Is Peaking at a Good Timeinvestorplace.com - July 7 at 9:27 AM


Social





Chart
Time (TIME) Chart for Friday, July, 28, 2017




This page was last updated on 7/28/2017 by MarketBeat.com Staff












































