




















 



 Soupman, Inc. Files For Bankruptcy Protection 
         










    










 













 











 



















Soupman, Inc. Files For Bankruptcy Protection
        																																						
              

          Soupman, Inc. Secures $2 Million Financing From Independent Third-Party Private Investment Firm to Allow Business Operations to Continue as Normal
        











 News provided by
Soupman, Inc.  
Jun 13, 2017, 18:20 ET









 Share this article




























































NEW YORK, June 13, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Soupman, Inc. (OTCQB: SOUP)("SM"), a producer and marketer of high-quality branded soups bearing the name "Original Soupman" today announced that it has filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection.
SM also announced it has secured a new $2 million debtor-in-possession credit facility ("DIP") from an independent third-party private investment firm to finance its working capital needs and allow business operations to continue as normal.








Michael Wyse of Wyse Advisors, LLC has been hired as Chief Restructuring Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer of SM.
"The combination of legacy liabilities and recent company developments have made it necessary to seek bankruptcy protection. This will ensure that our delicious soups remain on grocery shelves throughout the country which is in the best interests of all of our stakeholders and customers."
"The ongoing support from our lender through our new DIP facility will allow us to continue business operations as normal. We anticipate that there will be no disruption in the quality of our product or service that we provide to our vendors and customers during this transition period," said Jamie Karson, CEO.
The  Chapter 11 petition was filed in the United States Bankruptcy Court in Delaware.  The law firm of Polsinelli is advising SM as bankruptcy counsel.
Safe Harbor Statement:
This press release may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The forward-looking statements are based on current expectations, estimates and projections made by management. The Company intends for the forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements. Words such as "anticipates", "expects", "intends", "plans", "believes", "seeks", "estimates" or variations of such words are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements contained in this press release include, statements regarding the Company's ability to raise the capital it needs to remain in business.  All forward-looking statements in this press release are made as of the date of this press release, and the Company assumes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements other than as required by law. The forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth or implied by any forward-looking statements such as our ability to continue to reduce liabilities and expand our product line and distribution, our ability to execute our business strategy and position the Company for future growth, and the risk factors discussed in the Business and Management's Discussion and Analysis sections in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Annual Reports on Form 10-K and Current Reports on Form 8-K. Copies of these filings are available www.originalsoupman.com.
 
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/soupman-inc-files-for-bankruptcy-protection-300473491.html
SOURCE Soupman, Inc.
 Related Links

http://www.originalsoupman.com



 













May 25, 2017, 23:50 ET
Preview: Soupman Hires Michael Wyse As Interim Chief Financial Officer And Chief Restructuring Officer






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Also from this source




 

May 25, 2017, 23:50 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Soupman Hires Michael Wyse As Interim Chief Financial Officer And...








 

May 23, 2017, 18:19 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Soupman Chief Financial Officer, Robert Bertrand Suspended After...





 Explore
 More news releases in similar topics

  Food & Beverages
  Retail
Bankruptcy








 You just read:
Soupman, Inc. Files For Bankruptcy Protection


 News provided by
Soupman, Inc.  
Jun 13, 2017, 18:20 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 




Soupman, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 12:33 PM ET
Food Products

Company Overview of Soupman, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Soupman, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, manufactures and sells soups in the United States. It markets and sells its products to grocery chains, school systems, and franchisees under The Original Soupman brand name. The company also franchises Original Soupman restaurants and mobile unit; and other high-traffic locations, such as casinos, airports, theme parks, and other tourist locations. It has 9 franchise locations, including co-branded locations. The company was formerly known as Passport Arts, Inc. and changed its name to Soupman, Inc. in January 2011. Soupman, Inc. was founded in 1984 and is based in Staten Island, New York. On June 13, 2017, Soupman, Inc. filed a voluntary petit...
Soupman, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, manufactures and sells soups in the United States. It markets and sells its products to grocery chains, school systems, and franchisees under The Original Soupman brand name. The company also franchises Original Soupman restaurants and mobile unit; and other high-traffic locations, such as casinos, airports, theme parks, and other tourist locations. It has 9 franchise locations, including co-branded locations. The company was formerly known as Passport Arts, Inc. and changed its name to Soupman, Inc. in January 2011. Soupman, Inc. was founded in 1984 and is based in Staten Island, New York. On June 13, 2017, Soupman, Inc. filed a voluntary petition for reorganization under Chapter 11 in the US Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware.
Detailed Description


1110 South AvenueSuite 100Staten Island, NY 10314United StatesFounded in 19847 Employees



Phone: 212-768-7687

Fax: 212-768-7055

www.originalsoupman.com







Key Executives for Soupman, Inc.




Mr. Jamieson A. Karson


      	Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
      


Age: 60
        

Total Annual Compensation: $374.0K








Mr. Daniel A. Rubano


      	Senior Vice President of Franchise Development and Secretary
      


Age: 57
        

Total Annual Compensation: $95.0K





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2016. 

Soupman, Inc. Key Developments

Bidding Procedure Approved for The Original Soupman, Inc.
Jul 18 17
The US Bankruptcy Court gave an order approving the bidding procedures relating to the sale of substantially all the assets of The Original Soupman, Inc. on July 18, 2017. The Court approved the sale of substantially all the assets of The Original Soupman, Inc. through a public auction. Each qualified bidder must make a good faith deposit of 10% of the proposed purchase price. To qualify as a qualified bidder, interested parties should submit their bids by August 24, 2017. The debtor has scheduled an auction on August 28, 2017. At the auction, the subsequent bids would be in increments of $0.03 million. The stalking horse bidder would be entitled to a break-up fee of 3% of the purchase price and expense reimbursement of $0.03 million in case of termination of the asset purchase agreement. The sale hearing is scheduled for August 29, 2017.


Motion for Asset Sale Filed by The Original Soupman, Inc.
Jun 23 17
The Original Soupman, Inc. filed a motion in the US Bankruptcy Court for the sale of substantially all its assets on June 23, 2017. The debtor seeks the Court’s approval for the sale of substantially all its assets to the highest bidder. Each qualified bidder must make a good faith deposit of 10% of the proposed purchase price. To qualify as a qualified bidder, interested parties should submit their bids by August 24, 2017. The debtor has scheduled an auction on August 28, 2017. At the auction, the subsequent bids would be in increments of $0.03 million. The stalking horse bidder would be entitled to a break-up fee of 3% of the purchase price and expense reimbursement of $0.03 million in case of termination of the asset purchase agreement. The sale hearing is scheduled for September 6, 2017.


Interim DIP Financing Approved for The Original Soupman, Inc.
Jun 21 17
The US Bankruptcy Court ordered approving the post-petition financing for The Original Soupman, Inc. on interim basis on June 21, 2017. As per the order, the debtor has been authorized to obtain an interim term loan facility in the amount of $1 million out of $2 million from Soupman Lending, LLC. Soupman Lending, LLC also acting as the administrative agent. The DIP loan would either carry an interest rate of 15% per annum to be paid monthly on the first business day of each month. The debtor will also pay commitment fee of 2% of the full DIP facility amount and funding fee of 2% of the DIP Facility amount. The debtor shall be obligated to pay an Exit Fee of 5% of the DIP facility amount. Debtor will pay a non-refundable work fee of $0.1 million to DIP Lender’s attorney upon entry of the Interim Order. The maturity date will be earliest of 90 days from the petition date i.e. September 11, 2017, 30 days after the Interim Order entry date i.e. July 21, 2017, the effective date of any Chapter 11 plan or the closing of a sale of substantially all of the debtors’ assets. Adequate protection would be provided to the DIP lenders in the form of super-priority administrative expense claims which is subject to a carve-out of $0.30 million towards unpaid professional fees or administrative expenses. The final hearing will be held on July 10, 2017.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 \EV RANCH LLLP United States 1-2-3 Gluten Free, Inc. United States 10th Avenue Tea LLC United States 18 Rabbits LLC United States 18th Street Deli, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Private Placement

			      April 11, 2017
			    
--



Private Placement

			      March 14, 2017
			    
--



Private Placement

			      February 21, 2017
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Soupman, Inc., please visit www.originalsoupman.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


































Seinfeld Soup Nazi Company Soupman Inc. Files for Bankruptcy























































 

               



















 People


close



Subscribe


Stay Connected


Facebook

Tumblr

Instagram

Pinterest

YouTube

Snapchat


Subscribe
Print Magazine
All Access
Premium Free Trial
Gift Box Offer
Give a Gift
Buy Current Issue
Customer Service

Advertise With Us
Online
Magazine

Learn More
More Special Offers
Mobile Apps
Sitemap
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Your California Privacy Rights
Terms of Service
Ad Choices


Copyright © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited.



Skip to content




 





Facebook

Tumblr

Instagram

Pinterest

YouTube

Snapchat














 








FoodThe Seinfeld-Inspired 'Soup Nazi' Company Has Filed for Bankruptcy
By Shay Spence•@chezspencePosted on June 15, 2017 at 1:44pm EDT 
ShareTweetEmail 





 




 Pinterest



Everett



Cue the “no soup for you” jokes.
Soupman Inc., the Staten Island-based chain of soup restaurants that sprung from the famous 1995 Seinfeld “Soup Nazi” episode, has filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy.
This news comes less than a month after the company’s CFO, Robert Bertrand, was charged with 20 counts of failing to pay income taxes and benefits for employees.
The soups, sold both at their restaurants and in grocery stores, are based on the recipes of Al Yeganeh (the man whom the Soup Nazi character was modeled after), and include memorable dishes from the episode like Mullagatawny, Crab Bisque, Jambalaya and Turkey Chili. Yeganeh ran the original restaurant, Soup Kitchen International, in Midtown Manhattan from 1984 until it closed in 2004.
WATCH: Seinfeld‘s Jason Alexander Explains His Reappearing Hair

Jamie Karson, Soupman’s CEO, has said that the products will still remain in grocery stores. Karson also stated that “the combination of legacy liabilities and recent company developments have made it necessary to seek bankruptcy protection.”
No word on whether the company’s problems have anything to do with Elaine finding their secret recipes in a used armoire.


Show Full Article








Most Popular





 
1
Catherine Zeta-Jones Is Launching a Lifestyle Brand







 
2
Martha Stewart Finds Snoop Dogg ‘Very Attractive’—But Insists She Doesn’t Smoke Marijuana with Him







 
3
Chrissy Teigen Wishes This Popular Food Trend Would End







 
4
How Long Can Butter Be Out of the Fridge?







 
5
Minka Kelly Opens Up About Dieting — And How She Justifies the Occasional Big Mac













				See Also			


























Send to Email Address

Your Name

Your Email Address






Cancel

				Post was not sent - check your email addresses!			

				Email check failed, please try again			

				Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.			
















































































































































 


 



OTC Stocks: SoupMan, Inc. (SOUP) “No Soup For You?” –  Aim High Profits



















































Aim High Profits News 

Search this website





HomeAim High Profits News OTC Stocks: SoupMan, Inc. (SOUP) “No Soup For You?” 






OTC Stocks: SoupMan, Inc. (SOUP) “No Soup For You?”


Most everyone who is investing in penny stocks today was alive on July 5, 1989. Imagine if you had invested $1,000 in Apple stock back then or in the top 10 penny stocks on that date. Imagine how many new penny stocks have listed since then and how many people who buy penny stocks have made millions since then. Al Yeganah is now a member of that penny stock list simply because that date was a moment in television history for a generation and for Al who eventually became famous for his “No Soup For You” quote since Soupman, Inc. (OTCBB: SOUP.OB) was the first penny stock to ever have a Super Bowl ad to promote their truly spectacular culinary selection. Seinfeld may have made Al Yeganeh famous by referring to him by a name which he never liked, but SOUP stock investors are about to have one of the hottest penny stocks in the food service industry. SOUP has just launched a new product line and is franchises are about to begin popping up in by one of the best franchisee’s in restaurant history.
On February 1, 2011, Soupman, Inc., parent company of the “Original SoupMan,” began trading on the OTC Bulletin Board. Although they never gave out penny stock advice during any episodes except the one involving Kramer, Newman and “The Sponge,” the Seinfeld finale aired to 76 million viewers in 1998, four years after Al opened his iconic restaurant on Eighth Avenue and 55th street. Few of the worldwide tourists, patrons or investors in the pennystock SOUP know that Al hated to be called the Soup Nazi. He is a shareholder in the public company but flies under the radar allowing the higher profiled celebrity investors like Reggie Jackson (“Mr. October”), Shaquille “Shaq” O’Neal (“Superman”) and Jason Alexander (“George Costanza”) to do the marketing for the best penny stock in the food service industry. After going public, SOUP.OB made sure to keep the original Soupman restaurant the exact same as it was when Al started it in 1984 and with the exact same rules which are in 8 languages on the wall.
FOR THE MOST
EFFCIENT AND FASTEST SERVICE
THE LINE MUST BE KEPT MOVING…….
• PICK THE SOUP YOU WANT
• HAVE YOUR MONEY READY
• MOVE TO THE EXTREME LEFT AFTER ORDERING! 
On December 15, 2010, Soup Kitchen was acquired by the newly formed Soupman, Inc. SOUP stock jumped into the spotlight after Al was featured in the Seinfeld Ad running on Super Bowl Sunday.  SOUP stock is mainly supported by the premium soups that are offered under the “Original Soupman” brand to consumers and the food service industry which Soupman manufactures and markets. The license SOUP stock has from Al Yeganeh, the legendary “Original SoupMan,” allows the company access to his recipes, name, likeness and other intellectual properties. Those same intellectual properties which earned Al’s Original world famous restaurant a best by “Zagat” rating, and in 2008, “Consumer Reports” magazine rated their Chicken  Vegetable Soup the “Best Chicken Soup in America.” Rated #1 by Zagat and praised by the New York Times as “Art, not Soup” set the standard for innovation and excellence long before the famous Seinfeld episode made it a cultural icon.
SOUP Stock Snap Shot:
Market Cap: 18.47M
Enterprise Value: 22.14M
Price/Sales (ttm): 13.64
52 Week High (4/7/2011) 2.60
52 Week Low (3/21/2012) 0.58
Shares Outstanding: 27.98M
Float: 19.31M
Revenue (ttm): 1.35M
SOUP Stock Moving Average / Average Volume:
5 Day Moving Average 0.6700 / 12,186
10 Day Moving Average 0.6840 / 11,628
20 Day Moving Average 0.7430 / 10,347
30 Day Moving Average 0.7740 / 8,580
50 Day Moving Average 0.8178 / 13,955
100 Day Moving Average 0.8902 / 9,381
200 Day Moving Average 1.2306 / 9,999
Ytd Moving Average 0.8147 / 13,170
SOUP Stock: Consumer Trends
Since SOUP stock’s foundation was established back in 1984, the Soupman brand has demonstrated that customers appreciate healthy and delicious products that sell at a fair price that reflects product excellence. If you have ever been to the original Soupman in New York, you will know that, regardless of who you are or what the weather is, you had better plan to stand in a long line outside and have your order ready. SOUP stock is about to take a major advancement in the respect that with revenues already. Soupman management are planning to make Soupman products leading national brand of premium soup, similar to how Starbucks took over the market from Folgers, by focusing on three areas of expansion:

Franchised Restaurants: Dedicated units in casino, airports, and other high-volume locations, and
co-branded units similar to Soupman’s prototype N.Y. City location with Tim Horton’s, and other
partnerships with Cold Stone Creamery and Red Mango.
Supermarket Distribution: Soupman offers ready-to-serve frozen products in BP-A-free packaging.
SOUP.OB recently launched its shelf-stable Tetra Recart package which now allows Soupman products
to stand side-by-side with canned soup giant Campbell’s. Soupman is undoubtedly poised to both take
market share and expand the category.
Al Yeganeh: The icon who serves as SOUP stock’s face, “SoupMan,” will continue overseeing
development of Soupman products and eventually make, with the “Original SoupMan” brand,
SOUP.OB products the leading national premium-brand soup.

The Soupman product line consists of over 40 varieties of the “Original SoupMan,” Mr. Yeganeh’s original recipes. All are available to SOUP.OB franchise owners in bulk and, unlike most franchise requirements, each Soupman franchisee makes their own menu decisions based on their individual market conditions. Of the current Soupman franchise locations, the franchisees offer Soupman products along with other menu items such as fresh tossed specialty salads, wraps, toasted gourmet sandwiches, fresh brewed herbal teas and desserts which gives Soupman franchisees the ability to offer a wider variety of products, broader meal experience, and higher average amount spent per customer.
One example of Soupman’s successful franchise model in action is their location at the Mohegan Sun Casino in Connecticut. The restaurant opened in December of 2009 and, from a culinary perspective, features Soupman’s new line of “Best of New York” authentic deli sandwiches named after famous N.Y. landmarks such as Al’s 42nd Street Reuben and The Thanksgiving Day Parade. The franchisee of the Mohegan Sun Soupman location is one of the founders of Johnny Rocket’s Hamburgers, Lloyd Sugarman. Johnny Rocket’s in Miami was the location of my first date with my wife in 1992 so Mr. Sugarman is responsible for much more than the wealth of restaurant experience he brings to the “Original SoupMan” system.
As so not to limited themselves to one version of franchising, Soupman has also co-branded and licensed itself with quality partners such as Tim Horton’s, the largest Canadian and fourth largest publicly-traded quick service restaurant chain in North America with 3,627 system-wide restaurants, including 3,040 in Canada and 587 in the U.S. Other co-branded franchises included two locations with Ranch 1, a popular New York City grilled chicken chain. Wendy’s, which recently took over the #2 spot for the quick-service hamburger giants, has also done a similar co-branding with Tim Horton’s which goes to prove that SOUP stock should soon start to reap rewards for early investors.
SOUP Stock Management: 
Arnold Casale – CEO, Member of the Board of Directors 
As CEO of Soupman Inc., Casale:

oversees the entirety of Soupman, Inc.’s day-to-day business, including production and purchasing
operations for our restaurants and our full line of products in supermarket distribution,
has over 40 years in the food and restaurant business,
developed the technology that made it possible to mass produce the classic New York-style par-baked
bagel and the introduction of it into many fast-food systems,
co-founded Arnie’s Bagelicious Bagels, Inc. in 1991 to manufacture and distribute bagel products
through in-store retail bakeries and food service before selling to the Quaker Oats Company in 1994.
Arnie’s Bagels customers included McDonald’s, Disney World, Dunkin’ Donuts, Friendly’s, A&P
Supermarkets and other major national chains,
owned and operated several retail “hand rolled” bagel shops where he perfected his formula in the
70’s and 80’s,
was a franchisee owner of one of the highest-grossing Carvel Ice Cream shops in New York City for
10 years, and
was instrumental in bringing Froze Fruit, an all-natural fruit dessert on a stick, to market.

Robert Bertrand – President, CFO
As president and CFO, Bertrand:

is responsible for all financial and administrative functions of Soupman, Inc.,
held this same position at Soup Kitchen International since 2004,
has 33 years of financial and operations experience,
was the COO and CFO of a startup manufacturer of healthy, indulgent chocolate products sold under
the brand name of “SOBE,”
was a partner in Bullard Financial, Inc. a firm specializing in strategic financial planning for small
businesses, their owners, and their officers from 2000-2002,
spent 20 years with two publicly traded companies, Industrial Acoustics Company, Inc. (from 1990 to
2000) and Bairnco Corporation (from 1980 to 1990), starting as accounting manager and ultimately
ending up as CFO and Senior Vice-President of Finance and Administration,
started his professional career in 1977 with Singer & Lusardi, a well-respected, independent CPA
firm located in Worcester, Massachusetts.

Daniel Rubano – Senior VP of Franchise Development & Operations, Member of the Board of Directors
Rubano:

has over 25 years of leadership experience in franchising and restaurant management,
served as President of Ranch*1, a grilled chicken franchise from 1996 through 2001 as their Director of
Franchise Operations,
served President of Johnny’s NY Pizza, a full service restaurant franchise; and President of Rollerz Wraps,
a quick service salad and wrap franchise, all of whom were owned by Kahala Corporation. Kahala is the
franchisor of over 3,000 restaurants, including such well-known names such as Cold Stone Creamery,
Ranch*1, Blimpie, and Taco Time,
was also a member of Soup Kitchen International’s Board of Directors from 2003 until 2006.

SOUP Stock Celebrity Shareholders and Endorsers: 
Basketball legend Shaquille “Shaq” O’Neal has a number of franchises such as 24-Hour Fitness franchises and Five Guys Burger and Fries along with a handful of others and if you ever had a chance to meet and shake hands with “Superman” like I have, he has some big ass hands. As an investor and pitchman for The Original Soupman, Shaq claims the decision was easy; “I tasted it one day. It’s a good product with a great team. My favorite is the lobster bisque, It has lobster chunks.”
Baseball Hall of Famer and Yankee legend for his “hot bat” in October post season play, Reggie Jackson joined the Board of Directors after having eaten the chicken vegetable, the lobster bisque and the wedding soup. Mr. October is no investing fool as he has made more money out of baseball than he did while playing having always invested intelligently in appreciating assets. Whether it was classic cars or buying Apple and GE stock, Jackson has always been known for his investment savvy amongst the baseball playing community which is why his connection to Soupman makes the stock seem like a true champion.
Seinfeld co-star Jason Alexander has even gotten involved with the company in a non-disclosed way. Many people remember when George Costanza was thrown out of the Soupman’s store in the famous “Seinfeld” episode about the Soup Nazi, but few know it happened again in real life when he tried to return to the Soupman after shooting the episode for a bowl of soup.
Please note: The three celebrities bought into the concept, they’re not hired talent. All three of them have put their name and money into SOUP stock for one simple reason, “They liked the Soup.”
Bottom Line: SOUP stock price is not going to going to reflect that of Starbucks or Campbell’s event though Soupman, Inc. products are now available in Tetra Recart packages for the first time. $6 billion is recorded annually in the main soup aisle where Soupman is now able to stand adjacent to their canned competitors. Soup is an ubiquitous food offering which is why a store with soup as the draw is not a risky business. Is it profitable? Look for yourself at the most recent 10-K filed by SOUP.OB. Other than the debt which is the purchase of the original Soup Kitchen and all the assets of it, the company is structurally healthy.
Add SOUP.OB as one of those penny stocks you have a look at every now and then to see what’s going on and get yourself online and order the soup if you can’t get to a supermarket that has it or a franchise location to get it served “Soupman” style. Two things I can lay my hat on are is when in New York City, you must eat at both the Carnegie deli and the “Original Soupman,” and that once you try the soup, you will too find yourself logging into your online brokerage account to join Mr. October, Superman and Costanza as an investor in what could wind up being a great penny stock in the months and years to come.
Last updated by Aim High Alerts at March 22, 2012.
Tweet
Share
22

MAR


0



Share on Twitter
Share on Facebook
Share on Google

  Recent Penny Stock NewsScrew Tesla Motors (TSLA), I’ll Take A ZAP (ZAAP)
How To Find Good Penny Stocks To Trade
Rich Pharmaceuticals Inc. (RCHA) Stock Defies Gravity
Top Penny Stocks: APS Keeps The AMLH Pump Going
Affymax (AFFY) A SIGN That Penny Stocks Are Back
CYNK | BZYR |Big Money Still Being Made On OTC Stocks
A SOUPER Opportunity With Soupman Inc. (SOUP)
Well Power Inc. (WPWR) Looks Pretty Awesome So Far
All Eyes Are On The Growth Potential Of Growlife (PHOT)
ALAS | Alas Aviation Crashes Hard After Asset-less 10-K



Sign Up For Our Breaking Alerts


Email Address*

 









Recent News 
Profits Since August 1:  $81,574.43 @ 32Trades.com
Have you ever wondered what it would be like to be able to trade options?

Are you confused about all the terms and types o...


Penny Stocks | How I Made $17,330 In 4 Days Using DDAmanda
Trading penny stocks is risky - at least that's what the general consensus would have you believe.  For years now, AimHighPr...


$FB CALLS:  One Trade, $7,500 Profits
In case you've been under a rock or stuck on iHub trying to justify why or when diluting MM's are going to leave the OTC tick...


$AMZN 750 PUTS : $365 → $9,618 (2,914%) In Under 1 Hour
In case you've been under a rock or stuck on iHub trying to justify why or when diluting MM's are going to leave the OTC tick...


Top Traded OTC Stocks: November 7, 2016
There are many components to a successful penny stock trader and one of them is being able to identify what's hot and what's ...


Top Traded OTC Stocks: November 4, 2016
There are many components to a successful penny stock trader and one of them is being able to identify what's hot and what's ...

CategoriesSelect Category
Gold Stocks
Investing in Penny Stocks
Learn the Basics
Make Money
Penny Stocks
Penny Stocks In The News
Penny Stocks on the Move
Penny Stocks to Watch
Solar Energy Stocks
Stock Upgrades
Update
Volume Alerts




 




There Are Better OPTIONS Than OTC Stocks

Want To Trade Options Like TSLA?Your information will *never* be shared or sold to a 3rd party.There Are Better OPTIONS Than OTC Stocks

Want To Trade Options Like TSLA?Your information will *never* be shared or sold to a 3rd party.






















In the soup: Bankruptcy for company selling Soup Nazi fare - CBS News

















GO



Log In




Log In


Join CBSNews.com








CBS Moneywatch

     Get  


















Trending Videos CBSN Live »







The Feed

                                                                                'Seinfeld' Soup Man Re-Opens







CBS This Morning
A White House divided







CBS This Morning
Major setback on health care







CBS This Morning
Transgender military ban on hold







CBS This Morning
Fairs stop running "Fire Ball"







CBS This Morning
Ford Explorers probe expands







CBS This Morning
Will Trump sign new sanctions bill?







CBS This Morning
Murder at sea?







CBS This Morning
Jeff Bezos no longer richest man







CBS This Morning
Bob Schieffer on White House drama







CBS This Morning
Deadly Ohio State Fair accident







CBS This Morning
Transgender military ban protests







CBS This Morning
Clinton's book: "What Happened"







CBS This Morning
What sparked transgender ban?







CBS This Morning
White House leakers put on notice







CBS This Morning
Alaskan cruise death







CBS This Morning
Tainted alcohol in Mexico?







CBS This Morning
Birkenstock squares off with Amazon







CBS Evening News
Russia sanctions opposition







CBS Evening News
Texas police altercation







CBS Evening News
Cruise ship death







CBS Evening News
Evaluating guide dogs







CBS Evening News
Trump and Sessions







CBS Evening News
GOP health care hurdle







CBS Evening News
Texas driver had suspended license







CBS Evening News
U.S. fires near Iranian ship











MoneyWatch Small Business
Should small food makers fear Amazon-Whole Foods combo?






MoneyWatch Small Business
In the soup: Bankruptcy for Soup Nazi spinoff






MoneyWatch Small Business
Hanging its hat back in the U.S., Kangol struggles with costs






MoneyWatch Small Business
Bought green coffee extract? You might be eligible for a refund






MoneyWatch Small Business
Farmers fear impact of U.S. exit from NAFTA






MoneyWatch Small Business
You're hired: job growth picks up at private businesses






MoneyWatch Small Business
Border wall contractors brace for hostile site







MoneyWatch Small Business
Cambodia bans export of breast milk by U.S. company






MoneyWatch Small Business
Trump's Mar-a-Lago visits are hurting business, companies say






MoneyWatch Small Business
Snack bar CEO commits millions to fight food industry sway






MoneyWatch Small Business
Big Apple Circus springs back to life






MoneyWatch Small Business
Feds arrest 2 in scam banking on "Hamilton," Adele shows
















CBS/AP
June 14, 2017, 6:18 PM
In the soup: Bankruptcy for company selling Soup Nazi fare





Comment






Share






                Tweet
            





                Stumble
            





                Email
            



A New York City company that sells soup from the recipes of the chef who was the real-life model of the Soup Nazi on "Seinfeld" has filed for bankruptcy less than a month after its chief financial officer was arrested on charges he cheated the government out of employment-related taxes.Soupman Inc., based in Staten Island, sells soups made from the recipes of Al Yeganeh. Yeganeh and his soup stand were the inspirations behind the "Seinfeld" television show character, who shouted the catchphrase "No soup for you!"The company's CEO, Jamie Karson, said Tuesday that "the combination of legacy liabilities and recent company developments have made it necessary to seek bankruptcy protection." Karson said its products, including jambalaya, lobster bisque and chicken gumbo, would still be available in stores.Last month, CFO Robert Bertrand was charged in Brooklyn federal court with failing to pay Medicare, Social Security and federal income taxes for company employees. The government said he paid employees unreported cash and gave some workers large unreported stock awards from 2010 through 2014.According to the indictment, the total estimated tax loss to the Internal Revenue Service was $593,000. Bertrand, of Norwalk, Connecticut, has pleaded not guilty and has been released on $50,000 bail.


                                        © 2017 CBS Interactive Inc. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. The Associated Press contributed to this report.
                    





Comment






Share






                Tweet
            





                Stumble
            





                Email
            









 


Featured in Moneywatch




20 of the coolest places to retire in the world

Find out what activities and attractions make these 20 cities and town some of the best places to retire around the world





10 products you should never buy generic

Generics are a great way to save money in lots of cases, but here is a look at some clear exceptions


 

Popular






Market Data























 



Latest Features





Treasury kills Obama-era myRA savings retirement program
            







Starbucks closing all 379 Teavana stores
            







U.S. economy grew by 2.6 percent, short of Trump's goals
            







Uber CBO works to turn around company's image
            







Foxconn's Wisconsin deal comes with a $3 billion catch
            





Market News








 

Moneywatch Spotlight





5 of the safest cars you can buy
            







7 great deals on used cars
            







10 homes you can buy for $5,000 -- that's right: $5,000
            







The 9 most in-demand jobs that pay more than $100,000
            







5 van homes that take "glamping" on the road
            





Stock Watchlist








 



New Fire TV App




 




 


 




















Soupman, Inc. Files For Bankruptcy Protection - TheStreet





























































 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 








































Soupman, Inc. Files For Bankruptcy Protection









PR Newswire




Jun 13, 2017 6:20 PM EDT













 


















































  NEW YORK, June 13, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Soupman, Inc. (OTCQB: SOUP)("SM"), a producer and marketer of high-quality branded soups bearing the name "Original Soupman" today announced that it has filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection. SM also announced it has secured a new $2 million debtor-in-possession credit facility ("DIP") from an independent third-party private investment firm to finance its working capital needs and allow business operations to continue as normal.  Michael Wyse of Wyse Advisors, LLC has been hired as Chief Restructuring Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer of SM. "The combination of legacy liabilities and recent company developments have made it necessary to seek bankruptcy protection. This will ensure that our delicious soups remain on grocery shelves throughout the country which is in the best interests of all of our stakeholders and customers." "The ongoing support from our lender through our new DIP facility will allow us to continue business operations as normal. We anticipate that there will be no disruption in the quality of our product or service that we provide to our vendors and customers during this transition period," said Jamie Karson, CEO. The  Chapter 11 petition was filed in the United States Bankruptcy Court in Delaware.  The law firm of Polsinelli is advising SM as bankruptcy counsel.  Safe Harbor Statement: This press release may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The forward-looking statements are based on current expectations, estimates and projections made by management. The Company intends for the forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements. Words such as "anticipates", "expects", "intends", "plans", "believes", "seeks", "estimates" or variations of such words are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements contained in this press release include, statements regarding the Company's ability to raise the capital it needs to remain in business.  All forward-looking statements in this press release are made as of the date of this press release, and the Company assumes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements other than as required by law. The forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth or implied by any forward-looking statements such as our ability to continue to reduce liabilities and expand our product line and distribution, our ability to execute our business strategy and position the Company for future growth, and the risk factors discussed in the Business and Management's Discussion and Analysis sections in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Annual Reports on Form 10-K and Current Reports on Form 8-K. Copies of these filings are available www.originalsoupman.com.    



 








 










































If you liked this article you might like













As Weather Cools, Soupman's CEO Sees Big Opportunity With New Flavors
As the weather turns cooler, many Americans will turn to soups and that means it's a prime opportunity for Soupman to launch new flavors and expand their business.



Ruben Ramirez

Nov 2, 2016 12:01 PM EDT
























10 Hot Franchise Concepts You Can Invest In
It seems hard to believe that McDonald's, Dunkin' Donuts and Subway all started out as small ideas at one point in time. Here are 10 small, yet growing concepts hoping for the same big success.



Laurie Kulikowski

Jun 19, 2014 7:00 AM EDT
























Some Profitable Stocks Providing Food for Thought
Here's our menu of investment choices.



Alessandra Rose Miguel-Descalso

Apr 21, 2014 11:16 AM EDT
























Exclusive Interview: Soupman CEO Says There's Plenty of Soup For You
Huge name recognition and expansion opportunities make Soupman a small cap with enormous potential.



Jonathan Yates

Mar 26, 2014 9:00 AM EDT








































 











Trending


Whole Foods Could Bring a Nasty Surprise to Amazon in 2018


Amazon and General Electric Are Friday's Smoking Hot Tickers: AMZN, TSLA, SBUX, GE, AAPL, X


Exxon Mobil Stock Tanks on Earnings Miss


Apple Investing Billions in OLED Display


Intel's Post-Earnings Surge Hits Heavy Resistance -- Here's Where to Buy It











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












      Soupman Inc. of ‘Seinfeld’ Fame Seeks Bankruptcy Protection  - WSJ
    









































































































 




Dow Jones, a News Corp companyNews Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information servicesDow JonesBarron'sBigChartsDJXDow Jones NewswiresFactivaFinancial NewsMansion GlobalMarketWatchNewsPlusPrivate MarketsRisk & ComplianceWSJ ConferenceWSJ ProWSJ VideoWSJ.comNews CorpBig DecisionsBusiness SpectatorCheckout51Harper CollinsNew York PostPropTigerREArealtor.comStoryfulThe AustralianThe SunThe TimesSubscribe NowSign InThe Wall Street JournalSearchSearch→
 

 

















                      Amazon’s Expansion Costs Take a Toll
                    











                      Trump Comments on U.S. Factories Make It Awkward for Apple
                    











                      An Electric Maserati? Fiat Chrysler CEO Says It’s on the Way
                    











                        Globalization in Retreat
                      

                      China’s Next Target: U.S. Microchip Hegemony
                    











                      Shell Prepares for ‘Lower Forever’ Oil Prices
                    











                      Uber Approaches GE CEO Jeff Immelt About Top Role
                    











                      Glencore Under Probe Over Congo Payments
                    











                      Chinese Billionaire Scales Down His Hollywood Dreams
                    











                      Intel Finds Room to Boost Revenue
                    











                      United Therapeutics in Settlement Talks With Justice Department
                    











                      Procter &amp; Gamble, Activist Spar Over Latest Results
                    









 



 






 

































        Small
      




        Medium
      




        Large
      








Save Article
Sign In to Save
Subscribe to WSJ









 










Business




Soupman Inc. of ‘Seinfeld’ Fame Seeks Bankruptcy Protection 
Staten Island, N.Y., company lists assets of about $1.4 million, debts of about $11.8 million

 






By

Patrick Fitzgerald


Patrick Fitzgerald
The Wall Street Journal
BiographyPatrick Fitzgerald
@patfitzgerald23





  Updated June 13, 2017 9:27 p.m. ET





 Soupman Inc., of “Seinfeld” fame, filed for bankruptcy protection Tuesday, just weeks after a top company executive was indicted on charges of tax evasion. The Staten Island-based company licenses the recipes, likeness and name of Al Yeganeh, the man who inspired the “Soup Nazi” character in the television show. Federal prosecutors last...
  


    To Read the Full Story
  


      Subscribe
    

      Sign In
    



 












 






Most Popular Videos









Sen. Graham: The 'Skinny' Bill Is a Disaster









Dan Neil Drives VW's Atlas









Who and What Is Covered by Medicaid?









How Luxury Home Builders Build for Themselves









John McCain Casts Deciding Vote to Defeat Health Bill






Most Popular Articles








Scaramucci Erupts Over Priebus and Leakers








Bad News If You Make $150,000 to $300,000: Higher Taxes for Many








Opinion: Trump Is Woody Allen Without the Humor








Stop Saying Tom Brady Is Old!








Japan Slaps 50% Tariff on Some U.S. Beef





 





 







              Popular on WSJ
            








Most Popular Videos









Sen. Graham: The 'Skinny' Bill Is a Disaster









Dan Neil Drives VW's Atlas









Who and What Is Covered by Medicaid?









How Luxury Home Builders Build for Themselves









John McCain Casts Deciding Vote to Defeat Health Bill






Most Popular Articles








Scaramucci Erupts Over Priebus and Leakers








Bad News If You Make $150,000 to $300,000: Higher Taxes for Many








Opinion: Trump Is Woody Allen Without the Humor








Stop Saying Tom Brady Is Old!








Japan Slaps 50% Tariff on Some U.S. Beef





 








 
















   
     
       
     
   

  
    
      
    
  

  
    
      
    
  

  
    
      
    
  


  
    
    
      
    
    
      Save Article
      Sign In to Save
      Subscribe to WSJ
    
  

   
     
       
     
   
   
     
       
     
   




  
  
    
      
  
    
      Text Size
  
      
      
        

        Small
      
  
      
      
        

        Medium
      
  
      
      
        

        Large
      
    
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
    
      
        
          
            
              
          
            Print
          
        
      
          
            
              
          
            Facebook
          
        
        
          
            
              
          
            Twitter
          
        
        
          
            
              
          
            WhatsApp
          
        
  
        
          
            
              
          
            SMS
          
        
  
  
        
          
            
              
          
            Copy Link
          
        
  
      
  
      
        
    
  
    
  
  
  


 



















Menus - The Original Soupman


























































































THE COLDER THE WEATHER THE MORE YOU NEED SOUPMAN







Menus 


This is our Classic menu, but inspiration may strike at any moment. Prices may change too (a sudden spike in lentils).
 










About The Original SoupmanWhat would you do for a bowl of soup? If it’s from The Original Soupman, probably a lot! Today, the Soupman legend lives on, find our 6 packs of small-batch, super fresh soups from The Original Soupman.
Each of the soups are still made with the craft and relentless pursuit of excellence that defines perfectionism and creates legends.
Find out more on our new Original Soupman website, and buy soup online... for you!
News


							
							Seinfeld's 'Soup Nazi' brings Shrimp Bisque to Shoprite in New Jersey						


							
							Making soup with Seinfeld's Soupman on Seattle King 5 TV						


							
							Soupman Appears on Fox 26 Houston						


Latest Tweets 
Buy it online. #nosoupforyou #originalsoupman
https://t.co/8TQDtd5z6C https://t.co/PblPjYemld - 3 months ago
Another rainy day in NYC. Come try our new Beef Bone Broths. 259 W 55th NYC. https://t.co/RAnhLGf9SO - 3 months ago
Shrimp Bisque! Yum.
https://t.co/JttbwkTKGi #nosoupforyou https://t.co/0y31yPQVkl - 3 months ago

Contacts

Main Office:  1-212-768-7687
Corporate Mailing Address
The Original SoupManTM
1110 South Ave.
Suite 100, Staten Island, NY 10314
Email:
info@originalsoupman.com
































Copyright © 2016 The Original SoupManTM, a registered trademark. All Rights Reserved.
















Our Origins - The Original Soupman


























































































THE COLDER THE WEATHER THE MORE YOU NEED SOUPMAN










 

Where it all started
THE PHENOMENON STARTED BACK IN 1984. WAY BEFORE THE CLASSIC PUNCHLINE ON SEINFELD, THERE WERE LONG SOUP LINES OUTSIDE OF AL’S LEGENDARY NYC STORE.This was soup worth waiting for, even in sub-zero winters. The innovative recipes, miraculously fresh ingredients and spices from Al‘s secret sources showed jaded New Yorker’s a whole new side of soup.
Nothing has changed. Our small-batch soups are still made with the craft and relentless pursuit of excellence that defines perfectionism and creates legends.
As the New York Times said, Al creates “Art, not soup.” Now, that liquid perfection is available three ways, at our restaurants, at supermarkets, and right here, on our website.






  









About The Original SoupmanWhat would you do for a bowl of soup? If it’s from The Original Soupman, probably a lot! Today, the Soupman legend lives on, find our 6 packs of small-batch, super fresh soups from The Original Soupman.
Each of the soups are still made with the craft and relentless pursuit of excellence that defines perfectionism and creates legends.
Find out more on our new Original Soupman website, and buy soup online... for you!
News


							
							Seinfeld's 'Soup Nazi' brings Shrimp Bisque to Shoprite in New Jersey						


							
							Making soup with Seinfeld's Soupman on Seattle King 5 TV						


							
							Soupman Appears on Fox 26 Houston						


Latest Tweets 
Buy it online. #nosoupforyou #originalsoupman
https://t.co/8TQDtd5z6C https://t.co/PblPjYemld - 3 months ago
Another rainy day in NYC. Come try our new Beef Bone Broths. 259 W 55th NYC. https://t.co/RAnhLGf9SO - 3 months ago
Shrimp Bisque! Yum.
https://t.co/JttbwkTKGi #nosoupforyou https://t.co/0y31yPQVkl - 3 months ago

Contacts

Main Office:  1-212-768-7687
Corporate Mailing Address
The Original SoupManTM
1110 South Ave.
Suite 100, Staten Island, NY 10314
Email:
info@originalsoupman.com
































Copyright © 2016 The Original SoupManTM, a registered trademark. All Rights Reserved.
















Contact Us - The Original Soupman

























































































THE COLDER THE WEATHER THE MORE YOU NEED SOUPMAN







Contact Us 


Main Office: 1-212-768-7687
Fax Number: 1-212-768-7055
Corporate Mailing Address:
The Original SoupMan™
1110 South Ave.
Suite 100, Staten Island, NY 10314
Questions? Comments?
Email us at: info@originalsoupman.com
Restaurants:
To reach specific Original SoupMan restaurants, please call the phone number listed on their Location Information page.
 









About The Original SoupmanWhat would you do for a bowl of soup? If it’s from The Original Soupman, probably a lot! Today, the Soupman legend lives on, find our 6 packs of small-batch, super fresh soups from The Original Soupman.
Each of the soups are still made with the craft and relentless pursuit of excellence that defines perfectionism and creates legends.
Find out more on our new Original Soupman website, and buy soup online... for you!
News


							
							Seinfeld's 'Soup Nazi' brings Shrimp Bisque to Shoprite in New Jersey						


							
							Making soup with Seinfeld's Soupman on Seattle King 5 TV						


							
							Soupman Appears on Fox 26 Houston						


Latest Tweets 
Buy it online. #nosoupforyou #originalsoupman
https://t.co/8TQDtd5z6C https://t.co/PblPjYemld - 3 months ago
Another rainy day in NYC. Come try our new Beef Bone Broths. 259 W 55th NYC. https://t.co/RAnhLGf9SO - 3 months ago
Shrimp Bisque! Yum.
https://t.co/JttbwkTKGi #nosoupforyou https://t.co/0y31yPQVkl - 3 months ago

Contacts

Main Office:  1-212-768-7687
Corporate Mailing Address
The Original SoupManTM
1110 South Ave.
Suite 100, Staten Island, NY 10314
Email:
info@originalsoupman.com
































Copyright © 2016 The Original SoupManTM, a registered trademark. All Rights Reserved.
















Al's Rules - The Original Soupman


























































































THE COLDER THE WEATHER THE MORE YOU NEED SOUPMAN








 
ENGLISH SPANISH FRENCH  ITALIAN  JAPANESE CHINESE  KOREAN GERMAN  RUSSIAN  BELGIAN  SWEDISH  NORWEGIAN
 























About The Original SoupmanWhat would you do for a bowl of soup? If it’s from The Original Soupman, probably a lot! Today, the Soupman legend lives on, find our 6 packs of small-batch, super fresh soups from The Original Soupman.
Each of the soups are still made with the craft and relentless pursuit of excellence that defines perfectionism and creates legends.
Find out more on our new Original Soupman website, and buy soup online... for you!
News


							
							Seinfeld's 'Soup Nazi' brings Shrimp Bisque to Shoprite in New Jersey						


							
							Making soup with Seinfeld's Soupman on Seattle King 5 TV						


							
							Soupman Appears on Fox 26 Houston						


Latest Tweets 
Buy it online. #nosoupforyou #originalsoupman
https://t.co/8TQDtd5z6C https://t.co/PblPjYemld - 3 months ago
Another rainy day in NYC. Come try our new Beef Bone Broths. 259 W 55th NYC. https://t.co/RAnhLGf9SO - 3 months ago
Shrimp Bisque! Yum.
https://t.co/JttbwkTKGi #nosoupforyou https://t.co/0y31yPQVkl - 3 months ago

Contacts

Main Office:  1-212-768-7687
Corporate Mailing Address
The Original SoupManTM
1110 South Ave.
Suite 100, Staten Island, NY 10314
Email:
info@originalsoupman.com
































Copyright © 2016 The Original SoupManTM, a registered trademark. All Rights Reserved.
















The Original Soupman - Soups, Restaurants, Recipes and More



























































































THE COLDER THE WEATHER THE MORE YOU NEED SOUPMAN









 



History of the Original Soupman
Find out more about what made The Original Soupman so popular today.

Our Story








 



Buy Soup Online
Shop and choose from our selection of soups via our Amazon Store.

Buy Soup Online








 



Original Soupman recipe of the month competition
Submit recipes using our tetra flavors and winners can receive prizes including t-shirts, mugs and more.

Enter Now








 



Seven Amazing Flavors Lobster Bisque, Chicken Noodle, Shrimp Bisque, Jambalaya, Chicken Gumbo, Crab & Corn Chowder and Lentil.
Available at the best supermarkets in the country, including Krogers, Publix, Heb, Safeway, Fairway.

Supermarket Near You








 



Vote for The Best Soup
Tell us what your favorite Original Soupman soup is.

Vote Now








 



Donate to Al's Feed the Hungry Foundation

Donate Today












 History of the Original Soupman


History of the Original Soupman






 Buy Soup Online


Buy Soup Online






 Recipe of the Month


Recipe of the Month






 Product Tetra Pak


Product Tetra Pak






 Vote For The Best Soup


Vote For The Best Soup






 Donate to Al's Feed the Hungry Foundation


Donate to Al's Feed the Hungry Foundation
















About The Original SoupmanWhat would you do for a bowl of soup? If it’s from The Original Soupman, probably a lot! Today, the Soupman legend lives on, find our 6 packs of small-batch, super fresh soups from The Original Soupman.
Each of the soups are still made with the craft and relentless pursuit of excellence that defines perfectionism and creates legends.
Find out more on our new Original Soupman website, and buy soup online... for you!
News


							
							Seinfeld's 'Soup Nazi' brings Shrimp Bisque to Shoprite in New Jersey						


							
							Making soup with Seinfeld's Soupman on Seattle King 5 TV						


							
							Soupman Appears on Fox 26 Houston						


Latest Tweets 
Buy it online. #nosoupforyou #originalsoupman
https://t.co/8TQDtd5z6C https://t.co/PblPjYemld - 3 months ago
Another rainy day in NYC. Come try our new Beef Bone Broths. 259 W 55th NYC. https://t.co/RAnhLGf9SO - 3 months ago
Shrimp Bisque! Yum.
https://t.co/JttbwkTKGi #nosoupforyou https://t.co/0y31yPQVkl - 3 months ago

Contacts

Main Office:  1-212-768-7687
Corporate Mailing Address
The Original SoupManTM
1110 South Ave.
Suite 100, Staten Island, NY 10314
Email:
info@originalsoupman.com
































Copyright © 2016 The Original SoupManTM, a registered trademark. All Rights Reserved.
















Find Original Soupman at Supermarkets & Grocers Near You

























































































THE COLDER THE WEATHER THE MORE YOU NEED SOUPMAN







Grocers Near You 
































































“Can’t find us?” Click here to demand now!
 Enter Your Address  Radius10 miles25 miles50 miles100 miles200 miles500 miles   Enter Your Address or Zip Code Above.









About The Original SoupmanWhat would you do for a bowl of soup? If it’s from The Original Soupman, probably a lot! Today, the Soupman legend lives on, find our 6 packs of small-batch, super fresh soups from The Original Soupman.
Each of the soups are still made with the craft and relentless pursuit of excellence that defines perfectionism and creates legends.
Find out more on our new Original Soupman website, and buy soup online... for you!
News


							
							Seinfeld's 'Soup Nazi' brings Shrimp Bisque to Shoprite in New Jersey						


							
							Making soup with Seinfeld's Soupman on Seattle King 5 TV						


							
							Soupman Appears on Fox 26 Houston						


Latest Tweets 
Buy it online. #nosoupforyou #originalsoupman
https://t.co/8TQDtd5z6C https://t.co/PblPjYemld - 3 months ago
Another rainy day in NYC. Come try our new Beef Bone Broths. 259 W 55th NYC. https://t.co/RAnhLGf9SO - 3 months ago
Shrimp Bisque! Yum.
https://t.co/JttbwkTKGi #nosoupforyou https://t.co/0y31yPQVkl - 3 months ago

Contacts

Main Office:  1-212-768-7687
Corporate Mailing Address
The Original SoupManTM
1110 South Ave.
Suite 100, Staten Island, NY 10314
Email:
info@originalsoupman.com
































Copyright © 2016 The Original SoupManTM, a registered trademark. All Rights Reserved.





















Dining Near You - The Original Soupman

























































































THE COLDER THE WEATHER THE MORE YOU NEED SOUPMAN








 

NEW YORK


The Original Soupman @ALBANY

131 Colonie Center Mall, Albany, NY 12205
(518) 438-3369



The Original Soupman @TIM HORTON’S

1021 6th Ave., New York, NY 10018
(646) 852-6113



The Original Soupman @55th & 8th




The Original Soupman @ASTORIA

25-98 Steinway St, Astoria 11103
(347) 431-0933

NEW JERSEY


The Original Soupman @Resorts Casino Hotel

1133 Boardwalk, Atlantic City. NJ, 08401
Phone: 1-800-772-9000

CONNECTICUT


The Original Soupman @MOHEGAN SUN (Earth Casino Food Court)

1 Mohegan Sun Blvd., Uncasville, CT 06382
(860) 862-9758











About The Original SoupmanWhat would you do for a bowl of soup? If it’s from The Original Soupman, probably a lot! Today, the Soupman legend lives on, find our 6 packs of small-batch, super fresh soups from The Original Soupman.
Each of the soups are still made with the craft and relentless pursuit of excellence that defines perfectionism and creates legends.
Find out more on our new Original Soupman website, and buy soup online... for you!
News


							
							Seinfeld's 'Soup Nazi' brings Shrimp Bisque to Shoprite in New Jersey						


							
							Making soup with Seinfeld's Soupman on Seattle King 5 TV						


							
							Soupman Appears on Fox 26 Houston						


Latest Tweets 
Buy it online. #nosoupforyou #originalsoupman
https://t.co/8TQDtd5z6C https://t.co/PblPjYemld - 3 months ago
Another rainy day in NYC. Come try our new Beef Bone Broths. 259 W 55th NYC. https://t.co/RAnhLGf9SO - 3 months ago
Shrimp Bisque! Yum.
https://t.co/JttbwkTKGi #nosoupforyou https://t.co/0y31yPQVkl - 3 months ago

Contacts

Main Office:  1-212-768-7687
Corporate Mailing Address
The Original SoupManTM
1110 South Ave.
Suite 100, Staten Island, NY 10314
Email:
info@originalsoupman.com
































Copyright © 2016 The Original SoupManTM, a registered trademark. All Rights Reserved.










