

Sousatzka Broadway Limited Partnership - Who is raising money? | SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, startups and private equity companies















Who is raising money?











Sousatzka Broadway Limited Partnership  Funding details


Sousatzka Broadway Limited Partnership Industry: OtherCIK Number: 0001691000Address: 1200 BAY STREET  TORONTO M5R 2A5Phone number: 416-323-2333



Sousatzka Broadway Limited Partnership Filings

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2016-12-01New Form D$11,000,000Yet To Sell$11,000,000$0006b[SEC Filing]



Directors and Executives of Sousatzka Broadway Limited Partnership
Key People in Sousatzka Broadway Limited Partnership:

Richard Stursberg








Last visited companies: XIGNITE INC, Xhale Innovations, Inc., VORTEX PURE WATER LLC, Anniston HMA, LLC, CGA MINING LTD

								© whoisraisingmoney.com
Daily updated news about investment into startups, hedge funds and private equity companies.

























 







Sousatzka Broadway Limited Partnership - Other- Stursberg  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









Sousatzka Broadway Limited Partnership

      Industry: Other
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    1200 Bay Street  
    Toronto, A6, M5R 2A5Phone: 416-323-2333 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-12-01


New


Yet to Sell


$0


Equity Only


06b


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Richard Stursberg 
 Executive 










 



Instagram





























































































 




Once Jailed for Fraud, Garth Drabinsky Plans a Broadway Comeback - The New York Times





































































































































NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.
LEARN MORE »









Sections

Home

Search
Skip to content
Skip to navigation
View mobile version




The New York Times





Theater|Once Jailed for Fraud, Garth Drabinsky Plans a Broadway Comeback







Search

Subscribe Now
Log In
0
Settings




Close search



https://nyti.ms/2djQpmk








Advertisement








Supported by



Theater

Once Jailed for Fraud, Garth Drabinsky Plans a Broadway Comeback

By MICHAEL PAULSONSEPT. 28, 2016



Continue reading the main story
Share This Page

Continue reading the main story










Photo






Garth Drabinsky arrives for his sentencing hearing in Toronto in 2009.

Credit
            Mark Blinch/Reuters        



Garth Drabinsky, the storied Canadian producer once imprisoned for fraud, is planning his Broadway comeback.A consortium of producers led by a former Canadian Broadcasting Corporation executive announced Wednesday that Mr. Drabinsky’s production of “Sousatzka,” a musical adapted from the 1962 novel “Madame Sousatzka,” would be staged in Toronto early next year, and is aiming for a transfer to Broadway next fall.A return to Broadway would be a remarkable moment for Mr. Drabinsky, who was convicted of fraud and forgery in Canada in 2009. As a theater producer he won three Tony Awards, for “Kiss of the Spider Woman,” “Show Boat” and “Fosse,” but he has not had a production on Broadway in 15 years, and is unable to travel to the United States because he is considered a fugitive there.Written by Bernice Rubens, “Madame Sousatzka” tells the story of the relationship between a piano teacher and a child prodigy; it was adapted into a 1988 film starring Shirley MacLaine.

Advertisement

Continue reading the main story

“Sousatzka” is powered by a number of Broadway luminaries. It features a book by Craig Lucas (“An American in Paris”), a score by Richard Maltby Jr. and David Shire (the team that collaborated on “Big”), and stars the Tony winners Victoria Clark (“The Light in the Piazza”) and Judy Kaye (“The Phantom of the Opera”), as well as Montego Glover (“Memphis”).
Newsletter Sign Up
Continue reading the main story

  


Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box.
Invalid email address. Please re-enter.
You must select a newsletter to subscribe to.



Sign Up







You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.





Thank you for subscribing.
An error has occurred. Please try again later.
You are already subscribed to this email.
View all New York Times newsletters.


See Sample
Manage Email Preferences
Not you?
Privacy Policy
Opt out or contact us anytime




The director is Adrian Noble, a former artistic director of the Royal Shakespeare Company, and the choreographer Graciela Daniele (“The Visit”). Among the members of the creative team are two who just won Tony awards for “Hamilton”: the costume designer Paul Tazewell and the lighting designer Howell Binkley.Because of Mr. Drabinsky’s history, the production’s financing will be raised and managed by an entity called Teatro Proscenium Limited Partnership, which named as its chief executive Richard Stursberg, a former executive vice president of the CBC. Mr. Drabinsky is to be the show’s creative producer, meaning that he will oversee the artistic elements of the production. Continue reading the main story







Advertisement

Continue reading the main story





The musical is to begin previews Feb. 25 at the Elgin Theater in Toronto, to open March 23 and to close April 9; the producers say they plan to transfer to Broadway in October 2017.
Continue reading the main story






We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think.







Related Coverage






Garth H. Drabinsky and Myron I. Gottlieb of Livent Convicted of Forgery and Fraud
MARCH 25, 2009
























Related Coverage







Garth H. Drabinsky and Myron I. Gottlieb of Livent Convicted of Forgery and Fraud
MARCH 25, 2009











What's Next


Loading...









Go to Home Page »

Site Index

The New York Times





























‘Sousatzka’ Musical: Producer Garth Drabinsky Set for a Comeback | Variety

















































 











































 



















































Variety



Continue to Variety () 
SKIP AD































  
























Variety
Editions:
		

U.S
Global
Asia






Subscribe Today!

 


Navigation Menu




|

My Account
Sign In









Subscribe












 














HomeLegitNews 



Theater Producer Garth Drabinsky Sets Comeback With ‘Sousatzka’











Gordon Cox

Legit Editor
@GCoxVariety 











































































				Share This Article
				











							LinkedIn						








							Email						








							Print						








							Talk						















Marion Curtis/StarPix/REX/Shutterstock


September 28, 2016 | 07:00AM PT





Garth Drabinsky, the Canadian stage producer who’s served jail time for fraud and forgery, has locked in plans for his comeback production. “Sousatzka,” a new musical with a score by Richard Maltby Jr. and David Shire and a book by Craig Lucas, will bow in Toronto next year ahead of a targeted October 2017 arrival on Broadway.
Victoria Clark (“The Light in the Piazza”), Montego Glover (“Memphis”) and Judy Kaye (“Nice Work If You Can Get It,” “The Phantom of the Opera”) will appear in the show, which is backed by Teatro Proscenium Limited Partnership and its CEO, Richard Stursberg. The production begins performances at Toronto’s Elgin Theater (pictured above) in February, with full details of the New York transfer still to be set.







If and when it lands on Broadway, the show, billed as “a Garth Drabinsky production,” would mark quite a return for Drabinsky (“Ragtime,” “Fosse”), the former Livent chief whose parole in Canada recently ended and is still under indictment in the U.S. He was convicted in 2009 for fraud and forgery related to misstatements about the finances of Livent, which had been a major player in the North American theater market.
Based on Bernice Rubens’ 1962 novel “Madame Sousatzka,” which inspired the 1988 Shirley MacLaine movie, “Sousatzka” centers on a young music prodigy, his mother and his eccentric piano teacher. Adrian Noble directs, with choreography by Graciela Daniele.
“Sousatzka” starts previews Feb. 25 at the Elgin Theater.
 





Filed Under:

Craig LucasGarth DrabinskyLiventToronto 

Want to read more articles like this one?
									SUBSCRIBE TO VARIETY TODAY.
								

Post A Comment


			1		





 




























Biz									

Anthony Scaramucci Pulls Out of Politicon After Vulgar Rant














Music									

Bennington’s Widow Releases Heartbreaking Statement














TV									

‘Black Mirror’ Creators Tease Season 4, Episode Sequels














Film									

12 Most Badass Action Heroines






















Oscars: Venice, Telluride, Toronto Lineups Provide Awards Season Snapshot					







‘Detroit’: Annapurna’s Pulse-Pounding Debut Release Aims for Oscar Gold					







Christopher Nolan’s ‘Dunkirk’ Is the First Slam-Dunk Oscar Contender of 2017					







‘The Handmaid’s Tale’ Scores Hulu Its First Big Emmy Nominations					








Variety Jobs




Creative Development Coordinator

Triptyk Studios, New York, New York



Account/Project Coordinator (Ad Agency)

Petrol Advertising, Burbank, California



Media Specialist

Bridgewater Associates, Westport, Connecticut



Executive Director, Aspen Film

Company Confidential, Aspen, Colorado



Associate Director, YouTuber & Gamer Partnerships

Save the Children, Fairfield, Connecticut



See More Jobs



 
Marketplace












Leave a Reply 1 Comment 
 Cancel reply 
				Comments are moderated. They may be edited for clarity and reprinting in whole or in part in Variety publications.


Enter your comment here...




Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in:



























 
 


Email (required) (Address never made public)



Name (required)



Website














 You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change )












 You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change )












 You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change )












 You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change )




Cancel
Connecting to %s




 Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email.
 



 

 




 David says: 

			October 5, 2016 at 11:36 am 
No plans to see a show produced by a crook like Drabinsky. I know at least a dozen people who were stiffed by Drabinsky during his failed BlackCreek Music Festival in 2011.
Reply
















More  Legit News from Variety 























ad




























































































































































































Full Review: SOUSATZKA Theatre Reviews for the Serious Theatre-Goer The Slotkin Letter























 






Home
About
Radio Stuff
Slotkin Letter

Previews
Testimonials
Subscribe


Contact
Links
Archive





Full Review: SOUSATZKA
by Lynn on March 24, 2017
in The Passionate Playgoer


At the Elgin Theatre, Toronto, Ont.
Book by Craig Lucas
Based on the original novel “Madame Sousatzka” by Bernice Rubens
Music by David Shire
Lyrics by David Maltby, Jr.
Additional Vocal Arrangements and Music by Lebo M
Directed by Adrian Noble
Choreography by Graciela Daniele
Set by Anthony Ward
Costumes by Paul Tazewell
Lighting by Howell Binkley
Sound by Martin Levan
Projection design by Jon Driscoll
Cast: Ryan Allen
Jordan Barrow
Victoria Clark
Rebecca Eichenberger
Sara Jean Ford
Fuschia!
John Hillner
Judy Kaye
Virginia Preston
Christianne Tisdale
Nicky Wyman
The production is overproduced; over-written with too many storylines, many of which should be cut and too many extraneous songs that should also be cut. However the singing of Victoria Clark as Sousatzka, Judy Kaye as the Countess and Montego Glover as the mother, is glorious. 
The Story. Sousatzka is based on the 1962 novel Madame Sousatzka by Bernice Rubens and not on the 1988 film starring Shirley MacLaine.  The novel is set in London. It’s about Madame Sousatzka, an eccentric Polish piano teacher and her gifted student Marcus, the son of a single mother from Eastern Europe. 
But in the musical, Sousatzka, this simple story has been fiddled with to such an extent that it’s just chocking with storylines, many of which are not developed or are eye-poppingly incredible.  Playwright Craig Lucas has made several changes and additions for the musical Sousatzka (I guess copyright rules prevented the producers from using the clearer title of Madame Sousatzka. Sousatzka doesn’t really tell ticket buyers much about the show). 
The setting is still London but it begins in South Africa in 1976 during the uprisings against apartheid. A man named Jabulani Khenketha leads a group of black South Africans seeking justice but are shot at by the police. Several people are killed and Jabulani is sent to prison for treason. His wife Xholiswa Khenketha and their young son, Themba leave South Africa and make a dangerous journey to London (1983) and a better life. Themba is now the gifted student of Madame Sousatzka. 
Over the course of the show we see Madame Sousatzka’s back story—family wiped out by the Nazis in Warsaw, Poland (1938) and there are other horrors she experiences as well. There are the back stories of the rest of the people who live in the boarding house with Madame Sousatzka; Themba is torn between his cultural attachment to South Africa and the transplanted South Africans in London and his awakening to another kind of life involving Madame Sousatzka and her odd friends. Themba becomes attached to Sarah, a white, blonde-haired, blue-eyed ballerina in his school which does not go down too well with his mother. Themba is also conflicted with who he is as a person and the music he wants to follow. And of course as Themba becomes accomplished Madame Sousatzka worries that he will leave her on his way to success. Lots too digest. 
The Production. In the musical world you set the tone, mood and idea of a musical in the first five minutes of the show. In the first five minutes of Sousatzka we are in Soweto, South Africa, 1976 (this is projected on the back wall of the stage) at a rally against apartheid led by Jabulani, Themba’s father. Several traditional South African songs are sung by a throng in full voice including the South African national anthem and an anti-apartheid song. (I wish there was a projected translation of the songs so we could get the full benefit of their meaning.) Police shoot; people are dead and there is a court case with three very angry prosecutors screaming their verdict as Jabulani is put in prison. There is the escape of Themba and his mother to London where most of the musical takes place, except for those scenes that go off to other places. 
This musical does not know what it wants to be it’s so confused. It doesn’t know if it wants to be a rousing South Africa story—though that gets the audience ‘up’ and excited–or an otherwise ‘quiet’ ordinary story in London with some lovely ballads. . 
I found Anthony Ward’s set oddly designed and often oppressive. Too often there is a backdrop that goes up a bit higher than the actors on stage  that establishes where we are—Sousatzka’s flat, Xholiswa’s London flat, etc., but above that is darkness. It’s as if the actors are playing the scene in a cave. 
The South Africa scenes have the benefit of an impressive rising sun etc. thanks to the projections by Jon Driscoll, but for the most part there is a sense of gloom because of the odd design by Antony Ward. Strange because he’s a fine designer. 
While Craig Lucas’s book is choking with too many story-lines he has captured the deep devotion that Sousatzka has to music. Lucas has also captured her quirkiness in telling Themba how to feel the music and let it play. In Themba we get a sense of the depth of his character. 
For all the problems with this show, there are some bright spots. Victoria Clark as Madame Sousatzka is a gift of an actress. She captures the eccentric oddness of Sousatzka, her confidence, her fire and in her quiet moments, her uncertainty. And she sings like a dream. Clark is a true, clear, rich soprano who knows how to interpret the heart and soul of a song. She sings the beautiful song “Music Is In You” to convey that love of music to Themba.  
Clark is ably matched by Judy Kaye as the Countess, a woman with a heart of gold and a keeper of many secrets. Kaye also sings beautifully. One of the best moments is their duet on “Let Go” a beautiful song about coming to terms with knowing when to let a person in your life go on to other things. Both are glorious singers and lovely actors. 
Jordan Barrow as Themba has passion and charm. You get the sense of his growing confidence and confliction of where he should be in the world. He has poise and ability to handle this tricky part.  Montego Glover as his mother Xholiswa also sings beautifully and is a fine actress. She conveys the pride and stubbornness in wanting the best for her son. And she does a rousing rendition of “Song of the Child” that is thrilling, until you realise that the song is oddly placed as if it was dropped in the story like an errant piece of lint. It’s an important song and should be better placed. 
But too often one wondered what was up with all those songs? The music is by David Shire. The lyrics by Richard Maltby Jr. Additional music is by Lebo M who has written the rousing South Africa portion. (All have done better work elsewhere.) There are 16 songs in the first act and 17 in the second with about 16 songs taking place in South Africa.  Many of them should be cut because they are sung by people we don’t know or in situations that can’t support them.  It’s as if the creators are determined to beat us into submission with too many story lines and too many songs. 
Adrian Noble’s direction is pedestrian at best. He shows us the individual people in Sousatzka’s  house involved in their activities: a man manipulates a client (he’s an osteopath), a young woman manipulates a client, (she’s a prostitute). What’s missing is who they actually are for context. Songs are often sung full out to the audience, or speeches addressed to them but not the people the speech is meant for. So old fashioned. 
Graciela Daniele’s choreography for the South African scenes is lively and acrobatic. When there are scenes in Xholiswa’s flat that is cause for more rousing singing—there are usually at least 20 people there—Daniele has them gyrating to a seductive beat. 
So many people associated with this jumble of a show have done good work elsewhere. You want to ask, “What happened here? Are you too close to see you need a scissors to cut out swaths of this clutter?” 
Themba might have a “Brand New Family” but that song comes from no where about people we know nothing about. Cut it. 
Themba has enough on his plate to contend with besides also having to deal with a blonde, blue-eyed girlfriend ballet dancer since nothing of that relationship is developed. It’s just plopped in and it’s cheesy. Cut it. Cut the ridiculous number “All I Wanna Do (Is Go Dancin”) because it veers away from the central plot. 
When Themba goes to a soiree at the home of the man who will arrange a concert for him, that is not cause for a production number  of “Manders Salon” of the snotty, bigoted people invited there. The song is clever for no reason and the message of it has been handled better elsewhere in the show. Cut it. 
While Judy Kaye sings “Ring One Bell” beautifully about a Christmas in Warsaw, the song comes from no where and is supported by nothing and veers away from the plot. Sorry, cut it. 
And while the incredulous ending might make one think this is a happy ending it’s just another eye-rolling moment in a show full of them.
Comment.  Craig Lucas’s book of Sousatzka seems like a checklist of the ills of the 20th century—apartheid, the Holocaust, rape, racism, bigotry and interracial relations to name a few—and it makes the whole enterprise seem disingenuous. It’s as if the creators were taking a basically simple story and puffing it up to look important and substantial. And it’s neither. 
Sousatzka marks the return of Garth Drabinsky to theatre producing after an absence of 15 years, some of which was spent in jail because of fraud. His intention is to send this to Broadway in the fall.  If Garth Drabinsky thinks this new production is Broadway material he’s 20 years out of date. This production has been kicking around on Drabinsky’s bucket list for years and in that time it doesn’t seem that he’s noticed that Broadway has changed.  These over-blown, bloated productions have passed their ‘best-by-date.” Song after song is bellowed out giving a false sense of ‘tingle’ and a distinct sense of being manipulated. 
There are 11 roles in Sousatzka with a stuffed cast of 48 (and many of them should be cut.) In true Drabinsky fashion all the creative people on this show are either American or British. All the speaking roles are American. Of the cast of 48 only 16 are Canadian and they are relegated to the chorus. I have seen many of those Canadians in the chorus in lead roles in shows across the country, but you won’t find that in a Garth Drabinsky show. The message is clear: Canadians aren’t good enough for a creative or speaking role in a Drabinsky show. 
Sousatzka was work shopped in Toronto (where the dollar is weak) and has its only run here before it hopes to go to Broadway in the fall. I would like to think this is one case that Drabinsky will not tell us (Canadians, Torontonians) how lucky we are that this show started here.  
Feh
Teatro Proscenium Limited Parnership and Sousatzka Broadway Limited Partnership present a Garth Drabinsky Production:
Opened: March 23, 2017
Closes: April 9, 2017.
Cast: 48;  4; men, 8 women and a lot of chorus.
Running Time:  2 hours and 30 minutes.
www.sousatzkamusical.com





Cancel reply Leave a Comment


Name *
E-mail *
Website








 







Search







Newsletter
Email Address:




Subscribe
    

Unsubscribe
    



 




Copyright &copy 2011 The Slotkin Letter. All rights reserved.
WordPress Admin








 

























 



 Toronto World Premiere of ’SOUSATZKA’, a New Garth Drabinsky Production, Announced 
         










    










 













 











 



















Toronto World Premiere of "SOUSATZKA", a New Garth Drabinsky Production, Announced
        																																												
              











 News provided by
Garth Drabinsky  
Sep 28, 2016, 10:00 ET









 Share this article



























































TORONTO, Sept. 28, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- 
BASED ON THE ORIGINAL NOVEL "MADAME SOUSATZKA" BY BERNICE RUBENS


















                  Victoria Clark
                











                  Judy Kaye
                











                  Jordan Barrow
                











                  Montego Glover
                








BOOK BY CRAIG LUCAS
SCORE BY RICHARD MALTBY, JR. & DAVID SHIRE
CHOREOGRAPHY BY GRACIELA DANIELE
DIRECTED BY ADRIAN NOBLE
STARRING VICTORIA CLARK, MONTEGO GLOVER, AND JUDY KAYEAND INTRODUCING JORDAN BARROW
PREVIEWS BEGIN FEBRUARY 25, 2017
TICKETS ON SALE FOR THE ELGIN THEATRE ENGAGEMENTTHURSDAY, OCTOBER 17, 2016
PLANNING FOR OCTOBER 2017 BROADWAY PREMIERE FOR MORE INFORMATION, VISIT SOUSATZKAMUSICAL.COM
Teatro Proscenium Limited Partnership (Richard Stursberg, CEO) today announced the world premiere of the Garth Drabinsky production of Sousatzka, the new musical by three-time Tony Award®-nominated book writer Craig Lucas and the legendary composing team of Tony Award® winner Richard Maltby, Jr. (Lyrics) and Academy Award® winner David Shire (Music). Choreographed by ten-time Tony Award® nominee Graciela Daniele and directed by Adrian Noble, Sousatzka will begin performances on February 25, 2017 at Toronto's historic Elgin Theatre (189 Yonge Street), and officially open on Thursday, March 23. Tickets will go on sale, via Ticketmaster, on October 17. Sousatzka's pre-Broadway strictly limited engagement is scheduled to run through April 9, 2017.
Sousatzka stars Tony Award® winner Victoria Clark, Tony Award® nominee Montego Glover, Tony Award® winner Judy Kaye, and features the Broadway debut of Jordan Barrow."To be able to present this remarkable creative team, and cast, and the musical work of one of the best creative producers of our age, is a gift," Mr. Stursberg said in a statement.  "My association with Garth has proven itself to be one of the most satisfying and enduring creative relationships I've ever had, and I look forward to ensuring that he has every resource available to get this inspired show to Broadway, and beyond."
Based on the original novel Madame Sousatzka by Bernice Rubens, Sousatzka, set in London, England in 1982, tells the story of a young musical prodigy torn between two powerful women from vastly different worlds: his mother, a political refugee and his piano teacher, a brilliant eccentric with a shattered past. These two proud, iconoclastic women must ultimately cross cultural and racial divides to find common ground, or else put the boy's destiny in jeopardy.  
Sousatzka's creative and design dream team includes Tony Award® winner Anthony Ward (Scenic Design), Tony Award® winner Paul Tazwell (Costume Design), two-time Tony Award® winner Howell Binkley (Lighting Design), Jonathan Driscoll (Projection Design), Grammy Award® winner Martin Levan (Sound Design), Tony Award® winner Jonathan Tunick (Orchestrations), David Caddick (Music Supervision), Brad Haak (Music Director), Lebo M. (Additional Music and Vocal Arrangements), and Marius de Vries (Additional Music Arrangements).
www.SousatzkaMusical.com
www.omdkc.com
www.twitter.com/omdkc
 
 
 
 
Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160928/412766 Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160928/412764 Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160928/412762 Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160928/412761 
 
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/toronto-world-premiere-of-sousatzka-a-new-garth-drabinsky-production-announced-300335662.html
SOURCE  Garth Drabinsky 



 

















Jan 27, 1999, 00:00 ET
Preview: Media Statement By Lee S. Richards On Behalf Of Myron Gottlieb






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





 You just read:
Toronto World Premiere of "SOUSATZKA", a New Garth Drabinsky Production, Announced


 News provided by
Garth Drabinsky  
Sep 28, 2016, 10:00 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In



















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 




  Toronto World Premiere of "SOUSATZKA", a New Garth Drabinsky Production, Announced









































FR























×
Member Sign In


Online Member Centre

Cision Communications Cloud

Cision PR Edition

CisionPoint

MediaSource Monitoring/Evaluation

Visible Intelligence

FastFinder

My CNW

CNW Access

Register for my CNW



Close










×
Search




Search



 Go !








 Advanced Search 


 Close 

































        Toronto World Premiere of "SOUSATZKA", a New Garth Drabinsky Production, Announced
                                                          












 News provided byGarth Drabinsky

Sep 28, 2016, 10:00 ET








 Share this article






























































TORONTO, Sept. 28, 2016 /CNW/ -- 



BASED ON THE ORIGINAL NOVEL "MADAME SOUSATZKA" BY BERNICE RUBENS



BOOK BY CRAIG LUCAS



SCORE BY RICHARD MALTBY, JR. & DAVID SHIRE



CHOREOGRAPHY BY GRACIELA DANIELE



DIRECTED BY ADRIAN NOBLE



STARRING VICTORIA CLARK, MONTEGO GLOVER, AND JUDY KAYEAND INTRODUCING JORDAN BARROW



PREVIEWS BEGIN FEBRUARY 25, 2017



TICKETS ON SALE FOR THE ELGIN THEATRE ENGAGEMENTTHURSDAY, OCTOBER 17, 2016



PLANNING FOR OCTOBER 2017 BROADWAY PREMIERE FOR MORE INFORMATION, VISIT SOUSATZKAMUSICAL.COM



Teatro Proscenium Limited Partnership (Richard Stursberg, CEO) today announced the world premiere of the Garth Drabinsky production of Sousatzka, the new musical by three-time Tony Award®-nominated book writer Craig Lucas and the legendary composing team of Tony Award® winner Richard Maltby, Jr. (Lyrics) and Academy Award® winner David Shire (Music). Choreographed by ten-time Tony Award® nominee Graciela Daniele and directed by Adrian Noble, Sousatzka will begin performances on February 25, 2017 at Toronto's historic Elgin Theatre (189 Yonge Street), and officially open on Thursday, March 23. Tickets will go on sale, via Ticketmaster, on October 17. Sousatzka's pre-Broadway strictly limited engagement is scheduled to run through April 9, 2017.



Sousatzka stars Tony Award® winner Victoria Clark, Tony Award® nominee Montego Glover, Tony Award® winner Judy Kaye, and features the Broadway debut of Jordan Barrow."To be able to present this remarkable creative team, and cast, and the musical work of one of the best creative producers of our age, is a gift," Mr. Stursberg said in a statement.  "My association with Garth has proven itself to be one of the most satisfying and enduring creative relationships I've ever had, and I look forward to ensuring that he has every resource available to get this inspired show to Broadway, and beyond."



Based on the original novel Madame Sousatzka by Bernice Rubens, Sousatzka, set in London, England in 1982, tells the story of a young musical prodigy torn between two powerful women from vastly different worlds: his mother, a political refugee and his piano teacher, a brilliant eccentric with a shattered past. These two proud, iconoclastic women must ultimately cross cultural and racial divides to find common ground, or else put the boy's destiny in jeopardy.  



Sousatzka's creative and design dream team includes Tony Award® winner Anthony Ward (Scenic Design), Tony Award® winner Paul Tazwell (Costume Design), two-time Tony Award® winner Howell Binkley (Lighting Design), Jonathan Driscoll (Projection Design), Grammy Award® winner Martin Levan (Sound Design), Tony Award® winner Jonathan Tunick (Orchestrations), David Caddick (Music Supervision), Brad Haak (Music Director), Lebo M. (Additional Music and Vocal Arrangements), and Marius de Vries (Additional Music Arrangements).



www.SousatzkaMusical.com



www.omdkc.com



www.twitter.com/omdkc



 



 



 



 



Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160928/412766 Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160928/412764 Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160928/412762 Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160928/412761 



 






 SOURCE  Garth Drabinsky
 For further information:  Rick Miramontez / Andy Snyder / Matthew Troillett, rick@omdkc.com / andy@omdkc.com / matthew@omdkc.com, 212 695 7400



 Organization Profile 

















Garth Drabinsky













 You just read:

Toronto World Premiere of "SOUSATZKA", a New Garth Drabinsky Production, Announced


 News provided byGarth Drabinsky

Sep 28, 2016, 10:00 ET




 Share this article

























































 










  Release contains wide tables.
	 View fullscreen.



 See more news releases in in    Art
  Entertainment
  Film and Motion Picture
  Music
  Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions
















































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














BBB Business Profile | LegalZoom.com






























Home
 > 
Accredited Business Directory
 > 
Legal Forms
 > 
LegalZoom.com














BBB Accredited Business Profile



                            Is this your business? 
                                Claim it now.








LegalZoom.com



Request a Quote

































LegalZoom.com






            Business Information
        






(323) 962-8600

LegalZoom.com
18 years in business

        101 N Brand Blvd 11th Fl
        Glendale, CA 91203-2639
    




                 WEBSITE
            





                    Additional Phone Numbers
                


                            (800) 773-0888
                        

                            (888) 791-0227
                        





See Less Contact Options
See More Contact Options





Find a Location






                Business Started: 07/12/1999


                Business Incorporated: 02/08/2007 in DE





            Type of Entity
             
            Corporation       
    



            Business Management
        


                    Chyna Smith
                






            Business Category
        


                Legal Forms
            




                            Legal Services Plans
                        

                            Divorce Assistance
                        




See More Business Categories
See Less Business Categories









            Alternate Business Names
        


                    LegalZoom.Com, Inc.
                







                    Licensing, Bonding or Registration
                
                This business is in an industry that may require professional licensing, bonding or registration. BBB encourages you to check with the appropriate agency to be certain any requirements are currently being met.

                
            


                    Number of Employees: 
                
                600
            



See Less Business Information
See More Business Information


 








            Business Information
        







                    A+
                


                BBB Rating Scorecard
            







        Request a Quote
    





Share your experience


              Submit a Review
          

            Submit a Complaint
        









BBB Reason for Ratings


        BBB rating is based on 13 factors: Get the details about the factors considered.










BBB Reports On









Licensing









                        Licensing information is provided in the BBB Business Profiles to inform the public about industries that may require professional licensing, bonding, or registration. Better Business Bureau encourages you to check with the appropriate agency to be certain any requirements are currently being met.
                    





Advertising Review









                        BBB promotes truth in advertising by contacting advertisers whose claims conflict with the BBB Code of Advertising.  These claims come to our attention from our internal review of advertising, consumer complaints and competitor challenges.  BBB asks advertisers to substantiate their claims, change ads to make offers more clear to consumers, and remove misleading or deceptive statements.
                    





Government Actions









                        BBB reports on known significant government actions involving the business's marketplace conduct.
                    





Out of Business









                        BBB reports on a company that is out of business for three years from the date the company closes its doors or ceases to do business.
                    





Misuse of Better Business Bureau Name/Logo









                        BBB reports on unauthorized use of the Better Business Bureau's name and/or logo for as long as the business continues to use it in any advertising, or for one year after the business ceases any repeated unauthorized uses.
                    





Bankruptcy









                        BBB reports on a business’s bankruptcy as long as the business remains in bankruptcy.
                    





Mail Returned









                        BBB reports when mail sent to the business was returned by the Postal Service.
                    
























LegalZoom.com






            BBB Rating Scorecard
        












 




                LegalZoom.com
            
BBB ACCREDITATION SINCE 11/01/2001










A+




BBB Rating System Overview














Customer Review Rating:









                        The BBB Customer Review Rating represents the customer's opinion of the business.
                        The Customer Review Rating percentages are based on the total number of positive,
                        neutral, and negative reviews posted.
                    





94%




[2] Positive Reviews



[0] Neutral Reviews



[31] Negative Reviews



[33] Total Customer Reviews
                        





[263] Total Customer Complaints
                        










Composite Score:





                        LegalZoom.com has received 3.76 out of 5 stars based on 33 Customer Reviews and a BBB Rating of A+.
                        






                            Comprised of 67% BBB Rating and 33% Customer Review Rating.
                        

                            The BBB Customer Review Rating represents the customer's opinion of the business. The Customer Review
                            Rating percentages are based on the total number of positive, neutral, and negative reviews posted.
                        

                            The BBB letter grade represents the BBB's opinion of how the business is likely to interact with its customers.
                            The BBB grade is based on BBB file information about the business.
                            In some cases, a business' grade may be lowered if the BBB does not have sufficient
                            information about the business despite BBB's requests for that information from the business.
                        

                            The BBB Customer Review Rating plus the BBB Rating is not a guarantee of a business'
                            reliability or performance. BBB recommends that consumers consider a business'
                            BBB Rating and Customer Review Rating in addition to all other available information
                            about the business.
                        









        Request a Quote
    






Share your experience


              Submit a Review
          

            Submit a Complaint
        











Share




Print






































































×
Claim Your Business


                By claiming your Business Profile, businesses can add custom text or descriptive information about their services, insert company logos, and add photographs for consumers to view.
            

Close










×
AccreditedQuestionModal title


                content
            

Close










×
Customer Rating Modal title


                content
            

Close










×
Score Modal title


                content
            

Close











×
Find a Location







Filter







Close




 





















 








