










 













 













 







Southern Tier Region Rural Broadband Company, Inc. - Telecommunications- Ramos  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









Southern Tier Region Rural Broadband Company, Inc.

      Industry: Telecommunications
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    1050 Connecticut Ave., Nw 10 Th Floor 
    Washington, DC, 20036Phone: 2023217969 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2013-09-30


New


Yet to Sell


$0


Equity Only


06c


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Anthony Eladio Ramos 
 Executive 












Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















Southern Tier Region Rural Broadband Company, Inc. Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      Southern Tier Region Rural Broadband Company, Inc.
                    

•   WASHINGTON, DC
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Southern Tier Region Rural Broadband Company is based out of Washington.    The firm last filed a Form D notice of exempt offering of securities on 2013-09-30.  The notice  included securities offered of Equity
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)
Form D 1



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from Southern Tier Region Rural Broadband Company, Inc., enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




southern tier region rural broadband company, inc.


1050 CONNECTICUT AVE., NW

WASHINGTON
DC
                                                        
                                                    20036


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      2023217969
SEC SIC CODE:4812-RADIOTELEPHONE COMMUNICATIONS







Recent SEC Filings




1-A/A filed on 05/10/2017
1-A/A filed on 04/12/2017
1-A/A filed on 12/15/2016
1-A/A filed on 12/06/2016
1-A/A filed on 11/29/2016
1-A/A filed on 10/26/2016
1-A/A filed on 08/12/2015
1-A/A filed on 08/06/2015
1-A/A filed on 06/29/2015
1-A filed on 06/23/2015
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...



Form D Filings

  Form D is a form to be used to file a notice of an exempt offering of securities with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
  Form D contains basic information about the offering and the company.


Form D Filings


Filing Date
Form Type
Industry Group
Securities Offered
Total Offering Amount
Total Amount Sold
Total Remaining




2013-09-30
D
TELECOMMUNICATIONS

      Equity
    
45,000,000
0
45,000,000




Other Issuers in Filings


Name
Address





  No Other Issuers
  




Related Parties included in filings


Name
Address
Relationship




ANTHONY ELADIO  RAMOS

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      











Elevate your investments
Try it for free




















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
























Southern Tier Region Rural Broadband Company, Inc. in Washington, DC - (202) 321-7969





























 

Enter company name












Home


Favorites


Lists


Employers by Major


Employ Veterans


Locations


Blog


Sign In





















                            The Most Advanced Company Information Database
                        





















 








Enter company name



Op. city,state,zip,county














 






Companies

 




Lists






 








Enter company name



Op. city,state,zip,county














 






Companies

 




Industries

 
 




Lists















Home

 




My Favorites
My Favorites





Lists





List Builder





Employers by Major





Employ Veterans





Locations





Industries





Blogs







X
You must be a subscriber!


This feature is available to paying subscribers only. 

Click here to learn about our subscription plans.
            



















Southern Tier Region Rural Broadband Company, Inc.

























Action 


Add to List
Add to Favorites
Share
































        Contact Information
    




Southern Tier Region Rural Broadband Company, Inc.



1050 Connecticut Ave NW
Washington, DC 20036






Contact:
Anthony Ramos


Title:
President


Phone:


                        202-321-7969
                    



Website:







There are 

147
                Companies located at 1050 Connecticut Ave NW, Washington, DC 20036
            












 














            Map
        





View larger map









            Business Description
        



Southern Tier Region Rural Broadband Company is located in Washington, District of Columbia. This organization primarily operates in the Financial Services business / industry within the Business Services sector. This organization has been operating for approximately 3 years. Southern Tier Region Rural Broadband Company is estimated to generate $120,000 in annual revenues, and employs approximately 2 people at this single location.









Sector:

Business Services



Category:

Business Services, nec



Industry:

Financial Services




SIC Code:

7389











Name:
Southern Tier Region Rural Broadband Company, Inc.


Year Founded:


2014






Location Type:
Single


Revenue:

$ 120,000



Employees:

2



Facility Size:

N/A



* Revenue & Employees are estimates









Demographics for Zipcode 20036






Percentage Population



4,341
White
414
Hispanic
474
Black
652
Asian
44
Native American
7
Hawaiian
107
Other


79.9 %
White
7.6 %
Hispanic
8.7 %
Black
12.0 %
Asian
0.8 %
Native American
0.1 %
Hawaiian
2.0 %
Other













Population




Population 
5,435




Female50.0%2,719


Male50.0%2,716




Median Age

32.3




Female30.4


Male35.2






























Questions & Answers









How many people work at Southern Tier Region Rural Broadband Company?





Southern Tier Region Rural Broadband Company has approximately 2 employees at this location.







Is there a key contact at Southern Tier Region Rural Broadband Company?





Anthony Ramos is the President at Southern Tier Region Rural Broadband Company. You can contact Anthony at (202) 321-7969.







What are the annual sales for Southern Tier Region Rural Broadband Company?





Southern Tier Region Rural Broadband Company generates approximately $120,000 in annual sales.









How big is Southern Tier Region Rural Broadband Company?





Southern Tier Region Rural Broadband Company is estimated to generate $120,000 in annual revenues, and employs approximately 2 people at this location.







How long has Southern Tier Region Rural Broadband Company been in business?





Southern Tier Region Rural Broadband Company has been in business for approximately 3 years.







Where is Southern Tier Region Rural Broadband Company located?





Southern Tier Region Rural Broadband Company is located at 1050 Connecticut Ave NW, Washington, DC 20036.







What is the phone number for Southern Tier Region Rural Broadband Company?





The phone number for Southern Tier Region Rural Broadband Company is (202) 321-7969







Are there other companies located at 1050 Connecticut Ave NW, Washington, DC?





There are 147 commercial tenants at 1050 Connecticut Ave NW, Washington, DC.










 

































Generate 
More Revenue 
with 
Buzzfile 











Uncover and contact more high-value prospects in less time than with any other resource





Information on 18 million companies, 50 million contacts, 6 million buildings & 18,000 industries





Complete list of businesses in any building





Advanced search, filtering and list-building





































Nearby Resources









                        Restaurant
                    




                        Coffee
                    




                        Parking
                    






                        Hotel
                    




                        Taxi
                    




                        Pharmacy
                    






                        Bank
                    




                        Gas
                    




                        Grocery
                    


















Statistics for Zipcode 20036






Average House Value


                                $ 414,500
                            



Average Household Income


                                $ 78,442
                            



Number of Households

3,876



Persons per Household

1.32













Number of Businesses

4,487



Number of Employees

55,980



Land Area (square miles)

0.333



Water Area (square miles)

0.000



















×
Save as List






List Name





Classification

General Interest
Personal
Prospect
Trade / Industry




List Type

Companies
Places
Contacts




Description





Upload Image




X



Who can access this list?



Public - Everyone can view and edit (appears in search results)





Pre-approve members with following email domain(s):

Domains





Add







Remove





Can members edit this list?



                                    Yes
                                




                                    No
                                




                                        I will decide for each user / group
                                    



Username





Add








Remove












                                                Location
                                            







                                                    This list covers companies throughout the entire U.S.
                                                




                                                    This list covers a specific geographic area (you can select more than one state, city…)
                                                


City






County






State






Zipcode





Area Code





Add





Type
Criteria







Remove











                                                Sector, Category & Industry
                                            





                                                Control the types of companies that can be added to this list.
                                            

Sector

 



Category

 



Industry

 



SIC Code

 



Add





Type
Criteria







Remove



























Add to List






Add to Existing List












Create a new list



Cancel
Save
















×
Sign In




Not a member? Register Now 




Username





Password











                                        Remember me
                                    


Forgot Password?

















×
Subscriber Not Found




Not a subscriber? Contact Buzzfile Now.



                        We could not locate a subscriber with that email or username.
                        Try signing in with a different username or email, or Telecom support at [email protected] or 212-913-9151.
                    




Username





Password





















Remove Company Confirmation



I confirm that I, , with email address  am an owner, employee or representative, with authorization to approve the removal of the profile for:




I authorize Buzzfile to release my contact and other pertinent information to the necessary parties should this removal be contested.
I am requesting to remove this company profile.


Dear , 
Your request to remove the company profile has been denied for:




You are only permitted to claim ownership and remove one company profile. You have previously claimed ownership and removed the profile for:




You can contact us at [email protected] with any questions.



Cancel


















About Us


Partnerships


Terms of Use


Privacy Policy


Remove Company


Contact Us







 
 






















 
 




        Copyright © 2017 Buzzfile Media LLC. All Rights Reserved.
    

            45 Broadway, Ste 1420, New York, NY 10006
        












×
Error








Close










Alert






Close
























































Broadband - Technology infrastructure investor kits | Walton, NY, US Startup 






















Start up confidently with Gust Launch: all the legal, accounting, and financial tools you need to start and run your company.






















Overview




Executive Summary




Financials




Documents


























Broadband - Technology infrastructure investor kits

First-to-market white space technology infrastructure interconnector kits for rural America







Stage

Full Product Ready



Industry

Networking and Equipment



Location

Walton, NY, US



Currency

USD



Founded

September 2013



Employees

1



Website

urbroadband.com

















Company Summary





Title II JOBS Act investor kits. First-to-market broadband for rural areas. Kits in single or multiple units. Very low capital expenses = early cash-generator. FCC-certified white space technology.
Accredited investors only. Shares @ $100/ share, common/voting/single class JOBS ACT/Rule 506. Kit price: $750,000.00/ minimum purchase: 10,700 shares = $107,000.00. Three day right of withdrawal. Issuer: Tony Ramos, President, STRRBC - 202-321-7969.











Team













Rex R. Helwig

Treasurer, Southern Tier Region Rural Broadband Company, Inc.

















Harriet (Hattie)  Grifo

Secretary, Southern Tier Region Rural Broadband Company, Inc.

















Richard  Rodman, CEO & Co-Founder

Project Accreditation Expert




CEO & Co-Founder, Crowdentials, Inc.












Tony Ramos

President, Southern Tier Region Rural Broadband Company, Inc.

















David Karre

M.B.A., M.L.S., Vice President, Southern Tier Region Rural Broadband Company, Inc.

















Eric W. Will

Board Member

















Marc J. Hagemeier, M.A.,

Board Member

















Mark Bayliss

Board Member




















Previous Investors













Marc J. Hagemeier


Unconfirmed










Eric Will


Unconfirmed
































Loading





		   Rural Broadband Company - Rural Broadband Company	







































 
















 







  

















































































Click here to view the full SEC JOBS Act – Regulation A – Tier 1 qualification file on EDGAR of Finger Lakes Region Rural Broadband Company.
Click here to view the full SEC JOBS Act – Regulation A – Tier 1 qualification file on EDGAR of Western Gateway Region Rural Broadband Company.
Rural Broadband Company
Rural Broadband Companies are a family of companies which organize, develop, seek funding for, install and operate interconnector systems of in-home Wi-Fi, streaming video, data, and smartphone sync with computer telephony, and cloud storage. 



 
























		   Rural Broadband Company - Rural Broadband Company - Rural Broadband Company	






































 
















 







  

















































































Rural Broadband Company
About
Rural Broadband Company, Inc., is an independent company that provides professional services relative to funding for the expansion of high quality voice/data/graphics/video communications carrier-neutral infrastructure in rural America.
Our services include project origination, organization, development, funding and fulfillment, and include seeking funding from JOBS Act securities offerings recently approved by the Securities and Exchange Commission, as well as from grants, rural loan programs, State-level Executive and Legislative funding programs, and other sources, where available.
As a part of our company mission, we seek to add infrastructure, signal and components to rural community anchor institutions that serve vulnerable populations, including tribal lands. As a part of our library program, we seek to lend out tablets, like lending out a book, through our Lend-A-Gadget program.
 



 
























		   FLRRBC Form D acceptance - Rural Broadband Company - Rural Broadband Company	







































 
















 







  

















































































FLRRBC Form D acceptance





 
























		   Officers - Rural Broadband Company - Rural Broadband Company	








































 
















 







  

















































































 Officers
Tony Ramos, President, Issuer & Chairman of the Board

Mr. Ramos’ LinkedIn bio may be viewed at: http://www.linkedin.com/in/tonyramosdc.
 
 
 
 
David J. Karre, M.B.A., M.L.S, Vice President & Vice Chair of the Board
Mr. Karre’s LinkedIn bio may be viewed at: https://www.linkedin.com/pub/david-karre/28/955/99b
 
 
 
, Treasurer and Board Member
‘s LinkedIn bio can be viewed at:
 
 
 
 



 
























		   EB-5 funding products are JOBS Act opportunities - Rural Broadband Company - Rural Broadband Company	











































 
















 







  
















































































EB-5 funding products are JOBS Act opportunities


Posted in EB-5 by Tony Ramos  February 18, 2015 · 



Facebook0Twitter0LinkedIn0Google+0Rural Broadband Company/ EB-5 news blog: all of our EB-5 funding opportunities are made a part of our JOBS Act offerings. All are registered with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission with a filing for Regulation Form D. Such offerings add an important layer of transparency on all projects.
All offerings may be viewed at www.urbroadband.com. All offerings are for JOBS Act securities projects for carrier-neutral white space technology infrastructure-only projects for rural America. All existing companies for offerings have a Form Regulation D, JOBS Act, registration made with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission, and all such offerings are made pursuant to Rule 506 JOBS Act regulations. Accredited investors only. Accreditation accomplished by Crowdentials, Inc. All offerings are made by the Issuer, Tony Ramos, and there are no brokers, dealers, agents or selling agents of any kind on the projects. All investments are made for the purposes of investment only, and there are no sales commissions related to the sale of these offerings made or charged by or to anyone. Offers are made solely for the purposes of providing investor opportunities and the Issuer, or any of the offering companies do not provide any type of advice, accounting, investing, legal, strategic or otherwise. A copy of our offering circular and Private Placement Memorandum is available to accredited investors, or to their representatives, upon request. For further information, please contact us.
				
								





Follow UsRecent Posts

Reg. A+ update


Reg. A+ update


Reg. A+ update / shares price update


Reg. A+ update


Reg. A+ update


EB-5 Posts

Reg. A+ update


Reg. A+ update


Reg. A+ update / shares price update


Reg. A+ update


Reg. A+ update




Search for:





 


























		   Mission Statement - Rural Broadband Company - Rural Broadband Company	






































 
















 







  

















































































Mission Statement
Our business mission is to achieve funding for the expansion of high quality and capacity digital voice/digital data/digital graphics/digital video carrier-neutral physical infrastructure to rural America.
Our philanthropic mission is to expand broadband benefits to libraries, job training centers and other rural community anchor institutions that serve vulnerable populations.
Our policy mission is to support efforts by lawmakers, and agencies with rulemaking authority, to provide for such carrier-neutral digital data physical infrastructure efforts.



 































STW Excellent Broadband




















STW

Menu


Home


Sign Up


Contact Us


FAQ


Login










Southern Tier Wireless Inc.

                    Exceptional High Speed Internet
                

Get Started


Facebook  


                    See if your area is covered
                
Coverage




Cutting edge internet serving the under-served areas of Western New York State.




                            Fast Broadband
                        

Don't settle for crawling speeds...We don't.
Our fiber based network competes with the largest fiber providers
Speeds surpassing satellite, cable and dsl
Speeds up to 10mbs
*Speeds range according to location and usage from 1mbs -> 10mbs





                            No Data Caps
                        

No Data Caps
No Bandwidth restrictions
Streaming of Netflix, Hulu, and pandora with out buffering
Lag free gaming
Crystal clear VoIP phone service
No extra costs





                            Reliable
                        

Rest easy, this is not your father's wifi!
Reliability that rivals cable and dsl.
Fiber, Fiber, Fiber
Oh did I mention our network is on Fiber?
All the same reliability and speed as your favorite fiber providers.





                            Flexible Plans
                        


No Cancellation Fees
No Headaches
No Problem!









What sets us apart from the competition?

By GAMERS for GAMERS

                            Just like they say: Necessity is the mother of invention

                            We live in rural NY too, and we care about the community.
                            As fellow gamers we've felt the pain of a slow connection,
                            so we provide great speeds for gamers and every day users.
                            We use the service and we love it. We hope you will too,
                            and now we're sharing it with you!
                        


Customer Support

                            We are confident you will love our product and we want to hear what you think.
                            If you have a question or issue please call us! We're here to help.
                            We want to offer you the best service for an affordable price!
                        


Cancel Your Plan Anytime

                            Cancel service with ease at any time with no cost to you.
                            Moving? We can help take your service with you, seamlessly and painlessly.
                            We accommodate seasonal users too. Perfect for folks here just for the summer.
                        


Get started today

                            Start enjoying the internet the way it was meant to be experienced FAST!
                            In addition to our great speeds and prices, we also offer some additional add-ons.
                            Need even more speed? We provide 3 tiers of additional bursts of speed.
                        



Only the highest quality equipment!

                        Ubiquity is one of many high quality equipment vendors we use to provide internet to your household
                    





How does it work?

                        An antenna is strategically positioned at your residence with a direct connection to one of our many wireless towers. A connection is run from this antenna into your home.
                    








						We have plans to get you the speed you need on any budget
Sign Up








We want you

                            If you are living in an area that has little to nothing offered for high speed internet, please feel free to contact us.
                            This company is looking for new areas to cover and help people get connected.
                            
                            Please call or email to obtain more information.
                        



Contact Us






Your Name





Your Email





Your Message






Email STW




Call Us


Technical Support

								585-209-5515
							

Customer Support

								1-877-814-0313
							
Office hours Monday-Friday 9 am to 5 pm

Email Us


sales@southerntierwireless.com
whawley@southerntierwireless.com


Mailing Address


                                Southern Tier Wireless, Inc.
                                
                                P.O. Box 275
                                
                                Rushford, NY 14777
                            















© 2015 Southern Tier Wireless Inc. All Rights Reserved.











