



MidOcean Partners :: Our Team - Management Affiliates






















  |  Alternative Credit
Private Equity
+ LP LOGIN






























Private Equity Fund

Principles
About Us

Firm Overview
Investment Strategy


Industry Focus

Target Sectors
Business & Media Services
Consumer
Industrial Services


Portfolio Holdings
Current Portfolio
Business & Media Services
Consumer
Industrial Services


Team

Overview
MidOcean Professionals
Executive Board
Management Affiliates
Investor Relations
Compliance


News
Contact










Management Affiliates + Back to List



Gilman AndersonDaryl BrewsterRonald BernardBob Caulk Jules HaimovitzDoug FoxDuke Ligon Blake  LiphamFrank SowinskiDan Stebbins







Gilman Anderson

Prev  Next
Gilman Anderson has more than 30 years of cross-industry experience with a track record of increasing stakeholder value through strategic thinking, strong operational leadership, and extensive information technology knowledge. Today Mr. Anderson is an active angel investor, a member of three boards of directors, and is an executive advisor to both business and private equity firms.Most recently he was the CEO of The Allant Group, a technology company focused on addressable TV advertising and database marketing. During Q4 of 2015 the company was sold in two parts; one to Acxiom and the other to a private investment group.In 2013, Mr. Anderson retired from Accenture as a Senior Partner, where he led there $150MM airline reservations business before moving to run the delivery of $500MM+ outsourcing contract in the hospitality industry. In addition, he performed quality audits on large customer contracts, evaluated M&A opportunities, and spearheaded R&D efforts around Big Data, xaaS, and Cloud Computing. Prior to Accenture he was the CIO for GfK AG's Custom Research Division. GfK is a $2B+ global market research company headquartered in Nuremberg, Germany. His move to GfK was the result of him selling to them Caribou Lake Software, his Web technology company that he started 5 years earlier.During the 90’s, Mr. Anderson held executive positions with Andersen Consulting and Oracle, where he spearheaded building their manufacturing consulting practice. He spent the first 10 years of his career (the 80’s) working in computer integrated manufacturing at Hughes Aircraft's Radar Systems Group and Northrop's B-2 Division, the latter being where he was responsible for building the “factory of the future.”Mr. Anderson has a bachelors degree from the University of Northern Iowa and an MBA from Pepperdine University. He has participated in executive education programs with W. Edwards Deming at George Washington University and Peter F. Drucker at Claremont College, in addition to completing programs at Northwestern and Oxford universities. 
		







Daryl Brewster

Prev  Next
Mr. Brewster is one of the top names in Consumer Goods.  The long-time President of Nabisco and turnaround CEO of Krispy Kreme, he has worked in both CPG and retail, driving record performance throughout his nearly 30-year career.  He has led five billion-dollar global brands, turned around several struggling companies and been credited with the launch of a dozen $100 million businesses. Daryl is currently the CEO of CECP, the Corporate Force for Good, a Paul Newman-founded CEO organization dedicated to the belief that the world's leading companies "can and should be a force for good in society."  He has also served on the Board of Directors E*Trade Financial Services and Krispy Kreme, and now sits on the boards of several fast-growth CPG businesses and service providers to the industry.  He was also appointed to the NJ Governor's committee for Growth and Economic Development.  A Phi Beta Kappa graduate of the University of Virginia, Mr. Brewster holds an MBA from the University of North Carolina-Chapel Hill, where he was recently named a Distinguished Alumnus.
		







Ronald Bernard

Prev  Next
Ron Bernard has over 35 years of experience in the entertainment, sports, and media industries in both senior operating and financial capacities. He is currently a Managing Director at Alvarez & Marsal specializing in the media/sports industries. In addition, since January, 2003, he has been President of LWB Consulting where he has worked with a number of private equity investors in identifying and acquiring media properties.Mr. Bernard was CEO of Sekani, Inc., a digital media licensing and digital asset management company which he and a number of venture capital firms sold to Corbis, Inc. in 2002. Mr. Bernard was President of NFL Enterprises, the media business division of the National Football League from 1993-2000. He was responsible for NFL Sunday Ticket, NFL Films, NFL International, and all new media ventures. Prior to that, he held a number of senior level positions at Viacom Inc., including serving as Corporate Treasurer, Chief Financial Officer of Showtime Networks Entertainment, and President of Viacom Networks Enterprises.Mr. Bernard formerly served on the boards of Premier Exhibitions and Atari, Inc. He is a New York CPA, with an MBA from Columbia University Graduate School of Business.
		







Bob Caulk

Prev  Next
 Mr. Caulk is a seasoned CEO with extensive experience building businesses and integrating acquisitions in a Private Equity environment.  From 1999 through 2005 Bob was Chairman and CEO of United Industries, a $1+ Billion manufacturer and marketer of consumer lawn, garden and pet products.  Its brands included Cutter, Spectracide, Vigoro, Tetra, and others.  During his tenure, the company grew in revenue from $270 Million to over $1 Billion through an aggressive new product development program and a series of successful industry-consolidating acquisitions. United Industries was owned by private-equity sponsor Thomas H. Lee and was sold in 2005 to Rayovac Corporation.  Prior to joining United, Bob was President of Clopay Building Products, the market-leading manufacturer of residential and commercial garage doors.  Immediately before Clopay, Bob was the North American President of Johnson Outdoors, the parent company for a number of market-leading recreational products businesses, including Scubapro, Old Town, Mitchell, Minn-Kota, and others.  Earlier in his career he held finance, marketing, and corporate development positions at S.C.Johnson (consumer products), and DuPont (chemicals). Bob currently serves on the Board of two MidOcean portfolio companies.  He is Executive Chairman of Hunter Fan, Inc., the market leader in branded ceiling fans, and on the board of Waterpik, Inc., the largest manufacturer of water flossing devices and showerheads.  In addition to the MidOcean portfolio companies, Bob is also a member of the Board of Directors of Menard, Inc., a multi-billion privately owned retailer; Maritz, Inc., a $1 billion privately owned travel, loyalty, and marketing services company, and several other corporate and non-profit boards.  He previously was Chairman of the Board of Directors of Bushnell Outdoor Products, a MidOcean Partners portfolio company and a global marketer of optics and other consumer products for outdoor recreational use.  Key brands are Bushnell, Bolle, Serengeti and Hoppe’s.  Bushnell was sold in November, 2013.  Bob has a B.A. in History from the University of Delaware and an MBA from the Harvard Business School.  He and his family reside in St. Louis.
		







Jules Haimovitz

Prev  Next
Mr. Haimovitz’s experience incorporates all aspects of operating and managing diverse businesses through all their various phases.  From his starting-up the Showtime, Lifetime, Sundance and Smithsonian cable channels, to his leading and subsequently managing various acquired companies such as MTV Networks, to presiding over ‘turn around’ companies such as Aaron Spelling Productions and ITC, Mr. Haimovitz has been faced with virtually the full gamut of business challenges.  Through his experience served the shareholders of Imclone beneficially when he chaired both the Audit Committee and the Strategic Planning Committee of Imclone through its sale to Eli Lilly.Recently, Mr. Haimovitz served as Vice Chairman and Managing Partner of Dick Clark Productions, from leading its acquisition in 2002 until its sale in 2007.  Mr. Haimovitz is president of Haimovitz Consulting, and recently served on the boards of Blucora Inc. (formerly Infospace) and Dial Global, both public companies.  From 2003 to 2009, he also sat on the board of Blockbuster, Inc., until it was sold to Avail Media, and TVN, a company then privately owned by Morgan Stanley.  Mr. Haimovitz joined Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer in June of 1999, where he held the position of President of MGM Networks, Inc. and Chairman of the Library Task Force.  He also served as Special Consultant to the Chairman and Chief Executive Officers of Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer until 2004.  Mr. Haimovitz served as a consultant to Liberty Media with regard to its evaluation of Universal Studios and its assets during the summer of 2004. Prior to joining MGM in 1997, Mr. Haimovitz served as President and Chief Operating Officer of King World Productions, Inc.  Prior to that, he was President and Chief Executive Officer of ITC Entertainment Group from 1993 until 1997, during which time he oversaw the sale and integration of ITC into PolyGram N.V., one of the world’s leading global music and entertainment companies.  From 1987 to 1993, Mr. Haimovitz served as President and Chief Operating Officer of Spelling Entertainment Inc.  Prior to that, He spent eleven years at Viacom International Inc., in various senior executive capacities, including President of the Viacom Network Group, and President of Viacom Entertainment Group.  A native New Yorker, now living in California, Mr. Haimovitz holds a dual B.A. degree in Mathematics and Communications, as well as an M.A. degree in Mathematics from Brooklyn College.  Mr. Haimovitz currently serves on the Brooklyn College Foundation Board.
		








Doug Fox

Prev  Next
Doug Fox has been working with MidOcean to evaluate consumer and business services opportunities and currently serves on the board for Allant, Hunter and Young America Corporation, MidOcean portfolio companies. He has served as both a senior line and staff executive across a broad range of consumer and industrial businesses. He was the SVP of Marketing and Strategy for Compaq Inc., leading five worldwide business units (Corporate Strategy, Global Alliances, Business Development, Marketing and Public Relations) comprising over 2,000 people. Prior to that he was the President and COO of Landmark Communications, Inc. a $650 million private media company with 2 CBS affiliates, 2 CATV networks, 43 newspapers and 6 magazines. Mr. Fox also served as President and COO of Newsday, a 3,000-person organization leading the paper�s growth from ninth to fourth largest paper in the US in five years and as the Senior VP of Marketing for International Paper Company. Mr. Fox also worked for the Procter & Gamble Company for eleven years in various managerial roles. In addition to serving on the board of several current and former MidOcean portfolio companies, Allant, Hunter, totes>>Isotoner, Young America Corporation and Vitaquest International LLC, Mr. Fox also serves or has served as a director of Bowne & Co., Inc., Bowne Global Solutions, Inc., Advanstar Communications Inc., Ziff-Davis Media Inc., Arcade Marketing Inc., and Oreck Corp.
		







Duke Ligon

Prev  Next
Mr. Ligon is a lawyer and owns and manages Mekusukey Oil Company, LLC.  From January 2007 to March 2010, Mr. Ligon worked as a Legal Strategic Advisor to Love’s Travel Shops & Country Stores, Inc. From February 1997 to January 2007, Mr. Ligon served as General Counsel and Senior Vice President of Devon Energy Corporation in addition to serving as a member of Devon’s Executive Management Committee.  Prior to that, Mr. Ligon was a partner in the New York office of the law firm Mayer, Brown & Platt from 1995 to February 1997. From 1985 to 1995, Mr. Ligon worked as a Senior Vice President and Managing Director and the Head of Energy Merchant Banking for Bankers Trust Company in New York.  Prior to that, Mr. Ligon worked for Corcoran, Hardesty, Whyte, Hemphill & Ligon P.C. as a partner in the law firm’s Washington D.C. office from 1982 through 1985.Mr. Ligon is a Member of the Major Gifts Committee of the Board of The Metropolitan Museum of Art, New York;  Chairman of the Board of Directors of Security State Bank, Oklahoma; Member of the Board of Directors of Heritage Trust Company, Oklahoma; Member of the Board of Directors of Vantage Drilling Company, Houston, TX; Chairman of the Board of Directors of PostRock Energy Partners, L.P. f/k/a Quest, Oklahoma; Chairman of the Board of Blueknight Energy Partners, L.P. f/k/a SemGroup Energy Partners, L.P., Oklahoma; Member of the Board of System One, Pittsburgh, PA;  Member of the Board of Directors of Emerald Oil and Gas USA Holdings, Inc. Denver, CO; Member of the Board of Directors of Orion California, L.P., Bakersfield, CA and Member of the Board of Directors of Civil War Trust, Washington, DC.  Mr. Ligon received a B.A. from Westminster College in 1963 and a J.D. from the University of Texas School of Law in 1969.
		







Blake  Lipham

Prev  Next
After joining Bushnell in 2007 as Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Lipham was named President of Bushnell in 2008 and Chief Executive Officer in 2010. Prior to Bushnell, Mr. Lipham spent three years as the Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Union Corrugating and five years as the Chief Financial Officer of Home Depot Installed Products. Previously, he held a number of financial and operational management positions at Procter & Gamble and The Home Depot.  In addition to the KidKraft Board of Directors, Blake also sits on the Boards of ThermaCell Repellents, Inc., and Offenbacher's. Mr. Lipham received a B.A. from Yale University and an M.B.A. from Wake Forest University.
		








Frank Sowinski

Prev  Next
Frank Sowinski has been working with MidOcean to evaluate information and marketing services opportunities. Mr. Sowinski currently serves on the boards of two of MidOcean's portfolio companies, Allant and LegalShield.  He has spent most of his career at The Dun & Bradstreet Corporation (D&B) serving in numerous positions including Executive Vice President of Global Marketing, Chief Financial Officer and most recently, President. After leaving D&B in 2001, Mr. Sowinski served as Executive Vice President - Chief Financial Officer of Pricewaterhousecoopers Consulting prior to its sale to IBM in 2002 and Executive Vice President Of Liz Claiborne Incorporated in 2004. Mr. Sowinski currently serves on the Boards of Buckeye Pipeline Company and Princeton University Varsity Club and has previously served on the Boards of American Credit Indemnity and iMarket Corporation.
		







Dan Stebbins

Prev  Next
Mr. Stebbins has been working with MidOcean Partners since 2006.  He has spent the majority of his career with Dragoco including President of the Flavor Division, Worldwide and a member of the Executive Board of Dragoco, GmbH. Mr. Stebbins was part of the executive team that integrated Dragoco and H&R into Symrise, the 4th largest flavor & fragrance company.  He became The President of Symrise, Flavor Div. Worldwide.Dan has been honored with numerous awards including the Erich Bruell award from FMA and IFRA and the Dr. Richard Hall award from FEMA for outstanding service to the Fragrance and Flavor Industry.He is currently the Non-Executive Chairman of Agilex Fragrances, a recent MidOcean Partners acquisition.
		




Gilman AndersonDaryl BrewsterRonald BernardBob CaulkJules HaimovitzDoug FoxDuke LigonBlake  LiphamFrank SowinskiDan Stebbins











  Home   |   Contact   |   Terms of Use   |   Career Opportunities


  			© 2017 MidOcean Partners.
  			 All Rights Reserved. 
  		

















 




Frank Sowinski, Allant Group Inc/The: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  



























Feedback





Frank Sowinski

Vice Chairman,
Allant Group Inc/The






Career History




Management Affiliate
Midorean Partners, 1/2006-PRESENT


Vice Chairman
Allant Group/The, PRESENT


Vice Chairman
Legalshield, PRESENT


Executive Vice President
Liz Claiborne Inc, 1/2004-10/2004


Exec VP/CFO
Pricewaterhousecoopers/New York, 5/2002-10/2002


Senior VP/CFO
Dun & Bradstreet Corp, 10/2000-4/2001


President
Dun & Bradstreet Corp, 9/1999-10/2000


Senior VP/CFO
Dun & Bradstreet Corp, 11/1996-9/1999


Exec VP:Global Marketing
Dun & Bradstreet Corp, FORMER


Show More









Website:
www.theallantgroup.com






Corporate Information
Address:

2056 Westings Avenue
Suite 500
Naperville, IL 60563
United States


Phone:
1-800-367-7311


Fax:
1-630-355-3090


Web url:
www.theallantgroup.com











From The Web












Personal Information



Education



University of Virginia
Master's Degree


Princeton University
Bachelor's Degree, Engineering








Memberships



Board Memberships




Allant Group/The


Vice Chairman, PRESENT




Legalshield


Vice Chairman, PRESENT




Buckeye Partners LP


Lead Director, PRESENT




Cdk Global Global Holdings LLC


Board Member, 10/2014-PRESENT




Buckeye GP LLC


Lead Director, 8/2014-PRESENT




Mainline Management LLC


Board Member, 8/2006-PRESENT




Buckeye GP LLC


Board Member, 8/2006-11/2010




Buckeye GP Holdings LP


Board Member, 2/2001-8/2006




Liz Claiborne Inc


Board Member, 1/2004-10/2004




Buckeye Pipe Line Services Co


Board Member, FORMER




American Credit Indemnity Co


Board Member, FORMER




Imarket Corp


Board Member, FORMER




Buckeye Partners LP


Board Member, 11/2010-UNKNOWN



Show More








Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data


































Frank S. Sowinski: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 22, 2017 1:02 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of MidOcean Partners



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Frank S. Sowinski  Management Affiliate, MidOcean PartnersAgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 5 Board Members in 5 different organizations across 10 different industries.See Board Relationships61--
Background

		Mr. Frank S. Sowinski has been a Management Affiliate at MidOcean Partners since January 2006. Mr. Sowinski is working with MidOcean Partners to evaluate information and marketing services opportunities. Mr. Sowinski served as the Chief Financial Officer at IBM Business Consulting Services, Inc. He served as an Executive Vice President at Kate Spade & Company (formerly, Liz Claiborne Inc. and Fifth & Pacific Companies, Inc.) from January 29, 2004 to October 31, 2004 ... and oversaw several operational areas including its finance and administration, information technology and customer service and manufacturing, sourcing, distribution and logistics. He served as an Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer at PWC Consulting (Price Waterhouse Coopers) from May 2002 to October 2002. Mr. Sowinski worked to evaluate information and marketing services opportunities. He held several high-level operating positions at The Dun & Bradstreet Corp. He spent most of his career at The Dun & Bradstreet Corp., where he served in numerous positions including Executive Vice President of Global Marketing, Chief Financial Officer and President. Mr. Sowinski served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer at Dun & Bradstreet Corp., from October 2000 to April 2001 and again served from November 1996 to September 1999. He served as President of Dun & Bradstreet Company from September 1999 to October 2000. Mr. Sowinski served at Dun & Bradstreet until 2001. Mr. Sowinski began his career at Amerada Hess Corporation. He serves as Vice Chairman of the Board and Director of LegalShield and Allant Group, LLC. He has been a Director of Buckeye GP, LLC, the General Partner of Buckeye Partners, L.P. since November 19, 2010 and has been its Lead Independent Director since August 2014. He has been an Independent Director of CDK Global, Inc. since September 30, 2014. Mr. Sowinski serves as a Director of Princeton University Varsity Club. Previously, he served as a Director of Buckeye GP, LLC from February 22, 2001 to August 9, 2006. Mr. Sowinski served as a Director of Mainline Management LLC from August 4, 2006 to November 19, 2010. He served as a Director of Buckeye Pipe Line Company from February 22, 2001 to 2004. Mr. Sowinski previously served on the Boards of American Credit Indemnity and iMarket Corporation. From October 2004 to January 2006, Mr. Sowinski was a Private Investor. He holds an M.B.A. from the University of Virginia and an undergraduate Degree from Princeton University.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
320 Park AvenueNew York, New York 10022United StatesPhone: 212-497-1400Fax: 212-497-1376
Board Members Memberships
DirectorLegalShieldVice Chairman of the BoardAllant Group, LLCDirectorBuckeye GP, LLC2010-PresentLead Independent Director of Buckeye GP LLCBuckeye Partners, L.P.2014-PresentIndependent DirectorCDK Global, Inc.
Education
Bachelor's Degree Princeton UniversityMBA University of Virginia
Other Affiliations
The Dun & Bradstreet CorporationBuckeye Partners, L.P.Kate Spade & CompanyLegalShieldCDK Global, Inc.IBM Business Consulting Services, Inc.Princeton UniversityUniversity of VirginiaAllant Group, LLCBuckeye GP, LLCBuckeye GP Holdings L.P.MainLine Management LLC


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact MidOcean Partners, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


























 


Frank Sowinski | Professional Profile
 


























 









LinkedIn



















































Main content starts below.




Frank SowinskiComputer Hardware ProfessionalLocationGreater Pittsburgh AreaIndustryComputer HardwarePreviousUnion Switch and Signal, Inc, Ansaldo STS (Union Switch & Signal), Union Switch & Signal, IncEducationOhio UniversityRecommendations1 person has recommended Frank84 connectionsView Frank’s full profile. It's free!Your colleagues, classmates, and 500 million other professionals are on LinkedIn.View Frank’s Full ProfileSummaryInnovative Engineering Manager with over 40 years of domestic and international experience in progressively more responsible positions with a variety of industries, combining vision, technical prowess and business-management expertise. Background ranges from technical management, project management, customer support, sales support, and operations management.  A proven track record in utilizing creative approaches to product design and deployment.  Problem solver with outstanding analytical skills; strategic thinker; excellent communicator; leader with keen vision. Able to deliver within the cost, schedule, and quality parameters of organization requirements.Specialties: Hardware Engineering ManagerResponsible for managing the design and deployment of a wide range of complex computer-based central office command and control centers and communications infrastructure and subsystems for the railroad and transit industry both domestically and worldwide.ExperienceHardware Engineering ManagerUnion Switch and Signal, IncSeptember 1986  –  February 2009 (22 years 6 months)Directed the $15 million central office hardware design of the Union Pacific CAD-X and OTP projects. Headed the $10 million central office and communication systems infrastructure hardware design and deployment effort for the Charlotte Area Transit System. Supervised the $14 million central office design efforts for the Port Authority of Allegheny County from conception to implementation. Headed the design effort for the $5 million Shanghai Line 2 office upgrade project involving close coordination with our Chinese partner.Coordinated system integration and deployment of central office components for the Brescia, Milan, Rome, and Thessalonika projects involving re-use for cost savings between projects.Coordinated closely with installation sub-contractors and COTS vendors in meeting customer requirements.Developed estimate and proposal documentation requiring detailed requirements definition to provide accurate cost data. Managed a 17 person multi-faceted engineering group in meeting cost, schedule, and quality goals in the design of central offices and communication systems.Directed the hardware design efforts for the $10 million central office hardware design and deployment for the Taipei Metro Transit Agency. Led the hardware design activities for the $5 million Taiwan Railway Administration’s computer-based central control office. Coordinated the central office hardware design activity for the $5 million SEPTA Frankford Elevated control office.Coordinated the $3 million central office hardware design activities for the Korea Railway Lines 3/4 upgrade.Delivered technical sales proposals and presentations to domestic and international customers. Developed a centralized estimate package that consolidated cost data from all functional group efficiently.Hardware Engineering ManagerAnsaldo STS (Union Switch & Signal)1986  –  2009 (23 years)Responsible for managing the design and deployment of a wide range of complex computer-based central office command and control centers and communications infrastructure and subsystems for the railroad and transit industry both domestically and worldwide.Senior ConsultantUnion Switch & Signal, IncSeptember 1986  –  September 1990 (4 years 1 month)Responsible for providing consulting services for the design and deployment of computer based central office command and control centers including distributed programmable logic controllers and communications systems infrastructure.Directed the hardware design efforts for the $10 million central office hardware design and deployment for the Taipei Metro Transit Agency. Led the hardware design activities for the $5 million Taiwan Railway Administration’s computer-based central control office. Coordinated the central office hardware design activity for the $5 million SEPTA Frankford Elevated control office.Coordinated the $3 million central office hardware design activities for the Korea Railway Lines 3/4 upgrade.Delivered technical sales proposals and presentations to domestic and international customers. Developed a centralized estimate package that consolidated cost data from all functional group efficiently.SEE BELOWOTHER RELEVANT EXPERIENCE1962  –  1986 (24 years)PERQ Systems Corporation - Quality Assurance DirectorThree Rivers Computer Corporation - Customer Service Director Diebold Corporation - Technical Services Manager Microform Data Systems Inc. - Technical Support ManagerMicroform Data Systems Inc. - Area Operations ManagerHoneywell Corporation - Field Service EngineerUSAF - Cryptographic SpecialistSkillsSystems EngineeringProject ManagementEngineering ManagementIntegrationEngineeringRequirements AnalysisProcess ManagementHardware ArchitectureHardware InstallationHardware SupportNetwork EngineeringNetwork DesignTelecommunications EngineeringProcess ControlSoftware DocumentationSee 13+RailSystem DesignSystem ArchitectureQuality AssuranceElectronicsTestingManagementElectrical EngineeringSoftware EngineeringMS ProjectMetroProposal WritingSignallingSee lessHow's this translation?Great•Has errorsThanks for your help!EducationOhio UniversityEngineering and BusinessEngineering and BusinessOhio University - Undergraduate Engineering  Engineering Management Seminar - UCLADeming Quality SeminarLeadership Management Seminar - Duquesne UniversityProject Management SeminarVarious Intra-Company training seminarsRecommendationsA preview of what LinkedIn members have to say about Frank:Frank has strong team leadership and managerial skills. Frank has a great working relationship with his engineers and dedicated to his projects.See moreSee lessSign up to see who recommended FrankGroupsRAIL PROFESSIONALSSmartRail: SignallingView Frank’s full profile to...See who you know in commonGet introducedContact Frank directlyView Frank’s Full ProfileNot the Frank you’re looking for? View moreView this profile in another languageEnglishChinese (Simplified)GermanPeople Also ViewedMark R. WasylsonRon FerrieNuclear worker experienced in Operations, Engineering and MaintenanceBrian HarrisSenior Engineer at Ansaldo STS USA (formerly Union Switch and Signal)Robert A RizzoPrincipal Engineer Systems at SiemensRon CapanPrincipal Consultant at Site Specific SolutionsRon Ferrie, P.E.Nuclear Unit Supervisor in Training at First EnergyMichael HaynieSoftware Engineer at GoogleChenggui DuTransportation/Trucking/Railroad ProfessionalChinnarao MokkapatiProject Quality Manager at Ansaldo Honolulu JVRoma MansukhaniSystems Engineer at Trainyard Tech LLCPublic profile badgeInclude this LinkedIn profile on other websitesView profile badgesFind a different Frank SowinskiFirst NameLast NameExample:  Frank SowinskiFrank SowinskiUnited StatesMore professionals named Frank SowinskiLinkedIn member directory:abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyzmoreBrowse members by country





























Frank S. Sowinski - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Frank S. Sowinski
Lead Independent Director at Buckeye Partners, L.P.


View Full Profile
Are you Frank S. Sowinski? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Frank S. Sowinski's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Frank S. Sowinski's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Frank S. Sowinski's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Frank S. Sowinski through your network of contacts.
												








Frank S. Sowinski's Executive Work History


Current


Lead Independent Director, 
Buckeye Partners, L.P.


Board Member, 
CDK Global, Inc.


Past
To view Frank S. Sowinski's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
60

 
 


Frank S. Sowinski's Biography



Frank S. Sowinski, 61, is our Lead Independent Director. He became a director of BGH's general partner on August 4, 2006 and, in connection with the merger of BGH with us on November 19, 2010 (the "Merger"), resigned from BGH's general partner's board and joined the Buckeye GP board. From February 2001 until August 2006, Mr. Sowinski served as director of Buckeye GP. Since January 2006, he has been a Management Affiliate of MidOcean Partners, a private equity investor. From October 2004 to January 2006, Mr. Sowinski was a private investor and prior thereto, he served as Executive Vice President of Liz Claiborne, Inc. from January 2004 until O ...
(Read More)

			Frank S. Sowinski, 61, is our Lead Independent Director. He became a director of BGH's general partner on August 4, 2006 and, in connection with the merger of BGH with us on November 19, 2010 (the "Merger"), resigned from BGH's general partner's board and joined the Buckeye GP board. From February 2001 until August 2006, Mr. Sowinski served as director of Buckeye GP. Since January 2006, he has been a Management Affiliate of MidOcean Partners, a private equity investor. From October 2004 to January 2006, Mr. Sowinski was a private investor and prior thereto, he served as Executive Vice President of Liz Claiborne, Inc. from January 2004 until October 2004. Mr. Sowinski served as Executive Vice President and CFO of PWC Consulting, a systems integrator company, from May 2002 to October 2002. Mr. Sowinski also served as Vice Chairman of a portfolio company of MidOcean Partners, LegalShield, a specialized legal service products company through June 2016. Mr. Sowinski joined the Board of CDK Global Inc. (NASDAQ: CDK) in October 2014 and chairs the audit committee. The operational and business skills Mr. Sowinski developed through his past experience in information services, consulting and retail apparel make him an important voice as an independent director on our general partner's board of directors.
		
Source: Buckeye Partners, L.P. on 04/19/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Frank S. Sowinski's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Frank S. Sowinski. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Frank S. Sowinski's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Frank S. Sowinski's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Frank S. Sowinski through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Frank S. Sowinski


















Frank S. Sowinski's Connections (98)





Sign up now to view Frank S. Sowinski's 98 connections »









Oliver G. Richard
Board Member, Buckeye Partners, L.P.









Paul R. Charron
Board Member, Unifi, Inc.









Stephen F. Schuckenbrock
Board Member, CDK Global, Inc.









Mary K. Haben
Lead Independent Director, Bob Evans Farms, Inc.









Leslie A. Brun
Chairman of the Board, Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.









Willie A. Deese
Board Member, DENTSPLY SIRONA Inc.









Barbara M. Baumann
Board Member, Buckeye Partners, L.P.









Robert M. Tarkoff
Board Member, CDK Global, Inc.









Chester J. Geveda
Former Vice President and Controller, Acting Chief Financial Officer, Moody's Corporation









Barbara J. Duganier
Board Member, Buckeye Partners, L.P.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Jan Koum
Board Member, Facebook, Inc.









Philip L. Milstein
Board Member, The Marcus Corporation












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993













   Frank Sowinski | Liz Claiborne Inc. | ZoomInfo.com


CDK Frank S. Sowinski Insider Trades for CDK Global Inc.


































Bulletin






Investor Alert





















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































CDK Global Inc.

                  NASDAQ: CDK
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

CDK Global Inc.



After Hours
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 21, 2017, 4:27 p.m.


CDK

/quotes/zigman/39082727/composite


$
65.09




Change

0.00
0.00%

Volume
Volume 12,441
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/39082727/composite
Previous close

$
			65.15
		


$
				65.09
			
Change

-0.06
-0.09%





Day low
Day high
$64.78
$65.30










52 week low
52 week high

            $53.46
        

            $67.49
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Frank S. Sowinski



Mr. Frank S. Sowinski is Independent Director at CDK Global, Inc., Lead Independent Director at Buckeye Gp LLC and Lead Independent Director at Buckeye Partners LP. He is on the Board of Directors at CDK Global, Inc., Buckeye Gp LLC, Buckeye Partners LP and The Allant Group, Inc. Mr. Sowinski was previously employed as Executive Vice President by Fifth & Pacific Cos., Inc., Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President by PwC Consulting, Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President by Dun & Bradstreet Corp., and Vice Chairman by Pre-Paid Legal Services, Inc. He also served on the board at Buckeye GP Holdings LP, MainLine Management LLC and Buckeye Gp LLC.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





11/15/2016
2,587


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


11/06/2015
4,023


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


11/06/2015
2,916


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


11/14/2014
4,148


 
Award at $0 per share.


0





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. Brian Patrick MacDonald 
President, Chief Executive Officer & Director




Mr. Lee J. Brunz 
CFO, Secretary, VP & General Counsel




Mr. Rajiv  Amar 
Chief Technology Officer & Executive VP




Mr. Dean w. Crutchfield 
Chief Information Officer & Executive VP




Mr. Ronald L. Frey 
Chief Strategy Officer & Executive Vice President




Mr. Kathy  Gilbert 
Director-Sales & Business Development




Mr. Tony  Graham 
Chief Customer Experience Officer




Mr. Robert N. Karp 
President-Retail Solutions North America




Dr. Andrew  Dean 
President-Automotive Retail International




Mr. Scott L. Mathews 
Executive Vice President-North American Sales




Ms. Jennifer  Nagy 
Head-Media Relations




Ms. Amy W. Byrne 
Chief Human Resources Officer & Executive VP




Mr. Leslie A. Brun 
Non-Executive Chairman




Mr. Willie A. Deese 
Independent Director




Mr. Stephen Francis Schuckenbrock 
Independent Director




Ms. Eileen J. Martinson 
Independent Director




Mr. Robert M. Tarkoff 
Independent Director




Ms. Amy J. Hillman 
Independent Director




Mr. Stephen A. Miles 
Independent Director




Mr. Robert E. Radway 
Independent Director




Mr. Frank S. Sowinski 
Independent Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




1:03 AM EDT
July 22, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
8:34pCharges dropped after ‘London Whale’ accused Jamie Dimon of making him a fall guy
7:41pGoodbye, Sean Spicer: Memorable Moments From the Podium  
7:18pHow to Fix Wall Street, and Bankers' Pay
6:59pAmazon, Whole Foods look to head off lengthy deal review
6:45pHawaii adopts emergency plan for North Korea missile attack
6:24p California Wildfire Destroys Homes Near Yosemite
6:20pSpicer Quits as Scaramucci Accepts White House Job
6:20pWhy you shouldn’t order ice on a flight, and other ‘dirty little secrets’ 
6:09pIf you’re reading this, you have a 19.3% chance of being rich
6:07p5 unfortunate reasons why millennials can’t have nice things (or save any money)
6:06pThis is the deadliest time of your life to put on weight
6:06pIf, like Sean Spicer, you suddenly walk out — what should you do next?
5:37pA History of Sears: Through Highs and Lows
5:13pAre you a money bully?
5:10pHow real-estate TV shows determine what home buyers look for and what to do if you decide to quit your job like Sean Spicer
5:07pBREAKINGWall Street's 'fear gauge'--the VIX--just logged its second-lowest close in history
5:06pWhy it might be time to invest in the companies Amazon is destroying
5:06pThis is what should really worry you about stocks
5:04pBeware of the curse of the number 7 in the stock market 
5:00pS&P 500, Nasdaq post weekly gains as stock market finishes session lower
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,580.07

-31.71
-0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,387.75

-2.25
-0.04%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.54

-0.91
-0.04%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15

























































Frank S Sowinski - Craigsville, VA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Frank S Sowinski in Craigsville, VA


Frank S Sowinski

                                                Intelius found that Frank S Sowinski  is  a male from Craigsville, VA.  We have connected them to
                3 addresses,
                1 phone,
                and 1 relative or associate.
         






Get Report Now

Frank Has Lived In

Craigsville, VA

Frank's Relatives

Judith Little







Frank S Sowinski



GenderMale



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Frank? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Frank, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Frank S Sowinski
Get a Criminal Check on Frank S Sowinski
Get a Public Record Report on Frank S Sowinski
Get a People Search Report on Frank S Sowinski


Frank S Sowinski's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Frank S Sowinski has lived as well as Frank S Sowinski's phone numbers and email addresses.




Frank S Sowinski Has Lived in 1 States
Virginia Address for Frank S Sowinski


306 P* 

Craigsville, VA


Has Lived In

Craigsville, VA


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Frank S Sowinski

(540) ***-**** - Craigsville, VA 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Frank S Sowinski



Get Email Report




Frank S Sowinski's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Frank S Sowinski


Frank S Sowinski's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Frank S Sowinski's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Frank Sowinski
Username Matches

                  FrankSowinski
                  SowinskiFrank
                  Frank.Sowinski
                  Sowinski.Frank
                  Frank_Sowinski
                  Sowinski_Frank
                  Frank-Sowinski
                  Sowinski-Frank
                  FSowinski
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
F Sowinski







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.














Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...




First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





we also search social networks:

















This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search






  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



 Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip




















Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          


















Amazon.com: Amazon Music Unlimited








































Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















Digital Music



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 






 Amazon Music Unlimited Prime Music CDs & Vinyl Download Store         Open Web Player MP3 cart Settings













































































































$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          
















Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.
















Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).
















Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More


























Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          

















There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started

















v























