










 




Space Time Insight, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 4:53 PM ET
Software

Company Overview of Space Time Insight, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Space Time Insight, Inc. provides situational intelligence and visual analytics applications that correlate, analyze, and visualize business, operational, and external data across space, time, and nodes in a network. It offers asset intelligence, non-asset intelligence, smart meter and demand intelligence, transmission and distribution intelligence, wholesale market and trading intelligence, and multi-INT data fusion solutions. The company provides solutions for various applications ranging from planning to real-time operations and crisis condition handling needs; and generation, transmission, and distribution of energy to logistics and supply chain applications. It serves asset intensive in...
Space Time Insight, Inc. provides situational intelligence and visual analytics applications that correlate, analyze, and visualize business, operational, and external data across space, time, and nodes in a network. It offers asset intelligence, non-asset intelligence, smart meter and demand intelligence, transmission and distribution intelligence, wholesale market and trading intelligence, and multi-INT data fusion solutions. The company provides solutions for various applications ranging from planning to real-time operations and crisis condition handling needs; and generation, transmission, and distribution of energy to logistics and supply chain applications. It serves asset intensive industries, including utility, transportation and logistics, government, and oil and gas markets worldwide. Space Time Insight, Inc. has strategic technology partnerships with Accenture, Esri, and SAP, as well as a strategic original equipment manufacturer partnership with NEC. The company was formerly known as Enterprise Horizons, Inc. and changed its name to Space Time Insight, Inc. in December 2008. Space Time Insight, Inc. was incorporated in 2003 and is headquartered in San Mateo, California.
Detailed Description


1850 Gateway DriveSuite 125San Mateo, CA 94404United StatesFounded in 2003



Phone: 650-513-8550

Fax: 650-349-3554

www.spacetimeinsight.com







Key Executives for Space Time Insight, Inc.




Mr. Rob Schilling


      	Chief Executive Officer
      








Mr. William J. Tamblyn


      	Chief Financial Officer
      


Age: 58
        







Ms. Cathy Minter


      	Senior Vice President of North America Sales 
      








Dr. Paul Hofmann


      	Chief Technology Officer
      








Mr. Rob Massoudi


      	Senior Vice President of Business Development & Strategic Partnerships
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Space Time Insight, Inc. Key Developments

Space-Time Insight, Inc. Names Neil Barry as Senior Sales Director, EMEA
Jul 13 16
Space-Time Insight, Inc. has extended its European leadership team to manage growth throughout the region, with particular emphasis on the UK and Germany. Neil Barry joins the company as Senior Sales Director EMEA. With 20 years’ experience in the software industry, including roles at Oracle, EMC and venture-backed business intelligence specialist Jaspersoft through to its acquisition by TIBCO in 2014, he is responsible for leading growth and expansion in the EMEA region. Barry is joined by Patricia de Boer, Business Development Manager EMEA and Robin McArthur, Senior Account Executive in the UK. De Boer has over 17 years’ experience working with leading OEMs, global service providers and high-tech companies across EMEA, USA and BRIC. McArthur brings more than 20 years’ experience helping companies in the retail, telecoms and utilities sectors achieve their business objectives through big data and predictive analytics.


Space-Time Insight Launches Singapore Subsidiary for Asia Pacific Innovation
May 23 16
Space-Time Insight announced the launch of its Singapore subsidiary focused on innovation with and for the Asia Pacific region’s utilities. NEC Asia Pacific and the region’s leading utility company based in Singapore have joined forces with the new subsidiary.


Space-Time Insight Announces the Availability of the Latest Version of Its Safety Intelligence Solution
Apr 11 16
Space-Time Insight announced the availability of the latest version of its Safety Intelligence solution. Safety Intelligence uses advanced analytics to help asset-intensive organizations avert, respond to, and take action on safety incidents. According to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics, industries on average experience 3.2 non-fatal occupational injuries per 100 full-time workers. Some industries experience nearly four times this rate. Similar statistics exist for workplace illnesses and, unfortunately, fatalities. Safety Intelligence is a software application that uses advanced analytics to help companies: Pinpoint the who, what, where, when, why and how of accidents that have happened or might happen; Easily generate and act on daily accident predictions and recommended remedies; Collaborate with and educate employees, contractors, vendors and other stakeholders on safety-related challenges; Measure and optimize the effectiveness of accident prevention and safety education programs. Safety Intelligence integrates with a wide range of IT, operational and external data sources that relate to safety. The application is commonly implemented in a matter of months for rapid impact on saving lives, preventing injuries, optimizing safety program costs and simplifying reporting.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 'LightArrow Inc. United States @RISK, Inc. United States @YourGate LLC United States 100Insights, Inc. United States 101 Edu, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Private Placement

			      September 27, 2016
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Space Time Insight, Inc., please visit www.spacetimeinsight.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Private Companies in Business Intelligence/Analytics on PrivCo

































































RPC























Steve Ehrlich | Space-Time Insight Inc | Email @spacetimeinsight.com 











































LOGIN

7 DAY FREE TRIAL































Steve Ehrlich

 Space-Time Insight Inc  SVP Marketing and Product Management




export

















1850 Gateway Drive

Foster City, CA 94404


Email format for @spacetimeinsight.com

Direct Phone: Not Available 









Type:

                    Private                
Employees: 
100 - 249

Revenue:  
10 - 20 Million

Industry:  
                        Software->Multimedia Software                    
SIC Code:  
                         7375  - Information Retrieval Services








 BIOGRAPHY

 
                    Space-Time Insight Inc's SVP Marketing and Product Management is Steve Ehrlich. They are based in Foster City, CA, and you can find their Lead411 profile filed under the Multimedia software industry. Steve Ehrlich's profile contains twitter, phone numbers, linkedin, wiki, and biography information, and you can also find other Space-Time Insight Inc contact information and email addresses on Lead411 with the @spacetimeinsight.com domain format.  Some possible email formats for Steve Ehrlich are SEhrlich@spacetimeinsight.com, Steve.Ehrlich@spacetimeinsight.com, Steve@spacetimeinsight.com, and Steve_Ehrlich@spacetimeinsight.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@spacetimeinsight.com addresses.            


Similar People:
Steve E - Executive
For The Event Group International email addresses with the @teginternational.com format as well as facebook info, twitter, phone numbers, linkedin, wiki, as well as biography data for Steve E, you may check in The Event Group International's Lead411 profile. Steve E is currently the President for The Event Group International. The company's CEO is . The contact information of The Event Group International on Lead411 is filed under the Professional services. Their main offices are in Reston, VA.  Some possible email formats for Steve E are SE@teginternational.com, Steve.E@teginternational.com, Steve@teginternational.com, and Steve_E@teginternational.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@teginternational.com addresses.
Steve E - Technology
Need to know Steve E's email, phone numbers, linkedin profile, wiki, twitter username, and biography?  You can find contact information on Delphi Automotive PLC's Lead411 profile.  Steve E is the Tool Design Engineer for Delphi Automotive PLC, an organization which has its base in Troy, MI.  One can also find Delphi Automotive PLC email addresses on their Lead411 profile with the @delphi.com url.  Auto parts/services is Delphi Automotive PLC's industry within the Lead411 database.  Some possible email formats for Steve E are SE@delphi.com, Steve.E@delphi.com, Steve@delphi.com, and Steve_E@delphi.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@delphi.com addresses.
Steve E Malott - Executive
Steve E Malott is part of OReilly Auto Parts, an organization which has its main offices in Springfield, MO.  Steve serves as the retail manager at OReilly Auto Parts.  If you're searching for OReilly Auto Parts email addresses, you can also find those on their Lead411 profile with the domain @oreillyauto.com along with Steve E Malott's linkedin name, twitter tweets, wiki, phone numbers, and biography.OReilly Auto Parts's Lead411 profile is categorized under the Auto parts/services industry.  Some possible email formats for Steve E Malott are SE Malott@oreillyauto.com, Steve.E Malott@oreillyauto.com, Steve@oreillyauto.com, and Steve_E Malott@oreillyauto.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@oreillyauto.com addresses.



Similar Employees:
Rob Schilling - Executive
A CEO at Space-Time Insight Inc based in Foster City, CA, Rob Schilling has a comprehensive profile on Lead411. You can find the entry on Space-time Insight Inc in our Multimedia software category. The company CEO is Rob Schilling. There are email addresses on their profile and may include Rob Schilling' email format too. You can also find other contact information like facebook, phone numbers, biography, wiki, and linkedin for Rob Schilling.  Some possible email formats for Rob Schilling are RSchilling@spacetimeinsight.com, Rob.Schilling@spacetimeinsight.com, Rob@spacetimeinsight.com, and Rob_Schilling@spacetimeinsight.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@spacetimeinsight.com addresses.
Rob Massoudi - Sales - Marketing
Space-Time Insight Inc's SVP Business Development is Rob Massoudi. They are based in Foster City, CA, and you can find their Lead411 profile filed under the Multimedia software industry. Rob Massoudi's profile contains twitter, phone numbers, linkedin, wiki, and biography information, and you can also find other Space-Time Insight Inc contact information and email addresses on Lead411 with the @spacetimeinsight.com domain format.  Some possible email formats for Rob Massoudi are RMassoudi@spacetimeinsight.com, Rob.Massoudi@spacetimeinsight.com, Rob@spacetimeinsight.com, and Rob_Massoudi@spacetimeinsight.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@spacetimeinsight.com addresses.
Jagadeesh Macherla - Technology
A VP, ENGINEERING AND CHIEF ARCHITECT at Space-Time Insight Inc based in Foster City, CA, Jagadeesh Macherla has a comprehensive profile on Lead411. You can find the entry on Space-time Insight Inc in our Multimedia software category. The company CEO is Rob Schilling. There are email addresses on their profile and may include Jagadeesh Macherla' email format too. You can also find other contact information like facebook, phone numbers, biography, wiki, and linkedin for Jagadeesh Macherla.  Some possible email formats for Jagadeesh Macherla are JMacherla@spacetimeinsight.com, Jagadeesh.Macherla@spacetimeinsight.com, Jagadeesh@spacetimeinsight.com, and Jagadeesh_Macherla@spacetimeinsight.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@spacetimeinsight.com addresses.

People Directory > Steve Ehrlich




























 




SPACE TIME INSIGHT, INC. Credit report, products, contacts













 Florida






Search









    SPACE TIME INSIGHT, INC.











Company number F10000003543
        

Status Active
        

FEI number 562320897
        

Company Type Foreign for Profit
        

Home State DE
        

Last activity date 6/17/2013
        

Date Of Incorporation 8/5/2010
        

Principal Address
            1850 GATEWAY DRIVE, SUITE 125, SAN MATEO, CA, 94404
            


Mailing Address 1850 GATEWAY DRIVE, SUITE 125, SAN MATEO, CA, 94404
        
SPACE TIME INSIGHT, INC. Principals

Director
                Cogan Gil
                 


Address
                2730 SAND HILL ROAD, SUITE 150, MENLO PARK, CA, 94025
                 



Director
                Gill Jasvir
                 


Address
                45680 NORTHPORT LOOP EAST, FREMONT, CA, 94538
                 



Director
                Kingsley Bill
                 


Address
                BLDG D SUITE 105, 625 W. RIDGE PIKE, CONSHOHOCKEN, PA, 19428
                 







Last Annual Reports

2015 3/28/2015
            

2015 3/28/2015
            

2014 1/7/2014
            
Registered Agent

Agent Name NRAI SERVICES, INC. (c)
        

Agent Address
                515 East Park Avenue, Tallahassee, FL, 32301
                

SPACE TIME INSIGHT, INC. Events

1 REVOKED FOR         ANNUAL REPORT
            

filedDate 9/28/2012
            


2 REINSTATEMENT
            

filedDate 6/17/2013
            

Description
SPACE TIME INSIGHT, INC. has been set up 8/5/2010 in state DE.  
The current status of the business is Active. The SPACE TIME INSIGHT, INC. principal adress is 1850 GATEWAY DRIVE, SUITE 125, SAN MATEO, CA, 94404. 
Meanwhile you can send your letters to 1850 GATEWAY DRIVE, SUITE 125, SAN MATEO, CA, 94404. 
The company`s registered agent is NRAI SERVICES, INC. 515 East Park Avenue, Tallahassee, FL, 32301.  
The company`s management are Director - Cogan Gil, Director - Gill Jasvir, Director - Kingsley Bill. The last significant event in the company history is REINSTATEMENT which is dated by 6/17/2013. This decision is take in action on unknown.  The company annual reports filed on Annual reports – 3/28/2015.






Comprehensive Report about this company
        





(view sample)








Similar Companies
SPACE & TIME, LLC
SPACE-TIME TECHNOLOGIES, INC.
SPACE TIME VISUAL ARTS, LLC
SPACE TO CREATE LLC
SPACE TO GROW CHARITIES, INC.
SPACE TO GROW, INC.













Space-Time Insight Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback

























space-time insight inc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Technology
Industry: Software
Sub-Industry: Application Software
Space-Time Insight, Inc. develops geospatial and visual analytics software. The Company offers a software that integrates and correlates information into geospatial and analytics displays, rule and event processing, and third-party applications into visualizations and dashboards. Space-Time Insight conducts business in Fremont, California.




Corporate Information
Address:

45680 Northport Loop East
Fremont, CA 94538
United States


Phone:
1-510-897-6760


Fax:
1-510-440-0841


Web url:
www.spacetimeinsight.com





Board Members




Board Members
Company


Samer Salty
Zouk Ventures Ltd


William Kingsley
Enertech Capital Partners


























From The Web











Key Executives


Robert Schilling


Chief Executive Officer




Paul Hofmann


Chief Technology Officer







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data







































Space Time Insight  Inc in Fremont, CA 94538 - ChamberofCommerce.com




   =     


        









Sign Up
Sign In
Contact Us


 














Search
 

near
 













Home
» California
» Fremont
» Software Publishers
» Space Time Insight  Inc













Space Time Insight  Inc


0 Reviews

0.0000 stars - based on 0 reviews
                            





45680 Northport Loop E  Fremont, California 94538


(510) 440-0840
Website


 



 

Print |
                Save |
                Directions


About
Space Time Insight  Inc is located at the address 45680 Northport Loop E in Fremont, California 94538.  They can be contacted via phone at (510) 440-0840 for pricing, hours and directions.  Space Time Insight  Inc has an annual sales volume of 1M – 1,999,999.  .For more information contact Allen  Tsai, Director, Sales Operations or  go to www.spacetimeinsight.comSpace Time Insight  Inc provides Data Services, Consultations, Remote Access to it's customers.  For maps and directions to Space Time Insight  Inc view the map to the right.  For reviews of Space Time Insight  Inc see below.









Business Features

PRODUCTS


Switches
, Desktops
, Web Cameras
, Hubs
, Internet Services
, Mice
, Switches / Switch Boxes
, Cable Modems
, Plotters
, Batteries



SERVICES


PC Repairs
, Design Consultations
, Troubleshooting
, Network Design
, Data Services
, Customer Service
, Industrial Services
, Remote Access
, Database Design
, Consultations


 BRANDS


Avaya
, Nortel
, Hewlett Packard
, Microsoft
, Samsung
, Acer
, HP
, Canon
, Toshiba
, Mac Pro



 


Information

CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (510) 440-0840
Website: www.spacetimeinsight.com
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Employee Size: 20 To 49
Exact Employee Count: 35
Exact Sales Volume: 1900000
Location Type: Single Location
Sales Volume: 1M – 1,999,999
CATEGORIES:


Software Publishers
Computers & Computer Parts Manufacturing & Wholesale
Business, Industry & Agriculture
Information & Media
Publishing
Manufacturing & Wholesale



People Also Viewed


Netgeno  Inc


4369 Michael Ave  Fremont, California 94538




Rhombium Software  Inc


2140 Peralta Blvd Ste 2  Fremont, California 94536




Brigade Software Inc


2000 Walnut Ave  Fremont, California 94538




Cgap Software Inc


38742 Chimaera Cir  Fremont, California 94536




Spidergram


43494 Ellsworth st 2  Fremont, California 94539




Bwing Software Inc


36579 Nettles Ct  Fremont, California 94536





Reviews

Add


You must Sign in to post reviews.





by  on 






Click here to be the first to review this business...



0 Reviews
 


Key Contacts




Allen  Tsai
DIRECTOR, SALES OPERATIONS
Phone: (510) 897-6760 
 



Charles  Ackerman
TECH WRITER
Phone: (510) 897-6760 
 



Krishna  Kumar
FOUNDER AND CHIEF TECHNOLOGY OFFICER
Phone: (510) 897-6760 
 



Margot  Siek
DIRECTOR OF MARKETING
Phone: (650) 248-9543 
 



Raj  Gupta
VICE PRESIDENT ENGINEERING
Phone: (510) 897-6760 
 



Ranganath  Chinni

Phone: (510) 897-6760 
 



Mark L Fedman
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
Phone: (510) 897-6760 
 



Margot  Rudell
MARKETING DIRECTOR
Phone: (510) 897-6760 
 



Misty  Reese
EXECUTIVE ADMIN
Phone: (510) 897-6760 
 



Mozhi  Habibi
DIRECTOR OF PRODUCT MANAGEMENT
Phone: (510) 897-6760 
 



Mark  Steliotes
MANAGER BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT
Phone: (510) 897-6760 
 



Rob  Schilling
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
Phone: (510) 897-6760 
 



Rubin  Singh
INTERN
Phone: (510) 897-6760 
 



View More
 























 






Site Map
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
About
Partners
Chamber Partner Program
Chamber Member Benefits




Top Cities:
Atlanta
Bronx
Brooklyn
Chicago
Cleveland
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Phoenix
Saint Louis
San Antonio
San Diego
San Jose


© 2017 CHAMBEROFCOMMERCE.COM
















SpaceTime Insight Asset Analytics






























































 

































 











 



























  


















				Asset Analytics			





				SpaceTime Insight Asset Analytics help asset-intensive companies extend the life of their assets and optimize operations by determining the health, criticality, and risk of failure of assets to help make informed, risk-based and return-based decisions.			





















  













				The SpaceTime Difference			




				Asset-intensive companies need to reduce costs and downtime from asset failure while still earning the highest return on their capital spending. They need to make the right decisions from moment to moment at scale and speed. They are collecting more and more data, but it’s getting harder and harder to make sense of it all.  With SpaceTime Insight Asset Analytics, you can address each of these challenges, and more.			











				Extend Asset Life and Optimize Repair and Replace with Predictive Maintenance			




Predict the probability of asset failure and optimize maintenance and repair schedules to extend the life of assets and minimize disruption. Machine learning predicts asset failure with greater confidence. These predictions become inputs to automated, continuous maintenance optimization to lower costs and minimize downtime.











				Optimize Asset Utilization and Mitigate Risk			




Using Asset Analytics, planners and operators easily collaborate to simultaneously lower risk and optimize spending. This collaboration supports a culture of improved decision-making driven by insights from analytics.





				Get a 360-degree View of Business Imperatives			




Using SpaceTime Insight’s award-winning real-time visual analytics technology, Asset Analytics correlates, analyzes, and visualizes data from any number of sources into a single application.











				Industries			




Asset Analytics optimize operations and capital investments for a broad range of asset-intensive industries:
Electricity, Water, and Gas Utilities
Renewable Energy
Manufacturing
Transportation




Complete the form to learn more
































  















				Services			




We offer a full suite of services to rapidly implement SpaceTime solutions, train your personnel in using the solutions, maintain your implementations throughout their useful life, and host them for you as needed.



Professional ServicesHosting and Managed ServicesData ScienceUser Experience / User InterfaceTrainingSupport Services




 


















  






















				Resources			




White Paper: Machine Learning Model for Predicting Asset Failure
White Paper: Analytics Center of Excellence
White Paper: Six Questions to Ask Your Analytics Vendor
Webinar Replay: Decision-making in the Era of IoT






				Related Content			




Remote Asset Monitoring
Advanced Analytics
Internet of Things

































 




 
© 2008-2017 Space Time Insight, Inc. Space-Time Insight is a registered trademark and SpaceTime, SpaceTime Insight, and the Galaxy symbol are trademarks of Space Time Insight, Inc. 
Privacy Policy&nbsp &nbsp &nbspTerms of Use&nbsp &nbsp &nbspSubscription Preferences


 
Resources
Support






















Our website uses cookies to provide you with the best viewing experience. Learn about our cookie and data privacy policy, including how to change your settings. Find out more.OK 



Space Time Insight - Financial Report | Annual Revenue | Stock































































RPC














SpaceTime Insight





























































 

































 











 



























  



















				Your Future, Optimized			




				Some of the world’s largest industrial companies use SpaceTime Insight’s advanced analytics applications to realize the full value of their people, processes, and assets. Now your company can:			






				Accurately predict asset failure
Automate optimization in real time
Find the fastest path to the best result			





Ask Us How







White Paper: Machine Learning Model for Predicting Asset Failure
Asset maintenance done better – how machine learning analytics improve upon condition-based maintenance. Download the white paper to learn how.






















  










				The SpaceTime Difference			










				Real Time Optimization and Holistic Machine Learning			




Most analytics are based on parameters and condition-based algorithms. Customers need advanced, generalizable machine learning to model any asset in space and time and generate accurate predictions and optimizations. Our machine learning analytics applications predict the probability that assets will fail further into the future, with greater accuracy and confidence – extending your assets’ useful life and optimizing asset maintenance.




Machine Learning












				Intelligence in the Cloud
and at the Edge			




Our platform was built for a mobile world and real-time applications. Our applications are optimized for geospatial and time-series data streams, and assume a network of assets and people. With SpaceTime technology, even the most limited devices can perform powerful tasks, and machines and sensors can communicate directly with people in the field to create a “short loop” for action.




IoT Platform














				Past and
Future Proof			




Asset-intensive, always-on businesses are investing in billions of connected machines, sensors, and other devices. Industrial equipment manufacturers offer platforms that only work with their own machines. SpaceTime connects to the legacy devices you have now and will connect to what you may buy in the future, regardless of vendor. Our platform is device and protocol agnostic.




IoT Platform














				Warp 6 Platform
Rapid Time-to-Value			




Our platform and built-in expertise allow us to configure applications for specific customers and use cases in less time and less expensively than competitors. That advantage multiplies as your needs grow and we expand your applications. No rip and replace, just business-driven, bottom line thinking.




Warp 6 Details


























  











What We Do










AssetAnalytics


Remote AssetMonitoring



          Your browser doesn't support HTML5 video tag.
        
Utility GridAnalytics





Hub Operations
Revenue Lossand Fraud
			



          Your browser doesn't support HTML5 video tag.
        
Safety


OperationsAnalytics
























  



















				SpaceTime Delivers ROI			








				Start Simple
Expand Later			




The Warp 6 platform makes it cost-effective to address an immediate pain point in one facility or point of operation, then deploy later across all of your assets and workforce for additional return on investment.




IoT Solutions











				By the Numbers			







$2.3 million savings per location in reduced crew hours 



$5 million per year savings from reduced truck rolls 



80% productivity increase with simplified, understandable UI 



$75 million (CAD) annual savings from reduced energy theft 



Achieved savings of 29 minutes per day / 8,000 recovered labor hours per year in crew planning 



$13 million per year in tax credits by tracking assets in real-time 



$2 million per year savings in fleet management 



20 million "things" are connected to SpaceTime applications 



Warp IoT scales to 200 million connected devices and beyond 

 






















  











				Insights From Our Blog			


Machine Learning and the US Total EclipseMachine Learning July 25, 20170 0Getting Started with SI Suite using Tutorial ApplicationTechnical June 7, 20170 0Using Spark for SpaceTime’s Distributed Machine Learning LibraryAnalytics, Machine Learning, Technical June 5, 20170 1Building Erlang Docker Images with Multi-Stage BuildsTechnical June 5, 20171 0Use the Right Tool for Analytics SuccessMachine Learning May 31, 20170 2
Machine Learning and the US Total EclipseMachine LearningUsing Spark for SpaceTime’s Distributed Machine Learning LibraryAnalytics, Machine Learning, TechnicalUse the Right Tool for Analytics SuccessMachine Learning






























 




 
© 2008-2017 Space Time Insight, Inc. Space-Time Insight is a registered trademark and SpaceTime, SpaceTime Insight, and the Galaxy symbol are trademarks of Space Time Insight, Inc. 
Privacy Policy&nbsp &nbsp &nbspTerms of Use&nbsp &nbsp &nbspSubscription Preferences


 
Resources
Support






















Our website uses cookies to provide you with the best viewing experience. Learn about our cookie and data privacy policy, including how to change your settings. Find out more.OK 



Private Companies in Software on PrivCo

































































RPC












