










 





















Spark Investment Management



































Spark




Menu






Expertise
Our specialty is quantitative market-neutral equity investment. We invest extensively in research to create strategies with a significant proprietary component.




Method
Behave ethically. Stay in compliance with applicable laws, rules, and regulations.
Treat investor capital as we would our own. Our investors trust us with their capital. Make sure their trust is merited. Investors may lose money, and past performance is not necessarily indicative of future results.
Treat our people well and provide great opportunities. Give each individual the opportunity to be creative, make an impact, and earn the rewards they deserve.
Partner with our strategic vendors. Our strategic vendors provide services at a quality and scale that we can’t replicate internally. Create win/win solutions for the organizations involved.




Strategy
Our strategy is to follow our method, have the best people, and develop advanced technology. You can find out more about how we do these things on this site.

















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









﻿






























Public Employees Retirement System of Ohio Has $1,450,000 Stake in Owens-Illinois, Inc. (NYSE:OI) - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for Owens-Illinois Inc.

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Owens-Illinois Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

Grassi Investment Management Raises Position in The Charles Schwab Corporation (NYSE:SCHW)
Brink’s Company (The) (BCO) PT Raised to $72.00 at Imperial Capital
Morgan Stanley Reiterates Equal Weight Rating for Fastenal Company (FAST)
Prospect Capital Corporation (PSEC) Rating Lowered to Hold at BidaskClub
Global Blood Therapeutics, Inc. (GBT) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Morgan Stanley
Kansas City Southern (KSU) Earns Positive Rating from UBS AG
Qiagen N.V. (NASDAQ:QGEN) Earns “Buy” Rating from Deutsche Bank AG
Nuveen Asset Management LLC Has $5.03 Million Stake in Paychex, Inc. (PAYX)
Nuveen Asset Management LLC Decreases Position in Domtar Corporation (NYSE:UFS)
Erie Indemnity Company (NASDAQ:ERIE) Shares Bought by Public Employees Retirement System of Ohio
United Natural Foods, Inc. (UNFI) Shares Sold by Nuveen Asset Management LLC
Ultragenyx Pharmaceutical Inc. (NASDAQ:RARE) Stake Cut by Nuveen Asset Management LLC
United Capital Financial Advisers LLC Boosts Position in Occidental Petroleum Corporation (NYSE:OXY)
Public Employees Retirement System of Ohio Has $1,450,000 Stake in Owens-Illinois, Inc. (NYSE:OI)
Nuveen Asset Management LLC Has $714,000 Position in Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. (MLM)
Royal Gold, Inc. (NASDAQ:RGLD) Stake Decreased by Dimensional Fund Advisors LP
CSX Corporation (CSX) Shares Bought by Loomis Sayles & Co. L P
Public Employees Retirement System of Ohio Has $1.48 Million Position in Legg Mason, Inc. (LM)
Public Employees Retirement System of Ohio Buys 35,932 Shares of 51job, Inc. (JOBS)
Gramercy Property Trust (NYSE:GPT) Shares Bought by Public Employees Retirement System of Ohio







Public Employees Retirement System of Ohio Has $1,450,000 Stake in Owens-Illinois, Inc. (NYSE:OI)


					Posted by Chloe McGuire on Jul 27th, 2017 // No Comments




Public Employees Retirement System of Ohio maintained its position in shares of  Owens-Illinois, Inc. (NYSE:OI) during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor  owned 71,145 shares of the industrial products company’s stock at the end of the first quarter. Public Employees Retirement System of Ohio’s holdings in Owens-Illinois were worth $1,450,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. 
Other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently modified their holdings of the company. Baird Financial Group Inc. raised its position in shares of  Owens-Illinois by 1.8% in the first quarter. Baird Financial Group Inc. now owns 26,834 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $547,000 after buying an additional 463 shares during the last quarter.  State Treasurer State of Michigan raised its position in shares of  Owens-Illinois by 0.9% in the first quarter. State Treasurer State of Michigan now owns 65,900 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $1,343,000 after buying an additional 600 shares during the last quarter.  Advantus Capital Management Inc raised its position in shares of  Owens-Illinois by 3.0% in the first quarter. Advantus Capital Management Inc now owns 20,767 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $423,000 after buying an additional 609 shares during the last quarter.  CIBC World Markets Inc. raised its position in shares of  Owens-Illinois by 1.1% in the first quarter. CIBC World Markets Inc. now owns 55,642 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $1,134,000 after buying an additional 627 shares during the last quarter.  Finally, Meeder Asset Management Inc. raised its position in shares of  Owens-Illinois by 2.2% in the first quarter. Meeder Asset Management Inc. now owns 39,967 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $815,000 after buying an additional 854 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own  95.34% of the company’s stock. 


 Get Owens-Illinois Inc. alerts:



Shares of Owens-Illinois, Inc. (NYSE OI) opened at 24.11 on Thursday. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $23.67 and its 200-day moving average is $21.30. Owens-Illinois, Inc. has a 1-year low of $16.80 and a 1-year high of $25.00. The company has a market capitalization of $3.92 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 20.71 and a beta of 1.50. 





Owens-Illinois (NYSE:OI) last announced its earnings results on Monday, April 24th. The industrial products company reported $0.58 EPS for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.53 by $0.05. The business had revenue of $1.60 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $1.58 billion. Owens-Illinois had a net margin of 2.84% and a return on equity of 80.74%. The firm’s revenue was up .8% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the previous year, the company posted $0.48 earnings per share.  Analysts forecast that  Owens-Illinois, Inc. will post $2.51 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Public Employees Retirement System of Ohio Has $1,450,000 Stake in Owens-Illinois, Inc. (NYSE:OI)” was originally  published by Chaffey Breeze and is the property of of Chaffey Breeze. If you are accessing this report on another domain, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of international copyright legislation. The correct version of this report can be read at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/27/public-employees-retirement-system-of-ohio-has-1450000-stake-in-owens-illinois-inc-nyseoi.html. 
OI has been the subject of several research reports. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Owens-Illinois from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $25.00 price target for the company in a research note on Monday, May 15th. BidaskClub upgraded shares of Owens-Illinois from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research note on Thursday, June 29th. Deutsche Bank AG  reiterated a “hold” rating and issued a $24.00 price target (up from $20.00) on shares of Owens-Illinois in a research note on Saturday, April 29th. Jefferies Group LLC  reiterated a “hold” rating and issued a $26.00 price target (up from $20.00) on shares of Owens-Illinois in a research note on Friday, July 14th. Finally, BMO Capital Markets  reiterated a “hold” rating and issued a $20.00 price target on shares of Owens-Illinois in a research note on Friday, April 21st. One analyst  has rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have assigned  a hold rating, two have assigned  a buy rating and one  has issued  a strong buy rating to the company. Owens-Illinois currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $26.00.
About Owens-Illinois
Owens-Illinois, Inc is a manufacturer of glass container products. The Company’s principal product lines are glass containers for the food and beverage industries. The Company’s segments include Europe, North America, Latin America and Asia Pacific. The Company produces glass containers for alcoholic beverages, including beer, flavored malt beverages, spirits and wine.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding OI? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Owens-Illinois, Inc. (NYSE:OI).







Receive News & Ratings for Owens-Illinois Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Owens-Illinois Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 














































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









﻿






























Exactech, Inc. (NASDAQ:EXAC) Releases Q3 Earnings Guidance - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for Exactech Inc.

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Exactech Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

William J. Gervais Sells 20,000 Shares of Qualstar Corporation (QBAK) Stock
Vitamin Shoppe (VSI) Earning Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Analysis Finds
Great Ajax Corp (AJX) Earning Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Analysis Shows
Millennial Media (MM) Getting Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Report Finds
Exactech, Inc. (NASDAQ:EXAC) Releases Q3 Earnings Guidance
Positive Press Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Impact Kopin Corporation (KOPN) Share Price
IDI (COGT) Getting Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Analysis Shows
Esure Group PLC (ESUR) Rating Reiterated by Peel Hunt
Dunelm Group plc (LON:DNLM) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Jefferies Group LLC
Ormat Technologies, Inc. (ORA) PT Set at $67.00 by Cowen and Company
Nordstrom, Inc. (JWN) Given a $42.00 Price Target at Piper Jaffray Companies
Northland Securities Analysts Give Diamondback Energy, Inc. (FANG) a $125.00 Price Target
Rice Midstream Partners LP (RMP) Stock Rating Lowered by TheStreet
MiX Telematics Limited (MIXT) Upgraded by TheStreet to B-
Royal Bank Of Canada Reaffirms “Sector Perform” Rating for ManpowerGroup (MAN)
Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Impact Advanced Semiconductor Engineering (ASX) Share Price
Ethan Allen Interiors Inc. (ETH) Updates FY17 Earnings Guidance
Select Comfort Corporation (SCSS) Announces  Earnings Results
Head-To-Head Comparison: Harvest Natural Resources (HNR) and Diamondback Energy (NASDAQ:FANG)
Head-To-Head Comparison: LifePoint Health (LPNT) & Adeptus Health (ADPT)







Exactech, Inc. (NASDAQ:EXAC) Releases Q3 Earnings Guidance


					Posted by Charlotte Bryant on Jul 27th, 2017 // No Comments




Exactech, Inc. (NASDAQ:EXAC) issued an update on its third quarter earnings guidance on Thursday morning. The company provided earnings per share (EPS) guidance of $0.23-0.25 for the period, compared to the Thomson Reuters consensus estimate of $0.24. The company issued revenue guidance of $60.5-62.5 million, compared to the consensus revenue estimate of $62.78 million.Exactech also updated its FY17 guidance to $1.27-1.31 EPS.
Exactech, Inc. (EXAC) remained flat at $30.50 during midday trading on Thursday. The company had a trading volume of 27,975 shares. The company has a market cap of $436.52 million, a PE ratio of 1270.83 and a beta of 1.03. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $30.29 and its 200-day moving average price is $27.86. Exactech, Inc. has a 12 month low of $22.20 and a 12 month high of $31.90. 


 Get Exactech Inc. alerts:



Exactech (NASDAQ:EXAC) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, April 25th. The medical equipment provider reported $0.34 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.31 by $0.03. The company had revenue of $69.48 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $67.05 million. Exactech had a return on equity of 7.27% and a net margin of 0.13%. Exactech’s quarterly revenue was up 6.4% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period last year, the business earned $0.31 earnings per share.  Equities analysts predict that  Exactech, Inc. will post $1.30 EPS for the current year. 





EXAC has been the subject of a number of recent analyst reports. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Exactech from a sell rating to a hold rating in a research report on Monday, May 1st. TheStreet upgraded Exactech from a c+ rating to a b rating in a research report on Tuesday, April 25th.
In other news, Director William B. Locander sold 988 shares of Exactech stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, May 31st. The stock was sold at an average price of $30.34, for a total value of $29,975.92. Following the sale, the director now directly owns 8,555 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $259,558.70. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, CFO Joel C. Phillips sold 7,610 shares of Exactech stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, May 23rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $30.71, for a total value of $233,703.10. Following the completion of the sale, the chief financial officer now directly owns 99,907 shares in the company, valued at $3,068,143.97. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 28.30% of the stock is owned by insiders. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This piece of content was originally  posted by Chaffey Breeze and is the property of of Chaffey Breeze. If you are accessing this piece of content on another site, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US & international copyright & trademark law. The legal version of this piece of content can be read at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/27/exactech-inc-nasdaqexac-releases-q3-earnings-guidance.html. 
Exactech Company Profile
Exactech, Inc develops, manufactures, markets, distributes and sells orthopedic implant devices, related surgical instrumentation and biologic services to hospitals and physicians. The Company’s segments include knee, hip, biologics and spine, extremity and other products. Its other products segment includes miscellaneous sales categories, such as bone cement, instrument rental fees, shipping charges and other product lines.







Receive News & Ratings for Exactech Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Exactech Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 














































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















Bank of Montreal Can Sells 99,271 Shares of CA Inc. (CA) | Daily Political











































































Home
About/Contact
Columnists
Privacy Policy
























Headlines
Politics
Nation
World
Issues
Economy
Finance




















CA Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily

		Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for CA Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter:



 






Follow DailyPolitical

 
 










Latest News



Gateway Investment Advisers LLC Decreases Stake in Noble Energy Inc. (NYSE:NBL)					

Gateway Investment Advisers LLC Continues to Hold Stake in Deluxe Corporation (DLX)					

Enbridge Inc (NYSE:ENB) Shares Bought by M. Kraus & Co					

Bank of Montreal Can Sells 99,271 Shares of CA Inc. (CA)					

Incyte Corporation (INCY) Position Boosted by Fisher Asset Management LLC					

Stewart Information Services Corporation (NYSE:STC) Stake Boosted by Fisher Asset Management LLC					

Tetra Tech, Inc. (NASDAQ:TTEK) Shares Bought by State of Alaska Department of Revenue					

Lazard Ltd. (LAZ) Position Held by State of Alaska Department of Revenue					

State of Alaska Department of Revenue Purchases 4,669 Shares of Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ:HA)					

National Pension Service Increases Stake in Delta Air Lines, Inc. (DAL)					

TransAlta Renewables Inc (RNW) Declares $0.07 Monthly Dividend					

Tompkins Financial Co. (AMEX:TMP) to Issue Dividend Increase – $0.45 Per Share					

Zacks Investment Research Lowers Newpark Resources, Inc. (NYSE:NR) to Sell					

Intuitive Surgical, Inc. (NASDAQ:ISRG) Earns Overweight Rating from J P Morgan Chase & Co					

Ocado Group PLC’s (LON:OCDO) “Outperform” Rating Reaffirmed at Credit Suisse Group					

Paysafe Group Plc (PAYS) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Canaccord Genuity					

Potbelly Corporation (PBPB) Rating Lowered to Hold at Maxim Group					

UBS AG Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Microsoft Corporation (MSFT)					

Nordic American Tankers Limited (NYSE:NAT) Downgraded by Evercore ISI to “Underperform”					

Deutsche Bank AG Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Esure Group PLC (ESUR)					





 





						Bank of Montreal Can Sells 99,271 Shares of CA Inc. (CA)					

						 July 23rd, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Latisha Jones 


							Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles 







Tweet










Bank of Montreal Can lowered its stake in  CA Inc. (NASDAQ:CA) by 20.8% during the second quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the SEC. The fund owned 378,420 shares of the technology company’s stock after selling 99,271 shares during the period. Bank of Montreal Can owned about 0.09% of CA worth $13,043,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. 
A number of other large investors have also made changes to their positions in CA. Parallel Advisors LLC boosted its position in shares of  CA by 3.4% in the first quarter. Parallel Advisors LLC now owns 3,245 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $106,000 after buying an additional 107 shares during the last quarter.  Acrospire Investment Management LLC boosted its position in shares of  CA by 280.0% in the first quarter. Acrospire Investment Management LLC now owns 3,800 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $121,000 after buying an additional 2,800 shares during the last quarter.  Hefty Wealth Partners boosted its position in shares of  CA by 5,080.4% in the first quarter. Hefty Wealth Partners now owns 5,284 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $167,000 after buying an additional 5,182 shares during the last quarter.  Tompkins Financial Corp boosted its position in shares of  CA by 294.7% in the first quarter. Tompkins Financial Corp now owns 5,387 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $165,000 after buying an additional 4,022 shares during the last quarter.  Finally, Penserra Capital Management LLC boosted its position in shares of  CA by 9.5% in the first quarter. Penserra Capital Management LLC now owns 5,658 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $179,000 after buying an additional 492 shares during the last quarter. 70.62% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. 
CA Inc. (NASDAQ CA) opened at 34.42 on Friday. CA Inc. has a 52-week low of $30.01 and a 52-week high of $36.54. The firm has a market cap of $14.38 billion, a PE ratio of 18.61 and a beta of 0.87. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $33.50 and a 200-day moving average of $32.46. 




CA (NASDAQ:CA) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, May 11th. The technology company reported $0.54 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.49 by $0.05. CA had a return on equity of 17.15% and a net margin of 19.20%. The firm had revenue of $1.01 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $996.59 million. During the same period last year, the company earned $0.60 EPS. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up .3% on a year-over-year basis.  Equities analysts anticipate that  CA Inc. will post $2.38 EPS for the current year. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Bank of Montreal Can Sells 99,271 Shares of CA Inc. (CA)” was  reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another publication, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of international trademark & copyright laws. The original version of this news story can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/07/23/bank-of-montreal-can-sells-99271-shares-of-ca-inc-ca.html. 
CA has been the topic of several recent research reports. FIG Partners raised shares of CA to an “outperform” rating and boosted their price target for the company from $40.00 to $42.25 in a research report on Wednesday, May 3rd. Jefferies Group LLC  reissued a “buy” rating and set a $38.00 price target on shares of CA in a research report on Sunday, May 14th. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of CA from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $38.00 price target on the stock in a research report on Tuesday, July 11th. Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc.  reissued a “market perform” rating on shares of CA in a research report on Friday, May 12th. Finally, DA Davidson cut shares of CA from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research report on Monday, April 10th. Four investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have given a hold rating and five have given a buy rating to the company. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $35.10.
In other CA news, insider Ayman Sayed sold 30,194 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, June 21st. The stock was sold at an average price of $35.62, for a total value of $1,075,510.28. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 168,455 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $6,000,367.10. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through this link. 0.90% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. 
CA Company Profile
CA, Inc (CA) is engaged in providing software solutions enabling customers to plan, develop, manage and secure applications and enterprise environments across distributed, cloud, mobile and mainframe platforms. The Company operates through three business segments: Mainframe Solutions, Enterprise Solutions and Services.






Receive News & Ratings for CA Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for CA Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 
















 Comment on this Post

Click here to cancel reply.



Name (required)

Mail (will not be published) (required)

Website






Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be placed in moderation!




Latest News




Jeff Sessions Spoke of Resigning After Tensions Increase with Trump





President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week





World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump





Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected





Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea














			© DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. 


Privacy Policy |
			About | Columnists 
			| Contact 


























































	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started








































CA (NASDAQ:CA) Stock Price, News & Analysis | MarketBeat






















    























































































CA Company Profile (NASDAQ:CA)



  






Company Profile



Analyst Ratings



Earnings History



Earnings Estimates



Dividend History



Insider Trade



Headlines



Social Media



Chart






About CA (NASDAQ:CA)
CA, Inc. (CA) is engaged in providing software solutions enabling customers to plan, develop, manage and secure applications and enterprise environments across distributed, cloud, mobile and mainframe platforms. The Company operates through three business segments: Mainframe Solutions, Enterprise Solutions and Services. Its Mainframe Solutions and Enterprise Solutions segments comprise the Company's software business organized by the nature of its software offerings and the platform on which the products operate. The Services segment comprises product implementation, consulting, customer education, customer training and application management services. CA's Mainframe Solutions segment consists of various product offerings, including Application Development, Databases and Database Management, Security & Compliance, and Systems and Operations Management. The Enterprise Solutions segment consists of various product offerings, including Agile Management, DevOps and Security. 


Industry, Sector and Symbol:

Sector: Computer and Technology
Industry: Server & Database Software
Sub-Industry: Systems Software
Symbol: NASDAQ:CA
CUSIP: 12673P10
Web: www.ca.com

Capitalization:Market Cap: $12.93 billionOutstanding Shares: 417,813,000Average Prices:50 Day Moving Avg: $33.77200 Day Moving Avg: $32.5152 Week Range: $30.01 - $36.54


P/E:Trailing P/E Ratio: 16.81Foreward P/E Ratio: 12.38P/E Growth: 24.53Sales & Book Value:Annual Revenue: $4.04 billionPrice / Sales: 3.20Book Value: $13.76 per sharePrice / Book: 2.25Dividend:Annual Dividend: $1.02Dividend Yield: 2.9%


Profitability:EBIDTA: $1.26 billionNet Margins: 19.20%Return on Equity: 17.15%Return on Assets: 8.43%Debt:Debt-to-Equity Ratio: 0.49%Current Ratio: 1.24%Quick Ratio: 1.24%Misc:Average Volume: 3.32 million shs.Beta: 0.87Short Ratio: 3.04

 

Frequently Asked Questions for CA (NASDAQ:CA)
What is CA's stock symbol?

CA trades on the NASDAQ under the ticker symbol "CA."



How often does CA pay dividends? What is the dividend yield for CA?

CA announced a quarterly dividend on Tuesday, May 9th. Investors of record on Thursday, May 25th will be given a dividend of $0.255 per share on Tuesday, June 13th. This represents a $1.02 annualized dividend and a yield of 3.30%. The ex-dividend date is Tuesday, May 23rd.  View CA's Dividend History.



How were CA's earnings last quarter?

CA Inc. (NASDAQ:CA) issued its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, May, 11th. The company reported $0.54 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Zacks' consensus estimate of $0.49 by $0.05. The company had revenue of $1.01 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts' expectations of $996.59 million. CA had a return on equity of 17.15% and a net margin of 19.20%. The business's quarterly revenue was up .3% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter last year, the business earned $0.60 EPS.  View CA's Earnings History.



When will CA make its next earnings announcement?

CA is scheduled to release their next quarterly earnings announcement on Wednesday, August, 2nd 2017. View Earnings Estimates for CA.



What guidance has CA issued on next quarter's earnings?

CA issued an update on its FY18 earnings guidance on Thursday, May, 11th. The company provided earnings per share (EPS) guidance of $2.35-2.40 for the period, compared to the Thomson Reuters consensus estimate of $2.46. The company issued revenue guidance of $4.12-4.17 billion, compared to the consensus revenue estimate of $4.04 billion.



Where is CA's stock going? Where will CA's stock price be in 2017?

16 analysts have issued 12-month target prices for CA's stock. Their predictions range from $12.00 to $45.00. On average, they expect CA's share price to reach $34.79 in the next twelve months. View Analyst Ratings for CA.



What are analysts saying about CA stock?

Here are some recent quotes from research analysts about CA stock: 
1. According to Zacks Investment Research, "CA is a leading information technology (IT) management software company. We are optimistic about CA’s acquisition strategy, which has enhanced its IT management, software and services portfolio. Moreover, we believe that the diversity of its products and the increased efficiency offered by them will attract customers across sectors, lending stability to its business model. Additionally, CA’s “go to market” sales strategy integrates the commercial functions of sales, marketing, brand management, pricing and consumer insight, which helps it in lowering costs, thereby improving the bottom line. Nonetheless, intensifying competition from peers, an uncertain economic environment, currency headwinds and the weak IT spending forecast by Gartner are other concerns. Notably, shares of the company has underperformed the broader market over the last one year period." (7/17/2017)
2. Jefferies Group LLC analysts commented, "CA announced the acquisition of privately held Veracode for $614M in cash. Veracode provides SaaS-based application security for integration across the software development lifecycle. The deal value represents about 6.0-8.0x NTM revenue, which we view as reasonable, and discuss in more detail below. We believe providing security at the application level will become even more important over time given the ever increasing distributed nature of IT infrastructures." (3/7/2017)




Are investors shorting CA?

CA saw a drop in short interest in the month of July. As of July 14th, there was short interest totalling 10,119,802 shares,  a drop of 14.0% from the June 30th total of 11,768,105 shares. Based on an average daily trading volume, of 2,256,285 shares, the short-interest ratio is presently 4.5 days. Currently, 3.2% of the company's stock are short sold. 



Who are some of CA's key competitors?

 Some companies that are related to CA include Western Digital Corporation (WDC), Autodesk (ADSK), Infineon Technologies AG (IFNNY), Amphenol Corporation (APH), Fortive Corporation (FTV), DXC Technology Company. (DXC), Kyocera Corporation (KYO), Hoya Corp. (HOCPY), Workday (WDAY), Level 3 Communications (LVLT), Telia Company Ab (TLSNY), Skyworks Solutions (SWKS), Agilent Technologies (A), ServiceNow (NOW), Symantec Corporation (SYMC), Sse Plc (SSEZY), Microchip Technology Incorporated (MCHP) and SK Telecom Co. (SKM).



Who are CA's key executives?

CA's management team includes the folowing people: Arthur F. Weinbach, Independent Chairman of the BoardAyman Sayed, President, Chief Product OfficerMichael P. Gregoire, Chief Executive Officer, DirectorKieran J. McGrath, Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice PresidentAdam Elster, President, Global Field OperationsLauren Patricia Flaherty, Executive Vice President, Chief Marketing OfficerMichael C. Bisignano, Executive Vice President, General Counsel, Corporate SecretaryJacob Lamm, Executive Vice President - Strategy and Corporate DevelopmentPaul L. Pronsati, Executive Vice President - Global Operations and Information TechnologyJens Alder, Independent Director



Who owns CA stock?

CA's stock is owned by many different of institutional and retail investors. Top institutional shareholders include Jarislowsky Fraser Ltd (0.64%), APG Asset Management N.V. (0.61%), State Treasurer State of Michigan (0.20%), NN Investment Partners Holdings N.V. (0.18%), Russell Investments Group Ltd. (0.13%) and Arvest Bank Trust Division (0.10%). Company insiders that own CA stock include Adam Elster, Adrian Frederick Hobkirk, Ayman Sayed, Christopher Cherry, Holding Ag Careal, Jacob Lamm, Lauren Patricia Flaherty, Martin Haefner and Richard J Beckert. View Institutional Ownership Trends for CA.



Who sold CA stock? Who is selling CA stock?

CA's stock was sold by a variety of institutional investors in the last quarter, including Meag Munich Ergo Kapitalanlagegesellschaft MBH, Meeder Asset Management Inc., Bank of Montreal Can, Shell Asset Management Co., NN Investment Partners Holdings N.V., First National Bank of Mount Dora Trust Investment Services, US Bancorp DE and NGAM Advisors L.P..  View Insider Buying and Selling for CA.



Who bought CA stock? Who is buying CA stock?

CA's stock was acquired by a variety of institutional investors in the last quarter, including Arvest Bank Trust Division, APG Asset Management N.V., Denali Advisors LLC, Guinness Asset Management Ltd, Mn Services Vermogensbeheer B.V., Bedrijfstakpensioenfonds Voor DE Media PNO, National Pension Service and Jarislowsky Fraser Ltd.  View Insider Buying and Selling for CA.



How do I buy CA stock? 

Shares of CA can be purchased through any online brokerage account. Popular online brokerages include Vanguard Brokerage Services, TD Ameritrade, E*TRADE, Scottrade, Fidelity and Charles Schwab. 



What is CA's stock price today?

One share of CA stock can currently be purchased for approximately $30.94.


MarketBeat Community Rating for CA (NASDAQ CA)Community Ranking:  2.0 out of 5 ( )Outperform Votes:  287 (Vote Outperform)Underperform Votes:  418 (Vote Underperform)Total Votes:  705MarketBeat's community ratings are surveys of what our community members think about CA and other stocks. Vote "Outperform" if you believe the stock will outperform the S&P 500 over the long term. Vote "Underperform" if you believe the stock will underperform the S&P 500 over the long term. You may vote once every thirty days.


Analyst Ratings
Consensus Ratings for CA (NASDAQ:CA) (How are Consensus Ratings Calculated?) MarketBeat calculates consensus ratings using the most recent rating from each brokerage that has rated a stock within the last twelve months. Since brokers often use different ratings systems, each rating is normalized to a standardized rating score of 1 (sell), 2 (hold), 3 (buy) or 4 (strong buy). Consensus ratings scores are calculated using the mean average of the number of normalized sell, hold, buy and strong buy ratings. Each stock's consensus rating is derived from its calculated consensus ratings score (0-1.5 = Sell, 1.5-2.5 = Hold, 2.5-3.5 = Buy, >3.5 = Strong Buy). MarketBeat's consensus price targets are a mean average of the most recent available price targets set by each analyst that has set a price target for the stock in the last twelve months.MarketBeat will no longer include ratings and price target data in its consensus calculation if a broker drops coverage and MarketBeat has received a report that coverage was dropped. Ratings from certain research firms that issue ratings using purely quantitative methods (such as Zacks, Vetr and ValuEngine) are not included in consensus calculations. MarketBeat's consensus ratings and consensus price targets may differ from those calculated by other firms due to differences in methodology and available data.Ratings Breakdown: 3 Sell Ratings, 8 Hold Ratings, 5 Buy RatingsConsensus Rating:Hold (Score: 2.13)Consensus Price Target: $34.79 (12.44% upside)

Analysts' Ratings History for CA (NASDAQ:CA)

Show:  
Only the Most Recent Rating From Each Brokerage
All Ratings For This Stock


DateFirmActionRatingPrice TargetImpact on Share PriceDetails7/28/2017MizuhoReiterated RatingHold$34.00Low6/28/2017Sanford C. BernsteinReiterated RatingUnderperform$28.00Low6/28/2017Citigroup Inc.Boost Price TargetNeutral$34.00 -> $36.00Low6/22/2017Raymond James Financial, Inc.Reiterated RatingMarket PerformLow6/21/2017Jefferies Group LLCReiterated RatingBuy$38.00Medium5/19/2017DA DavidsonReiterated RatingNeutral$12.00Low5/12/2017Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc.Reiterated RatingMarket PerformLow5/3/2017FIG PartnersUpgradeOutperform$40.00 -> $42.25Low4/17/2017Piper Jaffray CompaniesBoost Price TargetOverweight$42.00 -> $45.00Low3/3/2017Evercore ISIDowngradeHold -> UnderperformN/A1/29/2017Hovde GroupReiterated RatingOutperform$37.00 -> $39.00N/A1/25/2017Barclays PLCLower Price TargetEqual Weight$36.00 -> $35.00N/A1/11/2017Wells Fargo & CompanyInitiated CoverageUnderperformN/A11/30/2016Keefe, Bruyette & WoodsUpgradeMarket Perform -> Outperform$25.00 -> $32.00N/A11/17/2016J P Morgan Chase & CoReiterated RatingHold$35.00N/A8/29/2016Credit Suisse GroupReiterated RatingHold$34.00N/A3/9/2016Standpoint ResearchDowngradeBuy -> Hold$33.00N/A11/20/2015Cowen and CompanyReiterated RatingUnderperform$28.00N/A11/19/2015Royal Bank Of CanadaBoost Price TargetSector Perform$30.00 -> $31.00N/A10/22/2015FBR & CoLower Price TargetMarket Perform$33.00 -> $29.00N/A(Data available from 7/28/2015 forward)


Earnings
Earnings History for CA (NASDAQ:CA)Earnings History by Quarter for CA (NASDAQ CA)DateQuarterConsensus EstimateActual EPSRevenue EstimateActual RevenueRelease LinkConference CallDetails8/2/2017$0.55N/A5/11/2017Q4 17$0.49$0.54$996.59 million$1.01 billionViewN/A1/24/2017Q317$0.61$0.63$1.01 billion$1.01 billionViewN/A10/27/2016Q217$0.57$0.67$1,000.00 million$1.02 billionViewListen7/27/2016Q117$0.61$0.64$982.21 million$999.00 millionViewListen5/11/2016Q416$0.57$0.60$990.06 million$1.01 billionViewListen1/26/2016Q3$0.58$0.63$1,000.00 million$1.03 billionViewListen10/21/2015Q216$0.51$0.56$1.01 billion$1.01 billionViewListen7/23/2015Q116$0.62$0.64$990.13 million$977.00 millionViewListen5/7/2015Q415$0.50$0.56$1.04 billion$1.02 billionViewN/A1/20/2015Q315$0.56$0.67$1.09 billion$1.09 billionViewN/A10/22/2014Q2$0.62$0.65$1.09 billion$1.08 billionViewListen7/23/2014Q115$0.60$0.65$1.09 billion$1.07 billionViewListen5/15/2014Q414$0.58$0.61$1.09 billion$1.11 billionViewN/A1/29/2014Q4$0.14$0.10ViewN/A1/21/2014Q4$0.71$0.20$1.13 billion$1.16 billionViewListen10/24/2013Q214$0.73$0.86$1.11 billion$1.14 billionViewN/A7/24/2013Q1 2014$0.74$0.78$1.10 billion$1.13 billionViewN/A5/7/2013Q4 2013$0.55$0.68$1.14 billion$1.15 billionViewN/A1/22/2013Q3 2013$0.61$0.63$1.17 billion$1.20 billionViewN/A10/25/2012$0.59$0.59ViewN/A7/26/2012$0.61$0.63ViewN/A5/10/2012$0.51$0.56ViewN/A1/24/2012$0.54$0.65ViewN/A10/26/2011$0.49$0.51ViewN/A7/20/2011$0.51$0.55ViewN/A5/12/2011$0.50$0.48ViewN/A1/25/2011$0.49$0.51ViewN/A(Data available from 1/1/2011 forward)


Estimates
Earnings Estimates for CA (NASDAQ:CA)Current Year EPS Consensus Estimate: $2.38 EPSNext Year EPS Consensus Estimate: $2.50 EPS


Dividends
Current Dividend Information for CA (NASDAQ:CA)Most Recent Dividend:6/13/2017Annual Dividend:$1.02Dividend Yield:3.30%Payout Ratio:55.14% (Trailing 12 Months of Earnings)  42.86% (Based on This Year's Estimates)40.80% (Based on Next Year's Estimates)Dividend History by Quarter for CA (NASDAQ CA)AnnouncedPeriodAmountYieldEx-Dividend DateRecord DatePayable Date5/9/2017quarterly$0.263.18%5/23/20175/25/20176/13/20172/1/2017quarterly$0.263.25%2/14/20172/16/20173/14/201711/2/2016quarterly$0.263.32%11/15/201611/17/201612/6/20168/3/2016quarterly$0.263.02%8/23/20168/25/20169/13/20165/4/2016quarterly$0.263.47%5/24/20165/26/20166/14/20162/3/2016quarterly$0.253.55%2/16/20162/18/20163/15/201611/5/2015quarterly$0.253.65%11/17/201511/19/201512/8/20158/6/2015quarterly$0.258/27/20159/15/20158/6/2015quarterly$0.253.44%8/25/20158/27/20159/15/20155/5/2015quarterly$0.253.18%5/26/20155/28/20156/16/20152/5/2015quarterly$0.253.12%2/17/20152/19/20153/17/201511/6/2014quarterly$0.253.33%11/18/201411/20/201412/9/20147/31/2014quarterly$0.253.51%8/19/20148/21/20149/9/20145/15/2014quarterly$0.253.44%5/27/20145/29/20146/17/20142/5/2014quarterly$0.253.16%2/18/20142/20/20143/18/201411/6/2013quarterly$0.253.16%11/19/201311/21/201312/10/20138/1/2013quarterly$0.253.29%8/20/20138/22/20139/10/20135/9/2013quarterly$0.253.67%5/21/20135/23/20136/11/20132/7/2013quarterly$0.254%2/19/20132/21/20133/19/2013(Data available from 1/1/2013 forward)


Insider Trades
Insider Trading and Institutional Ownership History for CA (NASDAQ:CA)Insider Ownership Percentage: 0.90%Institutional Ownership Percentage: 70.74%Insider Trades by Quarter for CA (NASDAQ:CA)Transaction DateInsider NameTitleBuy/SellNumber of SharesAverage Share PriceTotal TransactionDetails6/21/2017Ayman SayedInsiderSell30,194$35.62$1,075,510.28  5/16/2017Ayman SayedInsiderSell674$31.70$21,365.80  6/9/2016Lauren Patricia FlahertyCMOSell182,550$32.76$5,980,338.00  6/3/2016Adam ElsterEVPSell125,513$32.45$4,072,896.85  5/31/2016Martin HaefnerMajor ShareholderSell23,200$37.02$858,864.00  5/27/2016Jacob LammEVPSell98,401$32.04$3,152,768.04  12/3/2015Adam ElsterEVPSell11,845$28.50$337,582.50  11/20/2015Holding Ag CarealMajor ShareholderSell22,000,000$26.56$584,320,000.00  10/29/2015Christopher CherryDirectorSell452,000$0.05$22,600.0010/9/2015Adrian Frederick HobkirkDirectorBuy2,000$0.04$82.2010/8/2015Adrian Frederick HobkirkDirectorBuy10,000$0.04$400.009/8/2015Adrian Frederick HobkirkDirectorBuy5,000$0.07$325.008/21/2015Richard J. BeckertCFOSell70,402$28.49$2,005,752.98  7/22/2015Adrian Frederick HobkirkDirectorBuy1,000$0.06$63.006/30/2015Adrian Frederick HobkirkDirectorBuy3,000$0.12$360.006/25/2015Adrian Frederick HobkirkDirectorBuy2,000$0.07$140.006/16/2015Jacob LammEVPSell5,595$29.80$166,731.00  4/15/2015Adrian Frederick HobkirkDirectorBuy5,000$0.07$350.004/14/2015Adrian Frederick HobkirkDirectorBuy1,000$0.08$80.004/13/2015Adrian Frederick HobkirkDirectorBuy5,000$0.07$325.004/10/2015Adrian Frederick HobkirkDirectorBuy10,000$0.06$600.004/8/2015Adrian Frederick HobkirkDirectorBuy3,000$0.08$240.003/31/2015Adrian Frederick HobkirkDirectorBuy5,000$0.06$300.002/18/2015Adrian Frederick HobkirkDirectorBuy5,000$0.06$300.002/14/2014Neil MannaCAOSell2,000$32.95$65,900.00  1/28/2014Jacob LammEVPSell6,577$32.24$212,042.48  1/23/2014Amy Fliegelman OlliEVPSell90,822$33.67$3,057,976.74  12/16/2013Amy Fliegelman OlliEVPSell9,700$32.22$312,534.00  10/28/2013George J FischerEVPSell65,562$31.25$2,048,812.50  9/16/2013Amy Fliegelman OlliEVPSell10,812$30.62$331,063.44  8/19/2013Adam ElsterEVPSell1,738$30.45$52,922.10  8/8/2013Adam ElsterEVPSell60,929$30.72$1,871,738.88  8/2/2013George FischerEVPSell84,315$30.38$2,561,489.70  7/24/2013Jacob LammEVPSell18,800$30.02$564,376.00  6/25/2013Jacob LammEVPSell15,566$27.33$425,418.78  6/14/2013Jacob LammEVPSell8,181$28.47$232,913.07  6/7/2013Jacob LammEVPSell15,000$28.17$422,550.00  5/22/2013Jacob LammEVPSell20,098$27.44$551,489.12  5/20/2013Jacob LammEVPSell5,217$27.75$144,771.75  5/17/2013Adam ElsterEVPSell11,828$27.39$323,968.92  5/14/2013Jacob LammEVPSell77,225$27.15$2,096,658.75  5/13/2013George J FischerEVPSell5,479$26.80$146,837.20  5/10/2013George J FischerEVPSell11,750$27.00$317,250.00  9/4/2012Jacob LammEVPSell54,857$25.95$1,423,539.15  (Data available from 1/1/2013 forward)


Headlines
Headline Trends for CA (NASDAQ:CA)


Latest Headlines for CA (NASDAQ:CA)


Source:


All Sources
Trusted Sources
MarketBeat.com
Bloomberg
MarketWatch
Motley Fool
NASDAQ
Reuters
Seeking Alpha
The Street
The Wall Street Journal
Yahoo Finance




DateHeadlineMizuho Reiterates "Hold" Rating for CA Inc. (CA)www.americanbankingnews.com - July 28 at 4:39 PMCA Inc. (CA) Short Interest Updatewww.americanbankingnews.com - July 28 at 2:21 AMMid-Afternoon Market Update: NASDAQ Down 1%; LendingTree Shares Spike Higher - Benzingawww.benzinga.com - July 27 at 4:15 PMWhy Shares of CA Inc. Dropped Today - Motley Foolwww.fool.com - July 27 at 4:15 PMBMC Software ends merger talks with peer CA: sourcefinance.yahoo.com - July 27 at 4:15 PMBMC Software ends merger talks with CA Inc -Dow Jonesfinance.yahoo.com - July 27 at 4:15 PMCA Stock Sliding as BMC Software Merger Talks Endfinance.yahoo.com - July 27 at 4:15 PMWhy Shares of CA Inc. Dropped Todayfinance.yahoo.com - July 27 at 4:15 PMCan Facebook Inc. Hit It Big with Television?www.baystreet.ca - July 27 at 3:53 AMCA Inc. (NASDAQ:CA) to Release Quarterly Earnings on Wednesdaywww.americanbankingnews.com - July 26 at 7:56 AMCaterpillar Inc. (CAT) Climbs on Q2 Figureswww.baystreet.ca - July 25 at 4:49 PMVail Resorts, Inc.: Time to Take Profits or Let Them Ride?www.fool.ca - July 24 at 11:58 AMCalifornia Inc.: Fed expected to signal likelihood of September rate hikewww.latimes.com - July 24 at 11:58 AMCA Inc. (NASDAQ:CA) Receives Average Recommendation of "Hold" from Analystswww.americanbankingnews.com - July 24 at 10:54 AM10 Dividend Stocks Increasing Payouts — Including DUK, PPG, STT, MMP, CAG, SHLXinvestorplace.com - July 24 at 5:42 AMMarapharm Ventures Inc. 'Marapharm' Announces Progress in Californiawww.prnewswire.com - July 21 at 6:31 PMCan Rogers Communications Inc.’s Impressive Streak Continue?www.fool.ca - July 19 at 6:01 PMSeeman Holtz Property & Casualty, Inc. Continues Its Southern California Expansion with Another Acquisitionwww.prnewswire.com - July 19 at 6:01 PMGlobal Study Reveals 80 Percent of Businesses Missing Out on Full Benefits of Continuous Testingfinance.yahoo.com - July 19 at 6:01 PMForm 4 BANC OF CALIFORNIA, INC. For: Jul 14www.streetinsider.com - July 19 at 4:28 AMKona Gold Solutions, Inc. Becomes Vendor of Elliott’s Natural Foods in Californiawww.nasdaq.com - July 18 at 11:25 PMMedia Alert: CA Technologies to Host 2017 Annual Meeting of Stockholdersfinance.yahoo.com - July 18 at 6:23 PMWhy Alphabet is getting ready to unleash millions of mosquitoes in Californiawww.bizjournals.com - July 17 at 5:16 PMCA Inc. (CA) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Researchwww.americanbankingnews.com - July 17 at 2:12 PMIs Bombardier, Inc. About to Miss Another Delivery?www.fool.ca - July 17 at 12:20 PMCA Inc. (NASDAQ:CA) Sees Significant Drop in Short Interestwww.americanbankingnews.com - July 15 at 7:04 AMMedical Marijuana, Inc. Subsidiary Kannaway® Announces Exclusive Red Carpet Event in Orange County, CAwww.prnewswire.com - July 13 at 5:57 PMCA Technologies Announces a New Goal to Reduce GHG Emissions 40 Percent by 2030finance.yahoo.com - July 11 at 5:52 PMCalifornia Inc.: Disney confab to offer glimpse of new 'Star Wars' attractionwww.latimes.com - July 10 at 4:53 PMWhy Best Buy Co Inc (BBY), Abercrombie & Fitch Co. (ANF) and Cara Therapeutics Inc (CARA) Are 3 of Today’s Worst Stocksinvestorplace.com - July 10 at 4:48 PMWhy Canon Inc (ADR) (CAJ), RH (RH) and Devon Energy Corp (DVN) Are 3 of Today’s Worst Stocksinvestorplace.com - July 7 at 5:05 PM$998.42 Million in Sales Expected for CA Inc. (NASDAQ:CA) This Quarterwww.americanbankingnews.com - July 7 at 11:34 AMWhy Lassonde Industries Inc. Is My Top Idea for Julywww.fool.ca - July 6 at 6:09 PMWEISSLAW LLP: Staples Inc. Acquisition May Not Be in the Best Interests of SPLS Shareholderswww.bizjournals.com - July 6 at 6:09 PMMedia Alert: CA Technologies Announces Conference Call and Webcast of First Quarter Fiscal Year 2018 Resultsfinance.yahoo.com - July 6 at 6:09 PMZacks: Brokerages Anticipate CA Inc. (NASDAQ:CA) Will Post Earnings of $0.52 Per Sharewww.americanbankingnews.com - July 5 at 8:28 PMPenumbra, Inc. Promotes Daniel Davis to Chief Commercial Officerwww.bizjournals.com - July 5 at 5:37 PMRebateRealty.ca: A true One Stop Shop experiencewww.bizjournals.com - July 5 at 2:18 AMCalifornia Inc.: Hollywood hopes Spider-Man does whatever a spider canwww.latimes.com - July 3 at 4:55 PMETFs with exposure to CA, Inc. : July 3, 2017finance.yahoo.com - July 3 at 4:55 PMBidaskClub Lowers CA Inc. (NASDAQ:CA) to Sellwww.americanbankingnews.com - July 1 at 6:57 PMJULY 3 DEADLINE: Lundin Law PC Announces a Securities Class Action Lawsuit against KBR, Inc. and Encourages Investors with Losses to Contact the Firmwww.bizjournals.com - July 1 at 3:02 AMWhy Cara Therapeutics Inc (CARA) Stock Is Plunging Todayinvestorplace.com - June 30 at 12:39 PMCA Inc. (CA) Rating Reiterated by Citigroup Inc.www.americanbankingnews.com - June 28 at 11:40 PMCA Inc. (CA) Earns Underperform Rating from Sanford C. Bernsteinwww.americanbankingnews.com - June 28 at 9:52 PMCA Technologies Recognized for Addressing Cloud, Container and DevOps Challengesfinance.yahoo.com - June 28 at 4:53 PMLamps Plus Launches Canadian E-Commerce Website – LampsPlus.cawww.businesswire.com - June 28 at 2:44 AMOncolytics Biotech® Inc. Opens U.S. Based Office in San Diegowww.bizjournals.com - June 27 at 4:21 PM4 Excellent Value Picks Based on PEG Ratio (UL, NEP, REGI, CAI)investorplace.com - June 27 at 9:49 AMCA Inc. (CA) Receives Consensus Rating of "Hold" from Analystswww.americanbankingnews.com - June 27 at 9:26 AM


Social





Chart
CA (CA) Chart for Friday, July, 28, 2017




This page was last updated on 7/28/2017 by MarketBeat.com Staff































































Spark Investment Management, LLC - Recruiting Process





































Spark




Menu





 




Recruiting Process
We’d like to tell you how to maximize your opportunities in our three step recruiting process. We receive thousands of resumes each year. We review each one and pick the best candidates for a handful of positions.
First, you need to apply. Study the position descriptions, pick out the position most appealing to you, and follow the application instructions.
Only a small number of applicants are invited to the second stage, screening interviews.  The type of questions asked and the interview process will vary by position but may include several phone interviews and the chance to interview with senior management.
Spark targets hiring 50% of the select group of applicants who advance to the third stage. Candidates in this elite group will have the opportunity to speak with most of our current staff in-house.  Details about these later steps will be tailored to and discussed with the candidate as s/he moves further in the process.

































Spark Investment Management, LLC - Job Opportunities





































Spark




Menu





 




Opportunities
Spark’s people are distinguished both by outstanding ability and high standards. Each individual at Spark takes on great responsibility as every position has a significant impact on the bottom line. While every position is different, because of our business strategy all positions share certain characteristics:

Intellectual and creative work on a daily basis.
Potential for geometric increases in production as your skills advance.
An opportunity for significant growth based on performance.

We provide the opportunity, engagement, responsibility, and remuneration that makes Spark rewarding for every team member. Job descriptions which contain compensation figures represent first-year total compensation for elite undergraduates. Compensation may be higher for candidates with outstanding qualifications, an advanced degree, or relevant experience. Successful candidates will be expected to earn significantly more as time goes on.
If you’re interested in joining our team but won’t have the opportunity to meet us on campus, you may apply online.
Open Positions

Strategic Planning


Corporate Strategist


Quantitative Trader


Legal and Financial Analyst


Strategic Development


Quantitative Strategist


Two-Week Internships

















Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version

































Disclaimer - Spark































Spark




Menu








Click here if you AGREE
I understand that the information on this website is not for investment purposes, and I agree not to use it for investment purposes.


Enter Site →

							Important Disclosures & Terms of Use
							
Spark Investment Management LLC operates this website solely to provide general information to qualified employment candidates and counterparties. The information on this website is not an offer to, or solicitation of, any potential clients or investors for the provision of investment management, advisory or any other related services. None of the information or materials contained on or accessible through this website should be construed as providing any type of investment or other advice, nor should it be construed as a solicitation, recommendation, endorsement or an offer to sell, or the solicitation of an offer to buy, any securities or other financial products.




Spark Investment Management LLC operates this website solely to provide general information to qualified employment candidates and counterparties. The information on this website is not an offer to, or solicitation of, any potential clients or investors for the provision of investment management, advisory or any other related services. None of the information or materials contained on or accessible through this website should be construed as providing any type of investment or other advice, nor should it be construed as a solicitation, recommendation, endorsement or an offer to sell, or the solicitation of an offer to buy, any securities or other financial products.

























SPARK INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT LLC Institutional Portfolio - NASDAQ.com































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search






















Home > 
	Quotes > 
	Ownership & Insider Trades > 
    Institutional Portfolio






SPARK INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT LLC






150 EAST 58TH STREET, NEW YORK,  New York, 10155, (212) 826-3709


Report Date: 06/30/2017

Position Statistics


Total Positions
963


New Positions
160


Increased Positions
331


Decreased Positions
463


Positions with Activity
794


Sold Out Positions
210


Total Mkt Value (in $ millions)
1,661



Institutional Holdings information is filed by major institutions on form 13-F with the Securities and Exchange Commission.



Sector Weighting



Energy
3.25%


Basic Materials
7.5%


Industrials
11.1%


Consumer Cyclicals
17.87%


Consumer Non-Cyclicals
5.26%


Financials
6.64%


Healthcare
26.91%


Technology
19.82%


Telecommunication Services
0.39%


Utilities
1.1%









Total Positions




New




Increased




Decreased




Activity




Sold Out






963 Positions as of 06/30/2017


Company

Class

Value of Shares ($1,000s) ▼

Change in Value ($1,000s)

Change (%)

Shares Held



CHEMOURS CO
COM
23,167

New
492,700


CELGENE CORP
COM
19,157
3,823
24.93
142,800


WELLCARE HEALTH PLANS INC
COM
17,458

New
97,500


SCIENTIFIC GAMES CORP
CL A
16,146
1,668
11.52
424,900


VIRTU FINL INC
CL A
14,466
1,394
10.66
887,500


GILEAD SCIENCES INC
COM
13,305

New
177,500


GODADDY INC
CL A
12,744
-1,327
(9.43)
293,900


IROBOT CORP
COM
12,334
-10,840
(46.78)
117,200


VERTEX PHARMACEUTICALS INC
COM
12,198
6,216
103.92
78,100


ADVANSIX INC
COM
12,138
8,775
260.97
357,000


AMERISOURCEBERGEN CORP
COM
11,867

New
127,900


AVEXIS INC
COM
11,711
3,731
46.76
131,200


DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC
COM CL V
11,664
11,664
New
183,600


TECK RESOURCES LTD
CL B
11,603
9,201
383.19
546,000


FERRARI N V
COM
11,330

New
108,900


BIO RAD LABS INC
CL A
11,268

New
47,400


PAREXEL INTL CORP
COM
11,097
-3,542
(24.19)
126,900


LOGITECH INTL S A
SHS
10,800
-1,049
(8.86)
301,600


VIAVI SOLUTIONS INC
COM
10,756
-5,052
(31.96)
979,600


SPARK ENERGY INC
CL A COM
10,655
-256
(2.35)
507,400




<< first< previous1234510203040next >last >>








Latest News Headlines




                            Willis Lease Finance Commits to Offering of $335.7 Million in Fixed Rate Notes
                        



	                     4:50PM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                




                            CGG: announces the approval of the draft safeguard plan by creditors' committees in France
                        



	                     4:30PM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                




                            Assembly Biosciences Reports Inducement Grants under NASDAQ Listing Rule 5635(c)(4)
                        



	                     4:30PM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                




                            Prudential Bancorp, Inc. Announces Third Quarter Fiscal 2017 Results
                        



	                     4:30PM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                




                            Codelco sees slightly lower copper output in second quarter
                        



	                     4:26PM ET  - Reuters
	                





View All Latest Headlines



































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX


































