








The Cable Center - JC Sparkman




































  BACK TO PAST HONOREES

JC Sparkman
Chief Operating Officer, TCI, Retired











 
 
 
 




J.C. Sparkman joined cable equipment manufacturer Jerrold Electronics in 1959. Ten years later, he joined the operations department at Tele-Communications Inc., when the company served 56,000 cable subscribers. During his 26 years with TCI, he oversaw cable operations, construction of new networks and expansion of existing networks as the company grew through acquisition. For several years during Sparkman's tenure, TCI doubled in size every 18 months. He was named Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer in 1987, serving in these positions until 1995. He was a member of the TCI board of directors from 1996-1999. By then, TCI was the nation's largest cable MSO, serving 18.5 million customers.
In 1999, Sparkman co-founded Broadband Services, Inc., a provider of asset management, logistics, installation and repair services for telecommunications service providers and equipment manufacturers. He served as Co-CEO and Chairman of the company's board until 2003.
Sparkman has held numerous board positions within the cable industry. He currently serves on the boards of Shaw Communications, Liberty Global PLC, and Universal Electronics, Inc. He previously held board positions with On Command Corporation; TSX Corporation; Liberty Media International, Inc.; Comcast Cable Holdings LLC; UnitedGlobalCOM, Inc.; DMX Inc.; and United Video Satellite Group.
.
  





Click below to open the entire past honorees listing.
Past Honorees Menu





Oral History Project
Oral History: JC Sparkman 2001

 
 
 
 







Latest News
Visit our media center


Map & Directions
How to find us

info@cablecenter.org
Phone: 720.502.7500

Contact Us
Contact us by department






About Us


Media Room
Board of Directors
Honorary Board of Directors
Cable Center Staff
Rent The Center
Contact Us
Social Media
Support The Center
Explore The Center



Cable History


The Hauser Oral History Project
Featured Articles
The Barco Library
Cable TV Pioneers
Exhibits
Three Generations Photo Gallery
Cable History Timeline
Cable History Book



Academic Community


Senior Fellows
Vision
The Barco Library 
Program Archives
International Connections



Cable Today & Tomorrow


Innovation
Customer Care Central
The Barco Library 
Cable Connects Us
Connecting With Students
Impact on Society and Culture



Cable Hall of Fame


Meet The Honorees
Bresnan Ethics in Business Award
Bresnan Ethics in Business Award Honorees
Past Honorees
Honorees by Name
Media Gallery
CHOF Exhibit




Copyright 2017  The Cable Center - All rights reserved powered by The Cable Industry
The audited statement of financial position and statement of activities, along with the governing organizational documents, are available upon request. 

 




HomeAbout UsMedia RoomBoard of DirectorsHonorary Board of DirectorsCable Center StaffRent The CenterSocial MediaContact UsSupport The CenterMap & DirectionsNewslettersCable HistoryThe  Hauser Oral History ProjectThe Barco LibraryCable TV PioneersVirtual Reality ExhibitExhibitsThree Generations Photo GalleryCable History TimelineCable History BookAcademic CommunitySenior FellowsVisionThe Barco Library Program ArchivesInternational ConnectionsOne Day ImmersionCable Today & TomorrowInnovationCx CentralThe Barco Library Cable Connects UsConnecting With StudentsImpact on Society and CultureDevelopment of DOCSISCable Hall of FameMeet The Honorees2017 CelebrationHonoree ExhibitPast HonoreesBresnan Ethics in Business AwardHonorees of Bresnan Ethics in Business AwardMedia Gallery


   J.C. Sparkman | Broadband Services Inc | ZoomInfo.com

J. C. Sparkman: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 22, 2017 3:42 AM ET
Commercial Services and Supplies

Company Overview of Broadband Services, Inc.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
J. C. Sparkman  Co-Founder and Chairman, Broadband Services, Inc.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 5 Board Members in 5 different organizations across 7 different industries.See Board Relationships85--
Background

		Mr. J. C. Sparkman serves as Director at United International Holdings, Inc. Mr. Sparkman is Co-Founder and Chairman at Broadband Services, Inc. He has been Independent Director at Universal Electronics Inc. since 1998. He has been an Independent Director at Shaw Communications Inc. since 1994. He serves as Independent Director at Liberty Global plc. He previously served as Director at Comcast Cable Holdings, LLC. He previously served as Director at TSX Corporation. ... He previously served as Director at On Command Corporation.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
8822 South Ridgeline BoulevardHighlands Ranch, Colorado 80126United StatesPhone: 303-346-7800Fax: 303-346-7801
Board Members Memberships
DirectorUnited International Holdings, Inc.Co-Founder and ChairmanBroadband Services, Inc.1994-PresentIndependent DirectorShaw Communications Inc.1998-PresentIndependent DirectorUniversal Electronics Inc.2005-PresentIndependent DirectorLiberty Global plc
Education
				There is no Education data available.
				Other Affiliations
United International Holdings, Inc.Universal Electronics Inc.Shaw Communications Inc.Comcast Cable Holdings, LLCTSX CorporationOn Command CorporationLiberty Global plc


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Broadband Services, Inc., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





































































LBTYA J. C. Sparkman Insider Trades for Liberty Global PLC Cl A


































Bulletin






Investor Alert





















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Liberty Global PLC Cl A

                  NASDAQ: LBTYA
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Liberty Global PLC Cl A



After Hours
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 21, 2017, 6:04 p.m.


LBTYA

/quotes/zigman/17863374/composite


$
32.92




Change

0.00
0.00%

Volume
Volume 17,315
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/17863374/composite
Previous close

$
			33.03
		


$
				32.92
			
Change

-0.11
-0.33%





Day low
Day high
$32.75
$33.08










52 week low
52 week high

            $28.17
        

            $37.69
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




J. C. Sparkman



Mr. J. C. Sparkman is Independent Director at Liberty Global Plc, Independent Director at Liberty Global, Inc., Independent Director at Universal Electronics, Inc., Independent Director at Shaw Communications, Inc., and a Director at Liberty Global. He is on the Board of Directors at Liberty Global Plc, Liberty Global, Inc., Universal Electronics, Inc., and Shaw Communications, Inc.
Mr. Sparkman was previously employed as Chairman by Broadband Services, Inc. and Chief Operating Officer & Executive Vice President by Telecommunications, Inc. He also served on the board at LGI International, Inc. and Liberty Media International, Inc.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





06/21/2017
300


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0 per share.


0


06/21/2017
150


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0 per share.


0


06/21/2017
1,718


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0 per share.


0


06/21/2017
859


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0 per share.


0


06/14/2017
1,045


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $16.98 per share.


17,744


06/14/2017
1,835


 
Disposition at $20.25 per share.


37,159


06/14/2017
1,310


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $18.99 per share.


24,876


06/14/2017
525


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $17.1 per share.


8,977


06/14/2017
31,361


 
Disposition at $28.52 per share.


894,416


06/14/2017
10,456


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $15.59 per share.


163,009


06/14/2017
20,905


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $14.79 per share.


309,184


06/14/2017
10,500


 
Disposition at $29.45 per share.


309,225


06/14/2017
5,479


 
Disposition at $19.88 per share.


108,923


06/14/2017
1,304


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $19.55 per share.


25,493


06/14/2017
2,608


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $18.55 per share.


48,378


06/14/2017
522


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $17.88 per share.


9,333


06/14/2017
10,500


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $15.79 per share.


165,795


06/16/2016
57


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0 per share.


0


06/16/2016
28


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0 per share.


0


06/16/2016
1,158


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0 per share.


0


06/16/2016
579


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0 per share.


0


06/25/2015
1,472


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0 per share.


0


06/25/2015
736


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0 per share.


0


06/07/2013
18,376


 



0


06/07/2013
18,330


 



0


09/01/2012
7,804


 
Gift at $0 per share.


0


09/01/2012
7,804


 
Gift at $0 per share.


0





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Dr. John C. Malone 
Chairman




Mr. Michael Thomas Fries 
Vice Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer




Mr. Charles Henry Rowland Bracken 
Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President




Mr. Balan  Nair 
EVP, Chief Technology & Innovation Officer




Mr. Diederik  Karsten 
Chief Commercial Officer & Executive VP




Ms. Michelle L. Keist 
Vice President




Ms. Yasemin  Arik 
Vice President-Mergers & Acquisition




Mr. Eric J. Tveter 
Chief Executive Officer-Central Europe Group




Mr. Robert M. Leighton 
Senior Vice President-Programming




Mr. Emanuel  Kohnstamm 
Chief Policy Officer & Senior Vice President




Mr. Andrea  Salvato 
Chief Development Officer & Senior Vice President




Mr. James  Ryan 
Chief Strategy Officer & Senior Vice President




Mr. Jason  Waldron 
Chief Accounting Officer & Senior Vice President




Mr. Rick G. Westerman 
Senior Vice President-Investor Relations




Mr. Matt  Beake 
Head-Corporate Communications




Mr. Oskar  Nooij 
Investor Relations Contact




Ms. Amy M. Blair 
Chief Human Resources Officer & Senior VP




Mr. Bryan H. Hall 
Secretary, Executive VP & General Counsel




Mr. David E. Rapley 
Independent Director




Dr. Richard R. Green 
Independent Director




Mr. Paul Alan Gould 
Independent Director




Mr. Andrew J. Cole 
Independent Director




Ms. Miranda T. Curtis 
Independent Director




Mr. John W. Dick 
Independent Director




Mr. J. David Wargo 
Independent Director




Mr. J. C. Sparkman 
Independent Director




Mr. Larry E. Romrell 
Independent Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




3:42 AM EDT
July 22, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
8:34pCharges dropped after ‘London Whale’ accused Jamie Dimon of making him a fall guy
7:41pGoodbye, Sean Spicer: Memorable Moments From the Podium  
7:18pHow to Fix Wall Street, and Bankers' Pay
6:59pAmazon, Whole Foods look to head off lengthy deal review
6:45pHawaii adopts emergency plan for North Korea missile attack
6:24p California Wildfire Destroys Homes Near Yosemite
6:20pSpicer Quits as Scaramucci Accepts White House Job
6:20pWhy you shouldn’t order ice on a flight, and other ‘dirty little secrets’ 
6:09pIf you’re reading this, you have a 19.3% chance of being rich
6:07p5 unfortunate reasons why millennials can’t have nice things (or save any money)
6:06pThis is the deadliest time of your life to put on weight
6:06pIf, like Sean Spicer, you suddenly walk out — what should you do next?
5:37pA History of Sears: Through Highs and Lows
5:13pAre you a money bully?
5:10pHow real-estate TV shows determine what home buyers look for and what to do if you decide to quit your job like Sean Spicer
5:07pBREAKINGWall Street's 'fear gauge'--the VIX--just logged its second-lowest close in history
5:06pWhy it might be time to invest in the companies Amazon is destroying
5:06pThis is what should really worry you about stocks
5:04pBeware of the curse of the number 7 in the stock market 
5:00pS&P 500, Nasdaq post weekly gains as stock market finishes session lower
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,580.07

-31.71
-0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,387.75

-2.25
-0.04%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.54

-0.91
-0.04%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15

























































403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.






Sparkman For Sale | Promotional









 









Promotional Awesome Products













Sparkman For Sale
Shop Sparkman now - Compare prices for Sparkman on sale from Ebay. Buy Sparkman now!
Search












YUGIOH ELEMENTAL HERO JADEN YUKI DECK FLAME WINGMAN AVIAN SPARKMAN STRATOS

$69.99






MF03-EN0041X ELEMENTAL HERO SPARKMANPARALLEL RAREVLPNMREAL PICSWRONGWAY052

$199.98






Elemental Hero Nova Master + Heat +  Sparkman + Polymerization - Yugioh

$34.99






Elemental Hero Nova Master + Heat +  Sparkman + Miracle Fusion - Yugioh

$34.99










STEVE SPARKMAN - Harlan County Five String  CD Autographed? Free Shipping

$54.99






HOW IT BEGAN original cartoon art PAUL BERDANIER SPARKMAN & MIRRORMAN artist  

$49.00






Sparkman and Stephens : The Classic Modern Yacht (2002 Hardcover)

$65.00






Sparkler #44 1945-United Feature-Tarzan-Rex Maxon-Sparkman-Capt Tootsie-G+

$54.00










CGC GRADED 4.5 - SPARKLER COMICS #1 - KEY GOLDEN AGE - SPARKMAN ORIGIN - 0741 

$585.00






Time Magazine  August 111952  John Jackson Sparkman  GREAT VINTAGE ADS  

$129.95






The Art of Manipulation by R. B. Sparkman 1979 HBDJ

$395.00






The Art of Manipulation by R.B. Sparkman - Hardcover The Dial Press 1978

$997.00










Yugioh Elemental Heros Special Edition Theme Deck With DVD And Sparkman Variant

$39.99






STEVE SPARKMAN & CLINCH MOUNTAIN BOYS - Smith Ridge: Tribute to Stanley Style

$54.75






LOT OF VINTAGE  POLITICAL PINS TAFT FDR HARDING DUKAKIS PEROT SPARKMAN BUSH

$85.00






Sparkler #1 July 1941 GVG Sparkman Tarzan

$374.95










Sparkler Comics #1 (Jul 1941 United Features) GD- 1.8 1st Sparkman

$350.00






SPARKLER #52 1946-UNITED FEATURES-NANCY-ERNIE BUSHMILLER-TARZAN-SPARKMAN-vg+

$43.20






1952 JOHN SPARKMAN VICE PRESIDENT ALABAMA ADLAI STEVENSON AUTHENTIC ON CARD

$35.99






Original 1952 Stevenson Sparkman campaign pinback button

$35.00










UNUSUAL 1952 STEVENSON & SPARKMAN "ADLAI FOR ME" CALIFORNIA CAMPAIGN BUTTON

$124.98






Sparkman High School Toney Alabama ROTC Patch

$33.59






Journeys with the Senator Signed by Ivo Sparkman 1977 1st Ed with Dust Jacket

$40.00






Electricity and Controls for HVAC-R by Stephen L. Herman Ron Sparkman and...

$109.95










1985 & 1986 Sparkman High School Senators Football Programs Huntsville AL 

$39.99






1952 Adlai Stevenson  John Sparkman DNC Campaign Leaflet + Window Sticker

$39.95






You Are First: The Story of Olin and Rod Stephens of Sparkman & Stephens 1978

$64.99






Glance at the East over the Senator's Shoulder Signed by Ivo Sparkman 1966 1st

$35.00










JOHN J. SPARKMAN - TYPED LETTER SIGNED 03121947

$136.00






Sparkman & Stevens THE SAILORS GAME 1986 SEAMANSHIP YACHTSMAN RARE OOP

$45.00






The Sparkman Incident by Dennis O'Neill (2003 Hardcover)

$36.95






88 Years With Sarah Polk by Jimmie Lou Sparkman Claxton

$40.00










JOHN J. SPARKMAN - TYPED LETTER SIGNED 01161974

$136.00






1952 AUGUST 19 NEW YORK TIMES - SPARKMAN SEES A SOLID SOUTH - NT 4513

$45.00






JOHN J. SPARKMAN - PHOTOGRAPH SIGNED

$204.00






1986 The Sailor's Game Trivia Board Game Complete Sparkman Stephens Nautical HH

$36.81










Payne Sparkman Hoffman Enclosure Box 1S700-M-HL-JB-T A8066CH *FREE SHIPPING*

$34.99






INTRODUCTION TO MASS SPECTROMETRY - WATSON J. THROCK SPARKMAN O. DAVID - NEW 

$120.49






PAYNE SPARKMAN 1S100-M-HL-JB-T w HOFFMAN A8066CH ENCLOSURE *USED*

$34.00






LAMAR SPARKMAN Professionally Framed FISHING LITHOGRAPH Boca Grande Pass Fishing

$299.99










GOLDEN AGE OF COMICS SKETCH SPARKMAN SAMSON MARTINEZ

$34.99






ELECTRICITY & CONTROLS FOR HVACR - HERMAN STEPHEN L. SPARKMAN RON - NEW PAPE

$74.85






The Sailors Game Vintage Trivia 1998 Sparkman & Stephens EUC Pewter Sailboats

$45.99






PAYNE SPARKMAN CO. 2F040-M-JB *NEW NO BOX*

$175.00










Payne Sparkman Hoffman Enclosure Box A-8066CH AC-5340 *FREE SHIPPING*

$49.99






Two Cemetery Plots - Sparkman Hillcrest Memorial Park Dallas Texas

$17,000.00






PAYNE SPARKMAN HOFFMAN ENCOLSED BOX BALLAST 1S100-M-HL-JB-T A8066CH ~ NEW NOS

$44.96






Payne Sparkman ICL400S-M1-RR-JB2 Weatherproof Ballast 250VDC 1.9A

$250.00










STEPHEN L. HERMAN BENNIE SPARKMAN - Electricity and ** Very Good Condition **

$54.75






NEW The Sparkman Incident by Dennis O'Neill Hardcover Book (English) Free Shippi

$45.26






PAYNE SPARKMAN ENCLOSED BALLAST 1S100-M-HL-JB-T ~ NEW NOS

$129.96






PAYNE SPARKMAN CL400S-ND-WG DOME LIGHTING FIXTURE W WIRE GUARD ***NNB***

$75.00










The Sparkman Incident by Dennis O'Neill Paperback Book (English)

$33.16






Harold D. Stump et al. Petitioners v. Linda Kay Sparkman and Leo Sparkman. U.S

$47.18






Lucy J. by Jan Sparkman Hardcover Book (English)

$39.42






SPARKMAN JOHN P. - Foundation Mares: How Outstanding Female Families Shaped

$94.95










Willard Wirtz (d 2010) & John Sparkman (d 1985) signed autograph FDC Politicians

$115.00






The Missouri Trail by Jan Sparkman Hardcover Book (English)

$38.41






Electricity and Controls for HVAC-R Sparkman Bennie Herman Stephen L. New B

$86.87






USED Payne Sparkman ICL400S-M1-RR-JB2 Weatherproof Ballast 250VDC 1.9A

$230.00












Sparkman
						Our Sparkman are designed to instill a sense of elegance and awe. Our Sparkman  can create a historical feel and dramatic effect, needless to say they are durable & secure. Contact us for any questions.					

Recently Sparkman Sold

Lightning GolemNoble Knight Artorigus UltraMiracle FusionSparkman YugiohMorton WashingtonBubblemanElemental Hero SparkmanSparkySparkler ComicsReinforcement Of The ArmyFly SocietyDragonball Z Season 8Spark NanoPlasma Ignition







Other Items Sparkman

Pigskin Work Gloves
Charger Slot Car
Hasbro Beyblade Striker
Abrupt Decay Mtg
Tin Toy Airplane
Ben 10 Figures
Rc Helicopters Large
Lego Princess Castle
Rc Electric Boats
Quartz Microscope Slides
Horse Plush Pillow
Kitchen Stepping Stool
Duke Blue Devils
Ultimate Soldier Stuka
Ideal Toys Direct
Swiss Army Tinker
Dji 450 Flamewheel
Charmander Plush Doll
Lego Lot 1000
Lego Nxt Wheels
Baldwin Sharknose Survivors
Nitro Plane Engine
Ace Hardware Store
15 Doll Clothes
Cobalt Drill Bits
Marvel Legends Iceman
Davy Crockett Costume
Descente Bib Shorts
Knuckles Sonic Dangler
Ho Athearn Sd40-2
Booster Packs Vanguard
Real Flight Simulator
Counting Beads Bracelet
N Scale Store
Olive Wood Board
Battlestar Galactica Figure
California Raisins Lamp
Kidkraft Dollhouse Annabelle







Privacy Policy | Contact Us | Copyright (c) 2017 - Sparkman 



 


Doug Sparkman | Professional Profile
 


























 









LinkedIn



















































Main content starts below.




Doug SparkmanChief Operating Officer, BP Fuels, North AmericaLocationGreater Chicago AreaIndustryOil & EnergyCurrentBPPreviousBP, Marathon Petroleum Company, Marathon Petroleum CorporationEducationLouisiana State University89 connectionsView Doug’s full profile. It's free!Your colleagues, classmates, and 500 million other professionals are on LinkedIn.View Doug’s Full ProfileSummaryDoug Sparkman is the Chief Operating Officer for Fuels, North America — BP America’s refining, retail and pipeline business that spans the U.S. and employs nearly 5,000 people.Doug serves as chairman of the BP Products North America Board of Directors and is a member of the BP America Board of Directors. He was recently appointed chair of the American Petroleum Institute’s Downstream Committee. Based in Chicago, Doug serves on the board of trustees for the Museum of Science and Industry and is a member of World Business Chicago.ExperienceChief Operating Officer - Fuels, North AmericaBP2014  –  Present (3 years)Greater Chicago AreaCurrently oversee a portfolio of refineries in Blaine, Washington (Cherry Point), Toledo, Ohio (BP-Husky joint venture) and Whiting, Indiana, as well as a network of crude oil, natural gas and petroleum products pipelines across the country. I also oversee supply, marketing and distribution for more than 7,000 BP- and ARCO-branded retail stations reaching nearly 3 million consumers per day.  BP is an integrated oil and gas company. The company operates in two business segments: Exploration and Production, and Refining and Marketing. Its Exploration and Production segment is responsible for its activities in oil and natural gas exploration, field development and production; midstream transportation, storage and processing, and the marketing and trading of natural gas, including liquefied natural gas, together with power and natural gas liquids. Its Refining and Marketing segment is responsible for the refining, manufacturing, marketing, transportation, and supply and trading of crude oil, petroleum, petrochemicals products and related services to wholesale and retail customers. The segment comprises three main businesses: fuels, lubricants and petrochemicalsStrategic Performance Unit Leader, East of Rockies Fuels Value ChainBP2010  –  2014 (4 years)Accountable for delivering safe operations while also managing the financial performance for the business by optimizing integrated commercial performance for the Fuels Value Chain as a whole.The US East of Rockies Fuels Value Chain is BP's largest downstream strategic performance unit, which includes refineries, US pipelines and logistics, marketing, sales, and supply organizations. Senior Vice President Transportation & LogisticsMarathon Petroleum Company2007  –  2009 (2 years)Toledo, Ohio AreaResponsible for the operation of all transportation assets (pipelines, terminals, barge fleet, trucking fleet), Marketing and Transportation Engineering and Product Quality. Member of the MPC Executive Team.Refinery ManagerMarathon Petroleum Company2001  –  2006 (5 years)Huntington, West Virginia AreaVarious Roles in Engineering, Sales, Operations and Refinery ManagementMarathon Petroleum Corporation1979  –  2001 (22 years)United StatesMarathon Petroleum Corporation (Marathon Petroleum) is engaged in refining, transporting and marketing petroleum products in the United States. The Company's refining, marketing and transportation operations are concentrated in the Midwest, Gulf Coast and Southeast regions of the United States. These include a six-plant refining network, a terminal and transportation system, and wholesale and retail marketing operations. This includes both the Marathon Brand and Marathon Petroleum’s wholly owned retail marketing subsidiary, Speedway LLC and operated retail gasoline and convenience stores.EducationLouisiana State UniversityBachelor of Science (B.S.), Chemical EngineeringBachelor of Science (B.S.), Chemical Engineering1975  –  1979University of Pennsylvania - The Wharton SchoolWharton Advanced Management ProgramWharton Advanced Management ProgramView Doug’s full profile to...See who you know in commonGet introducedContact Doug directlyView Doug’s Full ProfileNot the Doug you’re looking for? View moreView this profile in another languageEnglishGermanPeople Also ViewedCraig BealmearMichael PlanconAlex MuirHead of Procurement North America Downstream at BPMichelle LarsonDirector, Marketing Services at BPEdward ShahadyCrude and Refined Product Supply and Logistics Manager at BPBrian DrzewieckiProcurement Director Global Refining at BPKaren DouglasDonna SankerChief Marketing Officer at BP Fuels North AmericaLuis SierraCEO - Global Aromatics at BPPublic profile badgeInclude this LinkedIn profile on other websitesView profile badgesFind a different Doug SparkmanFirst NameLast NameExample:  Doug SparkmanDoug SparkmanSparkman's Magic - Corporate Speaker and EntertainerUnited StatesDoug Sparkman--United StatesMore professionals named Doug SparkmanLinkedIn member directory:abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyzmoreBrowse members by country






























J. C. Sparkman 2001 Oral and Video History







































   BACK TO ORAL HISTORIES
J. C. Sparkman
Interview Date: Thursday July 19, 2001Interview Location: Denver, CO  USAInterviewer: Paul MaxwellCollection: Hauser Collection






 
 
 
 










MAXWELL: Hi. I'm Paul Maxwell with The National Cable Center. We're here today with the Gus Hauser Oral History Project for the National Cable Television Center and Museum in Denver. We're interviewing J. C. Sparkman today.To start, I'd like to ask J. C. to clarify a couple of things for us like, what does J.C. stand for.SPARKMAN: Just J. C. I don't have a name.MAXWELL: You don't have a name?SPARKMAN: I came from a poor family. We couldn't afford first names.MAXWELL: That's good. Well, when did you get into cable television?SPARKMAN: In 1956.MAXWELL: You had been in the Air Force if I remember.SPARKMAN: Yes, I was in the Air Force.MAXWELL: That's when they threw you out?SPARKMAN: I was discharged October 14, 1956, and I went into the cable television business October 15, 1956.MAXWELL: Where was that?SPARKMAN: Lewiston, Idaho.MAXWELL: Were you from Idaho?SPARKMAN: No. I grew up in eastern Washington.MAXWELL: So it wasn't far away.SPARKMAN: It wasn't far away.MAXWELL: who did you go to work for there?SPARKMAN: A company called A&J Distributing.MAXWELL: A&J Distributing. They were a cable company?SPARKMAN: We actually sold material to cable customers as well as actually building cable systems throughout the Idaho, Montana, and Washington area.MAXWELL: What did A&J stand for?SPARKMAN: Alan and James, I believe.MAXWELL: Alan and James?SPARKMAN: Not me. That wasn't mine.MAXWELL: Not a presand is those days?SPARKMAN: No, it was not.MAXWELL: How long were you there?SPARKMAN: Three years.MAXWELL: Three years? That taught you the cable business both from, I assume the standpoint of how to build it plus a little bit of how to run it.SPARKMAN: Yes, how to build them, how to run them, and also how to finance them.MAXWELL: Which, if I remember right, in those days was the critical element.SPARKMAN: The critical element.MAXWELL: A large number of companies got started by supplying and taking the risk at the same time.SPARKMAN: Exactly.MAXWELL: So what happened to A&J?SPARKMAN: A&J subsequently went out of business at a later time after I left. It moved into some things other than cable, and they didn't work out for them.MAXWELL: And where did you go from there?SPARKMAN: I actually ended up with Jerrold.MAXWELL: Which was doing much the same thing at that time, right?SPARKMAN: Exactly. Yes.MAXWELL: How old was Jerrold when you joined it?SPARKMAN: Oh, I don't know – probably ...MAXWELL: I'm trying to remember when Milt [Shapp] started it.SPARKMAN: Me too. I think probably maybe 7 – 8 years old, maybe 10.MAXWELL: So this was '59 or 60 when you joined.SPARKMAN: Actually, indirectly, I was with Jerrold [sic] until '65 and then I joined Jerrold in '65.MAXWELL: Jerrold, for hose who might not be familiar, was the first major manufacturer of items that made a cable system work.SPARKMAN: Exactly.MAXWELL: At Jerrold, did you have the Western territory or what did you do for them?SPARKMAN: I was working in the Western territory. My first job – I had an office in Portland, Oregon and then I moved from Portland, Oregon to the San Francisco Bay area with Jerrold. Then I moved to Kansas City to take over the regional job in Kansas City. It's one of those – I bought a house in Kansas City that we never moved into. The evening after my wife and I had closed on the house and she was on her way back to San Francisco, I received a call from Jim Forgy who was my boss. Jim asked me to move to Philadelphia. At that point in time, Jerrold owned a house in Kansas City and I moved to Philadelphia. But I never bought a home in Philadelphia.MAXWELL: Milt was still running the company then, wasn't he?SPARKMAN: No. By this time, Bob Beissinger was running the company. At that point in time was the time that they sold the company to General Instruments.MAXWELL: And that was Monty Shapiro, right?SPARKMAN: Monty Shapiro – yes. When they sold it to General Instruments, John Malone was brought in by Monty Shapiro from Mackenzie to figure out how to make Jerrold a profitable company for General Instruments. Then John was hired to run general Instruments. That's about the time I joined TCI.MAXWELL: GI had other businesses in those days.SPARKMAN: Yes.MAXWELL: Half a dozen, if I remember.SPARKMAN: Yes, several, including gaming for the race tracks and the chip business and so on.MAXWELL: You also had ... Weren't they one of the patent holders on TV tuners?SPARKMAN: No.MAXWELL: Or was that later when they picked up somebody?SPARKMAN: No, that was not General Instruments, that was ... gosh, I can't say the name right now. I'll think of it.MAXWELL: Think of it. Yell it out when you think of it. I was confused on ... Did they make them under patent then?SPARKMAN: They made them under a patent, yes.MAXWELL: Right, because I remember seeing GI tuners at some point that I remembered.SPARKMAN: Yes. Bill Hamlin was the man that owned the patent on converters, which we subsequently picked up, an acquisition in TCI which goes down the road a little ways.MAXWELL: That's interesting. John always looked for opportunities, we do know that.SPARKMAN: Yes, yes.MAXWELL: So how long were you in ... Did you follow John to TCI or did you ...SPARKMAN: No. I came to TCI about the same time that John came on board at GI. I came in '69, and I believe John came in '72.MAXWELL: I remember when John came in '72.SPARKMAN: Of course I knew John all that time. So I joined TCI in 1969.MAXWELL: I think when I first met you in about 1970 or so. Bob Magness, of course, created TCI and was running it. If I remember, you were in operations with Bill Brazeel.SPARKMAN: Yes.MAXWELL: That's right, because I remember I think Bill first introduced me to you in those days.SPARKMAN: Yes. When I first came on board at TCI, Bill Brazeel – I worked for Bill Brazeel or with Bill Brazeel actually. At the time I came on board in 1969, TCI had 56,000 cable subscribers.MAXWELL: And how many subscribers did TCI when you finally sold it to AT&T?SPARKMAN: I believe directly and indirectly in the 18.5 million.MAXWELL: What's the compound growth rate of that? I wonder what it is. We'll have to work that backwards.SPARKMAN: A lot.MAXWELL: A lot.SPARKMAN: An awfully lot.MAXWELL: When I first met the TCI folks, I met Bob and you guys, it was almost a family business or it felt like that with the way Bob ran it. Betsy was here, and you were just beginning to show some growth in those days by accumulating other systems.SPARKMAN: Yes. We bought a few systems. I think our first large acquisition was the systems of Foot, Cone, and Beldon which included Pueblo and several other areas. From there we just kept going.MAXWELL: It never did slow down, did it?SPARKMAN: Actually there was a time in 1971 – 1972 when it slowed down considerably. It was a time like, frankly, quite like we're experiencing today except there were some other factors that were even worse than we are today. There was no money to be borrowed. The credit lines had all dried up. The interest rates were climbing at an astronomical rate.MAXWELL: 18%, 19%, and 20%.SPARKMAN: 18% - 20% interest rates. As a matter of fact, there was one point in time when our interest payments at TCI were more than our total income, which was very difficult to run a company that way.MAXWELL: I can imagine. Was John here by then?SPARKMAN: That was about the time John came on board to help us see if we could straighten it out. Anyway, we prevailed through all of that, and fortunately the bankers were, in most cases, cooperative. Therefore, we grew through that. Then by 1979, we had grown to about 550,000 cable subscribers.MAXWELL: For people who don't know today, in those days cable systems were relatively small, scattered, not so urban, and they weren't what they are today which is everybody subscribing to television.SPARKMAN: Practically no urban systems, as a matter of fact. I think, at that point in time, if you did the average cable system, they were somewhere in the neighborhood of 1,500 – 2,000 subscribers. I think today's average is up in the 8,000 – 9,000 to give a kind of thumbnail of what it was then versus now.MAXWELL: That sounds right.SPARKMAN: They were small systems. We were a small system cable operator, mainly in the Mountain Time zone for many years until we started expanding off.MAXWELL: You did some of the early things to connect those systems, too. I can't remember the name of the microwave company.SPARKMAN: Western Microwave.MAXWELL: Western Microwave.SPARKMAN: That was done by Bob Magness actually prior to both John and I coming on board. Bob Magness and Larry Romrell actually were the two who put the microwave systems across Wyoming and Montana, mainly to bring the Salt Lake City signals to Montana which frankly made the systems in Montana and Wyoming very, very successful operations. They were key to the operations of those systems.MAXWELL: Where was the first system ... Were you out of the Denver headquarters the whole time?SPARKMAN: Yes.MAXWELL: So you had operational authority. You ran operations, in effect.SPARKMAN: Yes I did.MAXWELL: And made sure that things got installed, that systems got upgraded, and so on. It must have been interesting going from the ... I do remember an early TCI system I saw that was sort of "left over". No it wasn't. It was a TelePrompTer one, one of the few they had up in Montana that had paired wire still, three channels.SPARKMAN: That's what we call open wire cable. There's an interesting story on the side line on that. In Vernal, Utah where TCI owned the cable system, we had an open wire line running ... It was very low resistance and the signal would go along ways without amplification. Anyway, we also ran power up them, and we had 440 so we could get enough amperage. A horse got in it and was killed. We always talked about the horse we owned at TCI. It was rather an expensive horse.MAXWELL: I'll bet that was an expensive horse!SPARKMAN: But, yes, the open wire cable was used in a lot of cable systems, especially in the mountain areas because they would put antennas on top of the mountains and run the open wire cable off, not as low as fiber, but pretty low loss. Therefore they could run it a long ways.MAXWELL: There wasn't a lot of interference in the air in those days.SPARKMAN: No there were not a lot of TV stations out there, so it worked well.MAXWELL: I bet changing that stuff out was fascinating.SPARKMAN: Very fascinating.MAXWELL: The construction effort of moving ... Cable has a history of having a capacity level. It gets filled. The capacity grows. It gets filled. The capacity grows. It's always that ying yang of content versus the conduit you've been putting in the fields and into people's homes, so that must have been an interesting thing to watch.SPARKMAN: Very much so. When I first became involved, if we could get three channels, mainly the networks – the three networks existed at that point in time in the '50s – if we could get the three channels on a cable system, we felt we had all the service we needed and we would ever need. I've said that many times in my time in the cable industry. Frankly, the amplification, unlike what they are now, Jerrold had what we called strip amplifiers. Each of them were single channel. You would come into the amplifiers, then go into each individual one, and then come out the other end, marry them back together, and go on down the line. It was an interesting way of building a cable system. You couldn't go very far between amplifiers.MAXWELL: No, I bet not.SPARKMAN: At that time we used what was called coax cable and not the coax cable that we've used in the last 25 years. The loss factors in it were very high.MAXWELL: Were they not shielded the same?SPARKMAN: They were shielded the same, just a different configuration that frankly they just didn't have the ... The loss was much higher. We would actually go into the customer's home with what we called a pressure tap. We'd clamp a device around the cable and screw in a tap. It would go in and touch the center conductor. You'd hook a piece of 59 and run it into the house. It was very simple, but it worked well.MAXWELL: Not like today.SPARKMAN: As a matter of fact, there was a point in time, for many years - and this is what I think was one of the things that caused the cable industry to start growing – was that for the first time in the development of an industry, the rural areas were getting more television service than the metro areas. For a long time, as you have lived in the Denver area for a long time, you'll recall there was only three channels in Denver, period. Finally an independent then a few more channels came on. But you would go to Wyoming and they would have channels out of Denver, channels out of Utah, and on and on. So they had a lot to choose from comparatively speaking.MAXWELL: We called those distance signals in those days. One of the things that continually has happened to the cable industry is Washington finds us every once in awhile. One of those things was the distance signal rules that came in the early '70s, '74, '75.SPARKMAN: Early '70s. Exactly.MAXWELL: I don't remember for sure, but I remember that we had leap frog. The rules were arcane and very interesting.SPARKMAN: Yes. As a matter of fact, it was another move, frankly, by competition and government. To back up just a moment – the cable industry, at the time, was thought of in Washington DC as a bunch of rebels and cowboys.MAXWELL: In Bob Magness' case it was true.SPARKMAN: It was true.MAXWELL: He was a cowboy.SPARKMAN: But they really kept trying to find ways to stifle us. They'd throw a rock on the road and we'd either go over it or go around it. The broadcast industry, which in retrospect if they had thought it through would have owned the cable industry from the get-go, they decided to fight it rather than to join it. By the fact that they pressured the government into making rules to stifle cable, in turn they stifled themselves because of the rules, they were unable to own cable in their own cities. Therefore, it left the door open for companies like TCI to go in. It was a matter of time until public pressure said "There will be no more of this controlling signals." Therefore, via microwave, we had brought the Los Angeles signals, for example, all the way into New Mexico, all the way into Colorado. There was a lot of services being moved around. It was a matter of being able to deliver the things to the people they wanted to watch – sports, movies, and so forth. It worked out well.MAXWELL: It changed viewer habits, that's for sure.SPARKMAN: Certainly.MAXWELL: Importation and the moving around of the independent signals especially began the deterioration of the ruling by the networks. That's for sure.SPARKMAN: Exactly. The independent stations ...The one that really helped us move into the next level of cable was Ted Turner with TBS out of Atlanta. When he put that on satellite, ... There's an interesting story. When Ted was trying to raise the money to put this on satellite and move it around the nation, he was going around making presentations to all of the major MSOs at the time. He came into our office, and he had been to several others before he got there and been turned down. He started his presentation to us. He was into his presentation, and we knew what the value of an imported independent, and especially an independent with sports on it, would be. So we were very interested in getting into this with Ted.MAXWELL: Did he have the Braves all the way back then?SPARKMAN: Yes he did. He had the Braves and the Hawks.MAXWELL: But he didn't own them but they had a license.SPARKMAN: He had a license for them and a license that he could move anywhere. He could take them anywhere.MAXWELL: Right. There was no restriction.SPARKMAN: Exactly. So anyway, about half way through his presentation, he had himself so worked up, as you know Ted – he was walking around the room and we were wearing out the swivel in the chairs following him. Ted says, "The hell with you. I'll do it myself." Then he walked out.MAXWELL: Didn't even finish the presentation?SPARKMAN: Didn't even finish he presentation. He said, "The hell with you guys. I'll do it myself." And he did.MAXWELL: And he was right.SPARKMAN: And he was right. There can be people critical of Ted, but I think Ted a big, big factor in helping build the cable television industry. Then when he gets into CNN, I mean, ...MAXWELL: It changed the world.SPARKMAN: It changed the world.MAXWELL: It did. Of course, he followed Jerry Levin at HBO up on the satellite.SPARKMAN: Yes he did.MAXWELL: You knew he once owned the wrong satellite.SPARKMAN: I'm aware of that.MAXWELL: You're very aware of that, I'm sure.SPARKMAN: I'm aware of that one, yes.MAXWELL: But that's a whole different story.SPARKMAN: Yes.MAXWELL: Not for here. When HBO came along, it changed the dynamics of how you could package and deliver programming. I know you remember all the different crazy ideas about pay TV in those days.SPARKMAN: Yes.MAXWELL: Can you talk about some of those?SPARKMAN: Pay TV was a, first of all the most difficult thing was how we were going to control it. We could put it on the cable, and we could deliver it to all the homes, but delivering to the specific homes who were going to pay for became a big technical problem. So we developed traps. We developed a lot of things. But the HBO going on satellite, ... I think it's worth mentioning, I think that most people forget that actually Chuck Dolan was the one who started HBO.MAXWELL: Yes. Nobody really forgets that.SPARKMAN: Frankly I don't know the processes of how it happened to end up as it did with Time. But HBO was really the beginning of the differential between cable and regular broadcast television. Very frankly, HBO really terrified not only the broadcasters but Hollywood. So it brought us an entirely new political enemy, if you will, in the sense that Hollywood was afraid that it was going to kill all the theaters. It did have some impact, I'm sure.MAXWELL: It did. It had an impact as it would come to towns, on movie ticket sales. It actually did.SPARKMAN: Yes. It actually did. So that's when specific rules started being set up by the producers in Hollywood in the sense that they would not release anything to HBO until it had gone through its entire theatrical presentations and so forth and so on. Even then, it was a big, big service for us. We started launching HBO in - I can't remember the exact year. But when we started launching HBO, we were launching at least one, sometimes three, systems a week. For the first year we launched, I was at every launch. It was a killer, but it really worked well.MAXWELL: All those 10 meter dishes are ...SPARKMAN: Yes, yes.MAXWELL: I helped put the one in at Vero Beach with Dick Jackson.SPARKMAN: The first one we put in was in Minot, North Dakota. It was the beginning, to me, of the really legitimacy of cable in the sense of public opinion. No one could say that the only thing we survived on was signals we stole from the broadcasters. That was used so many times, and even one of our past vice presidents and presidential candidates made statements about how the cable industry was stealing it even from the satellite because he forgot that the private industry put up the satellites. But anyway that was another issue.MAXWELL: In dealing with customers in those days, because up till then you were delivering what people in big cities took as a given – television signals – so people weren't against paying or anything, but it was always a problem of value versus what you're charging. HBO changed those economics radically.SPARKMAN: They changed them radically. For an example, even when HBO became a factor, when they started, our monthly service fees in Montana, for example, were in the $4 - $5 range. We had some systems that were $3.50 a month per subscriber. Clearly, it doesn't take an economic genius to figure out that you don't do a lot of work and upgrades on that kind of income. When HBO came along, we were charging, in some cases, more for HBO on a per month basis than we were for all the other channels.MAXWELL: If I remember, it started at $5.95 and $6.95, right?SPARKMAN: Yes. And so subsequently it became a value issue with some of our customers because, for example, we'd have 10 channels on a system that we were charging $5 a month for. We'd bring HBO in and we'd want to charge $6.95 a month for. People would say, "Well, how can you charge that much for one channel when we get ten channels for this?" Very frankly, as a marketing ploy, I started raising the price in some of the plants, and I'd raise the price far enough on the basic service that my HBO penetration would go up because it no longer became a value issue.People, in some cases, ... I shouldn't say people – I think cities – and for political reasons, would continually talk about us charging for signals that were free. And they are free if you take them off the air.MAXWELL: If you deliver them to the house ...SPARKMAN: If you can't get them off the air and you have to deliver them to the house, then they would never acknowledge the fact that we spent money on the wires and cable and maintenance on the cable, and on and on and on. It was a political issue more so for the politicians than the people.MAXWELL: I think we were all seeing that.SPARKMAN: I've been to many, many city public hearings on rates and whatever, and have one or two people in the room. The first thing I always did when I was able to ask the people questions who were testifying, I would ask if they were a cable subscriber. You would find the majority of the time they weren't – the ones who were complaining about the rates – which was rather interesting.MAXWELL: That is interesting. That's a very interesting point.One of the things, ... By the way, it was '75 when the satellite went up.SPARKMAN: That's right.MAXWELL: And rolled out that fall, the first ones, which was a lot of fun actually in those days. It was bringing space age to small towns. You got a lot of mileage off that kind of positioning. But all that time, TCI was growing.SPARKMAN: We were growing. And through that time, and from the time the satellite, we started acquiring companies, not on the basis that we acquired when we were ... after '80 – which I'll get to in a moment. But we were acquiring, we'd fix the ones we would acquire, and then when we got that one so that we had it, we would go borrow money on that one and go buy another one.MAXWELL: Right.SPARKMAN: In 1979 at the Anaheim Cable Show, that was the first year that there was a lot of programmers who showed up.MAXWELL: Right. That is the first year.SPARKMAN: So John and I had many, many meetings at that show, and companies that we talking ??? We were on the way to an investors meeting at about 6:30 AM to be there at 7:00. John said, "Are you seeing what I'm seeing?" I said, "John, we got a choice." He said, "We got a choice. Either we get big or get out." So we never went tot he meeting. We went back to the hotel, checked out, came back to Denver and had a meeting with Bob and presented Bob with what we thought. Bob agreed. At that time we had 550,000 cable subscribers in round numbers. We took off. My words to John and Bob and Donn Fisher were, "If you guys can buy them and finance them, I can fix them." So we started doubling the size of the company every 18 months, and we did that for several years.MAXWELL: The 80's were when CNN launched.SPARKMAN: That's right.MAXWELL: And that's when MTV launched.SPARKMAN: That's right.MAXWELL: The value proposition for the customers changed too.SPARKMAN: Changed dramatically. If you recall MTV launch, it was a free service till we got everybody hooked. Then they started ... not "we got everybody" till they got all the cable operators hooked. Then they started charging us big time. But that was another issue. We started buying several companies and getting systems in larger and larger towns. Then in the 80's with the satellite issue, the early 80's, the franchising frenzy started. I will tell you that we at TCI applied for most of them. We won virtually none because we were somewhat practical in our approach. When we would lose we would generally celebrate for losing because some of those franchises, people bet the farm on.MAXWELL: I know. You also learned a lot about each of the cities while you were scouting them.SPARKMAN: Exactly.MAXWELL: In the years as cable grew and the politicians paid attention here or there and other times, I remember in particular an incident that you and Bill Brazeel actually allowed me to tag along on. It turned out to be one of the more infamous events in cable's history. But cities got into the habit of demanding more and more and more. TCI wasn't very happy about just going along to get along always. Can you tell me about the famous turn off?SPARKMAN: Yes. You're talking about Vail.MAXWELL: Right.SPARKMAN: Yes. Actually what happened, the city of Vail demanded certain things in the franchise.MAXWELL: It was up for renewal, right?SPARKMAN: It was up for renewal, but it wasn't quite expired yet, but it was up for renewal. It was totally impossible, economically, to work with what they wanted to do. So we said, "We cannot do that." So the city council called a city council meeting and without public hearing, without any due process, cancelled our franchise. The lawyers came into my office and said, "You can't operate that system in the state of Colorado without a franchise. It's against the law." So I said, "Fine. We'll take care of that." That's when Bill Brazeel and I and you left for Vail. This was in mid-afternoon. I had some technicians meet me at the headend. Actually what we did is ... At that time we had a weather scan and we put a card on the weather scan saying "If you wonder why your cable system is turned off, call the city manager or the major." And we put their phone numbers there. We putt that on all channels. Then we shut the system off, and it was just ten minutes into the movie Bullitt. Then you and Bill and I proceeded to go downtown to have dinner and waited.MAXWELL: We didn't wait long.SPARKMAN: We didn't wait long until the mayor came storming into this place looking for us.MAXWELL: I think we had our drinks just served when John Dobson came.SPARKMAN: Yes. I said to him as you probably recall, "We cannot operate a cable system without a franchise in the state of Colorado. Until you reissue us a franchise, we can't turn the system back on." He said, "I'm giving you your franchise back." I said, "I don't think you can do that." That was on a Friday, I believe. The system was off over the weekend. Monday they called an emergency council meeting and gave us our franchise back, and we turned the system back on.MAXWELL: But they missed a Broncos game on that Sunday which caused enormous consternation in the Vail Trail, the paper.SPARKMAN: Yes, yes. It was not something that we wanted to do. It was something that created problems later with new rules out of the FCC and whatever. There was a complete over-reaction by a lot of people, but no one wanted to listen to the fact of why we couldn't operate in the state of Colorado without the proper authority. We had no authority to operate there. So we had no choice but to shut it off.MAXWELL: We did have a good dinner though.SPARKMAN: It was a good dinner.MAXWELL: That's going into cable's lore these days. I remember we did a big spread on it in TV & Communications Magazine, the trade journal that I worked for back in those days. It was an interesting experience. But legally, there was simply no question. Right or wrong, the city council yanked the franchise.SPARKMAN: That's exactly right.MAXWELL: They thought they were holding that over your head.SPARKMAN: Right.MAXWELL: It turned out the other way around.SPARKMAN: Some people need to think where they're going sometimes, I guess. And the other side of it too is that we didn't always do everything right in the cable. But that was one where I felt totally right and had no choice - the only system we ever shut off actually.MAXWELL: It's the only one that ever did get shut off.SPARKMAN: Yes, yes.MAXWELL: ... for reasons like that. Channels have been yanked before, recently even. But that was an interesting time. I must say that Vail wasn't quite as antagonistic after it got back on. And you guys did spend some money upgrading there.SPARKMAN: Of course we did. We brought some more signals in via microwave because they decided that maybe if we were going to do all those things, we should have a rate commensurate with what we were doing. So they did that properly. Then they got everything they wanted. As I told them many times when we were trying to get the franchise, "We'll do anything you want. You just have to pay for it."MAXWELL: An interesting concept.SPARKMAN: Yes, very interesting concept.MAXWELL: As you were acquiring a lot of companies in those years, I remember one that you got from, as we fondly called him in Golf & Devour, which was from Golf & Western, Charlie Bludhorne would go in this direction for awhile and change. You picked up a company called Athena, which you reminded me of the name. But that had a great second act.SPARKMAN: the second act was a big, big help to TCI. Actually we paid, I don't remember the exact figure, but something like $15 - $20 million for the Athena properties. They had some good properties. It turned out to be very good properties later. Anyway, in the archives of that, Athena had been the owner of some Resorts International stock. When there was allowed to be casinos built in New Jersey, Resort International ended up with one of the franchise for building a casino in New Jersey. That stock, which was worthless at one time, all of a sudden became worth about $35 million. That was a big, big, big life to TCI at a time when we needed the cash. It gave us the opportunity to move on down the road and buy some more.MAXWELL: That was a serendipitous piece of acquisition in that case.SPARKMAN: Yes, it was – very much so.MAXWELL: So in the 80's you mentioned that TCI began almost doubling every 18 months or so, sort of like Moore's Law for cable in those days. That must have been an interesting thing to try to assimilate all those different companies.SPARKMAN: It was devastating sometimes. It was a time when, frankly, I would go many, many weeks at a time without a day off because as we would buy these companies, we would go in. I had what I called a transition team made up of some very, very good operating people. We would go in and we would do whatever necessary changes to bring them into what we called the TCI family fold and TCI policies. We would move very quickly. Sometimes we were closing as many as two companies a week. Therefore it really was a hard time. But we were able to accomplish it and frankly we paid anywhere from 8 – 12 times the cash flow of the companies, buying them through those times.My job was to make sure that within six months time, they looked like we paid under five times cash flow for them. We were able to accomplish that with the team I had in every case except one – that was the Storer acquisition. As you are aware, that was a different kind of a structure and frankly it took about 15 months to get that there. But with that, we were able to build a base in TCI that was very solid, a very solid company with solid fuel management. We clearly did not have enough people to go into every acquisition and change all the people out. Generally, the only people that left were the top people. The other people we were able to convince tem that they would have a better life with us doing it the way we did it. We had, as you're aware, a very, very strong, happy group of people at TCI. They worked very hard. They built an incredible company.MAXWELL: You did another thing in those years too. You created some partnerships with some damn good operators too.SPARKMAN: Yes we did.MAXWELL: This allowed you to jointly control some cost that helped everybody. But some very, very good cable operators were involved in that. One of them that comes to mind is Bill Bresnan.SPARKMAN: Yes.MAXWELL: As you know, Bill Bresnan is a very, very dear friend of mine. I've had a great deal of respect for Bill ...SPARKMAN: He's about to be back.MAXWELL: - I know - ... since the time when he was running the system in California, in Palm Springs. But anyway, when Bill left American Cablevision, when they sold out, he came to us and we partnered with Bill and Bill was a good operator. It was just a matter of ... because Bill did it all. He did a good job. We had a lot of partners in that light. When we felt that we were stretched far enough, management-wise, for awhile till we needed to catch up, that we would move into the partnerships to grow. It worked out very well.MAXWELL: It did really.SPARKMAN: Yes.MAXWELL: Some of the companies involved, I know, were big contributors to the whole culture of the place. So when you were still at TCI, you retired ...SPARKMAN: Six years ago.MAXWELL: Six year ago. The Bell Atlantic, you were still there then weren't you?SPARKMAN: Yes.MAXWELL: You watched that fall apart. That couldn't have been that disappointing.SPARKMAN: Yes and no. It was a value issues. We felt that it was going to be good value to the stockholders and whatever. Also, looking on down the road, we knew the businesses would be coming even more capital intensive because of the things we felt were going to have to be done. When we looked at the two cultures, and we really figured very quickly that there was just no way that the cultures were going to marry and work. We could see it happening that it was just not going to work. At first I was excited about it because, frankly, I was getting tired of running 80-90 hours a week. That's what my job entailed. I felt this might give me some relief. But frankly, two things happened. We felt the cultures were going to be difficult. Then I think Bell Atlantic figured out that when the smoke cleared, we would be in control.MAXWELL: I know that the due diligence team took up the entire Hyatt across from the offices at that time. I thought that was an entertaining thought all by itself.SPARKMAN: Yes it was. It was quite a time, quite a time.MAXWELL: You were gone though by the time AT&T, not fully gone, ...SPARKMAN: I was still on the board. I was involved to some degree on the board. I was there when the AT&T thing was going on.MAXWELL: So were those cultures that different that you didn't think that would not work?SPARKMAN: Well, I anticipated some problems...MAXWELL: I think everyone would.SPARKMAN: ... in putting together the cultures and there have been some problems. I think like I discussed with you, I've had people talk to me and really searching and digging for me to be uncomplimentary or critical of AT&T.MAXWELL: It doesn't make sense.SPARKMAN: It makes no sense because, frankly, I look back on it. Going back, as we've talked to this interview, I started at TCI when there was 56,000 cable subscribers. I grew up with it. So, yes, I had control of it. And as you know, I had very good control of it. But I knew where everything was.MAXWELL: I think you hid half of it.SPARKMAN: The complexity of it was something that didn't bother me because I didn't pay any attention to the complexity of it. It is a very complex, hared thing to run. It's not something that you turn the page and someone who it totally unfamiliar with it comes in and is able o pick up the ball and run with it that well. It takes time. It takes time and unfortunately as time goes on, a lot of money gets spent.MAXWELL: Yes it does. After you left TCI though and it became part of AT&T, you got really bored sitting around. I know well. So what have you been up to in the last few years?SPARKMAN: I serve on several boards in cable as well as manufacturing, programming. I started a couple of small companies, sold them. About 1 1/2 years ago, the company that my son was with became for sale. We put together a group and bought that company. So now I'm ... Then we bought a couple more companies here in the U.S. and bought a company in the U.K. and are looking at some more companies in Europe and so on. I guess I'm back in the throe, if you will, and I'm not running 80 – 90 hours a week, do not intend to, but it's a lot of fun. I'm an avid golfer. I play a lot of golf. Golf is not the only thing I like to do. I enjoy building companies. I'm enjoying what we're in now. As everybody's aware, the economic structure of today's world is a tough one whether you're in the U.S. or Europe or Asia or wherever you might be. But I've always looked at bad economic times as times of opportunity, and I'm finding that to be true.MAXWELL: It's hard to get cable out of your blood, isn't it?SPARKMAN: It certainly is. You know, I miss the family at TCI, the people. We had some real, real good times.MAXWELL: Well, we all miss Bob Magness.SPARKMAN: Bob Magness, you know, had got to be the ... If there was a guy who was going to be king, Bob Magness would be king. He was a man who ... If you didn't like Bob Magness, you couldn't like yourself. The guy was just an incredible man - to put it bluntly, put up with one hell of a lot of mistakes from me – and never raised his voice. He was just a great guy.MAXWELL: That's a good way to end the interview.SPARKMAN: Thank you.MAXWELL: Thank you. 





Cable Hall of Fame
2015 Honoree
    








Latest News
Visit our media center


Map & Directions
How to find us

info@cablecenter.org
Phone: 720.502.7500

Contact Us
Contact us by department






About Us


Media Room
Board of Directors
Honorary Board of Directors
Cable Center Staff
Rent The Center
Contact Us
Social Media
Support The Center
Explore The Center



Cable History


The Hauser Oral History Project
Featured Articles
The Barco Library
Cable TV Pioneers
Exhibits
Three Generations Photo Gallery
Cable History Timeline
Cable History Book



Academic Community


Senior Fellows
Vision
The Barco Library 
Program Archives
International Connections



Cable Today & Tomorrow


Innovation
Customer Care Central
The Barco Library 
Cable Connects Us
Connecting With Students
Impact on Society and Culture



Cable Hall of Fame


Meet The Honorees
Bresnan Ethics in Business Award
Bresnan Ethics in Business Award Honorees
Past Honorees
Honorees by Name
Media Gallery
CHOF Exhibit




Copyright 2017  The Cable Center - All rights reserved powered by The Cable Industry
The audited statement of financial position and statement of activities, along with the governing organizational documents, are available upon request. 

 




HomeAbout UsMedia RoomBoard of DirectorsHonorary Board of DirectorsCable Center StaffRent The CenterSocial MediaContact UsSupport The CenterMap & DirectionsNewslettersCable HistoryThe  Hauser Oral History ProjectThe Barco LibraryCable TV PioneersVirtual Reality ExhibitExhibitsThree Generations Photo GalleryCable History TimelineCable History BookAcademic CommunitySenior FellowsVisionThe Barco Library Program ArchivesInternational ConnectionsOne Day ImmersionCable Today & TomorrowInnovationCx CentralThe Barco Library Cable Connects UsConnecting With StudentsImpact on Society and CultureDevelopment of DOCSISCable Hall of FameMeet The Honorees2017 CelebrationHonoree ExhibitPast HonoreesBresnan Ethics in Business AwardHonorees of Bresnan Ethics in Business AwardMedia Gallery




J. Sparkman |  | Decypha

































Sign In
|
Welcome  Guest 









 







Regions

GCC
                                |
                                    Levant
                                |
                                    MENA
                                |
                                    North Africa




GCC

Bahrain
                            |
                            Kuwait
                            |
                            Oman
                            |
                            Qatar
                            |
                            Saudi Arabia
                            |
                            United Arab Emirates




Levant

Iraq
                            |
                            Jordan
                            |
                            Lebanon
                            |
                            Palestine




North Africa

Egypt
                            |
                            Libya
                            |
                            Morocco
                            |
                            Tunisia




Others

Iran
                            |
                            Turkey
                            |
                            United Kingdom
                            |
                            United States












Advanced Search















News






Markets






Companies






Research






Funds






Fixed Income






Money Markets






Commodities






FX






Economics






Analysis






More











Sign In
Membership
Customize Your Decypha
Logout
Welcome
Decypha Alerts












Home




People Profiles




People Profile



J. Sparkman Profile














Full Name:

                                                    J. Sparkman
                                                







Country:











Biography


                                                    J.C. Sparkman, 78, has served as a director of LGI since June 2005 and is the chair of the compensation committee and a member of the nominating and corporate... 











Designations




Date
Designation
Entity
Entity Description
Country




2005


Liberty Global, Inc.

--

                                                United States




2005


Liberty Global, Inc.

--

--



2005


Liberty Global, Inc.

--

                                                United States




1998


Universal Electronics Inc.

--

--



1994


Shaw Communications, Inc.

--

--









Check all the  individuals in 
Check The List






Request a Trial
















Title:*


Select
Mr
Mrs
Ms
Miss
Dr
Prof




First Name:*



Last Name:*



Job Title:*


Select
 Asset Managers
 Corporate Banks
 Investment Managers
 Wealth Managers
 Consultants & Advisors
 Legal Practioners
 Academics
 Hedge Funds
 Private Equity Analysts
 Traders
 Equity Research Analysts




Phone:*



Company:*




Email:*




Country:*


Select

                                                Afganistan
                                        

                                                Albania
                                        

                                                Algeria
                                        

                                                American Samoa
                                        

                                                Andorra
                                        

                                                Angola
                                        

                                                Anguilla
                                        

                                                Antarctica
                                        

                                                Antigua and Barbuda
                                        

                                                Argentina
                                        

                                                Armenia
                                        

                                                Aruba
                                        

                                                Australia
                                        

                                                Austria
                                        

                                                Azerbaijan
                                        

                                                Bahamas
                                        

                                                Bahrain
                                        

                                                Bangladesh
                                        

                                                Barbados
                                        

                                                Belarus
                                        

                                                Belgium
                                        

                                                Belize
                                        

                                                Benin
                                        

                                                Bermuda
                                        

                                                Bhutan
                                        

                                                Bolivia
                                        

                                                Bosnia and Herzegovina
                                        

                                                Botswana
                                        

                                                Bouvet Island
                                        

                                                Brazil
                                        

                                                British Indian Ocean Territory
                                        

                                                Brunei
                                        

                                                Bulgaria
                                        

                                                Burkina Faso
                                        

                                                Burundi
                                        

                                                Cambodia
                                        

                                                Cameroon
                                        

                                                Canada
                                        

                                                Cape Verde
                                        

                                                Cayman Islands
                                        

                                                Central African Republic
                                        

                                                Chad
                                        

                                                Chile
                                        

                                                China
                                        

                                                Christmas Island
                                        

                                                Cocos (Keeling) Islands
                                        

                                                Colombia
                                        

                                                Comoros
                                        

                                                Congo
                                        

                                                Cook Islands
                                        

                                                Costa Rica
                                        

                                                Cote D'Ivoire (Ivory Coast)
                                        

                                                Croatia (Hrvatska)
                                        

                                                Cuba
                                        

                                                Curacao
                                        

                                                Cyprus
                                        

                                                Czech Republic
                                        

                                                Czechoslovakia (former)
                                        

                                                Denmark
                                        

                                                Djibouti
                                        

                                                Dominica
                                        

                                                Dominican Republic
                                        

                                                East Timor
                                        

                                                Ecuador
                                        

                                                Egypt
                                        

                                                El Salvador
                                        

                                                Equatorial Guinea
                                        

                                                Eritrea
                                        

                                                Estonia
                                        

                                                Ethiopia
                                        

                                                Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
                                        

                                                Faroe Islands
                                        

                                                Fiji
                                        

                                                Finland
                                        

                                                France
                                        

                                                France, Metropolitan
                                        

                                                French Guiana
                                        

                                                French Polynesia
                                        

                                                French Southern Territories
                                        

                                                Gabon
                                        

                                                Gambia
                                        

                                                Georgia
                                        

                                                Germany
                                        

                                                Ghana
                                        

                                                Gibraltar
                                        

                                                Greece
                                        

                                                Greenland
                                        

                                                Grenada
                                        

                                                Guadeloupe
                                        

                                                Guam
                                        

                                                Guatemala
                                        

                                                Guernsey
                                        

                                                Guinea
                                        

                                                Guinea-Bissau
                                        

                                                Guyana
                                        

                                                Haiti
                                        

                                                Heard and McDonald Islands
                                        

                                                Honduras
                                        

                                                Hong Kong
                                        

                                                Hungary
                                        

                                                Iceland
                                        

                                                India
                                        

                                                Indonesia
                                        

                                                Iran
                                        

                                                Iraq
                                        

                                                Ireland
                                        

                                                Isle of Man
                                        

                                                Israel
                                        

                                                Italy
                                        

                                                Jamaica
                                        

                                                Japan
                                        

                                                Jersey
                                        

                                                Jordan
                                        

                                                Kazakhstan
                                        

                                                Kenya
                                        

                                                Kiribati
                                        

                                                Kuwait
                                        

                                                Kyrgyzstan
                                        

                                                Laos
                                        

                                                Latvia
                                        

                                                Lebanon
                                        

                                                Lesotho
                                        

                                                Liberia
                                        

                                                Libya
                                        

                                                Liechtenstein
                                        

                                                Lithuania
                                        

                                                Luxembourg
                                        

                                                Macau
                                        

                                                Macedonia
                                        

                                                Madagascar
                                        

                                                Malawi
                                        

                                                Malaysia
                                        

                                                Maldives
                                        

                                                Mali
                                        

                                                Malta
                                        

                                                Marshall Islands
                                        

                                                Martinique
                                        

                                                Mauritania
                                        

                                                Mauritius
                                        

                                                Mayotte
                                        

                                                Mexico
                                        

                                                Micronesia
                                        

                                                Moldova
                                        

                                                Monaco
                                        

                                                Mongolia
                                        

                                                Montenegro
                                        

                                                Montserrat
                                        

                                                Morocco
                                        

                                                Mozambique
                                        

                                                Myanmar
                                        

                                                Namibia
                                        

                                                Nauru
                                        

                                                Nepal
                                        

                                                Netherlands
                                        

                                                Netherlands Antilles
                                        

                                                Neutral Zone
                                        

                                                New Caledonia
                                        

                                                New Zealand (Aotearoa)
                                        

                                                Nicaragua
                                        

                                                Niger
                                        

                                                Nigeria
                                        

                                                Niue
                                        

                                                Norfolk Island
                                        

                                                North Korea
                                        

                                                Northern Mariana Islands
                                        

                                                Norway
                                        

                                                Oman
                                        

                                                Pakistan
                                        

                                                Palau
                                        

                                                Palestine
                                        

                                                Panama
                                        

                                                Papua New Guinea
                                        

                                                Paraguay
                                        

                                                Peru
                                        

                                                Philippines
                                        

                                                Pitcairn
                                        

                                                Poland
                                        

                                                Portugal
                                        

                                                Puerto Rico
                                        

                                                Qatar
                                        

                                                Reunion
                                        

                                                Romania
                                        

                                                Russia
                                        

                                                Rwanda
                                        

                                                S. Georgia and S. Sandwich Isls.
                                        

                                                Saint Kitts and Nevis
                                        

                                                Saint Lucia
                                        

                                                Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
                                        

                                                Samoa
                                        

                                                San Marino
                                        

                                                Sao Tome and Principe
                                        

                                                Saudi Arabia
                                        

                                                Senegal
                                        

                                                Serbia
                                        

                                                Seychelles
                                        

                                                Sierra Leone
                                        

                                                Singapore
                                        

                                                Slovak Republic
                                        

                                                Slovenia
                                        

                                                Solomon Islands
                                        

                                                Somalia
                                        

                                                South Africa
                                        

                                                South Korea
                                        

                                                South Sudan
                                        

                                                Spain
                                        

                                                Sri Lanka
                                        

                                                St. Helena
                                        

                                                St. Pierre and Miquelon
                                        

                                                Sudan
                                        

                                                Suriname
                                        

                                                Svalbard and Jan Mayen Islands
                                        

                                                Swaziland
                                        

                                                Sweden
                                        

                                                Switzerland
                                        

                                                Syria
                                        

                                                Taiwan
                                        

                                                Tajikistan
                                        

                                                Tanzania
                                        

                                                Thailand
                                        

                                                Togo
                                        

                                                Tokelau
                                        

                                                Tonga
                                        

                                                Trinidad and Tobago
                                        

                                                Tunisia
                                        

                                                Turkey
                                        

                                                Turkmenistan
                                        

                                                Turks and Caicos Islands
                                        

                                                Tuvalu
                                        

                                                US Minor Outlying Islands
                                        

                                                USSR (former)
                                        

                                                Uganda
                                        

                                                Ukraine
                                        

                                                United Arab Emirates
                                        

                                                United Kingdom
                                        

                                                United States
                                        

                                                Uruguay
                                        

                                                Uzbekistan
                                        

                                                Vanuatu
                                        

                                                Vatican City State (Holy See)
                                        

                                                Venezuela
                                        

                                                Vietnam
                                        

                                                Virgin Islands (British)
                                        

                                                Virgin Islands (U.S.)
                                        

                                                Wallis and Futuna Islands
                                        

                                                Western Sahara
                                        

                                                Yemen
                                        

                                                Yugoslavia
                                        

                                                Zaire
                                        

                                                Zambia
                                        

                                                Zimbabwe
                                        




Comments:





*Required Fields


 

 Submit








Already Registered?








Login attempt was not successful. Please try again








Username/ Email:



Password:





Enter Characters:















 

 Login





 Forget your password?
























By Job Title


Asset Managers |
                                    Corporate Banks |
                                    Investment Managers |
                                    Wealth Managers |
                                    Consultants & Advisors |
                                    Legal Practitioners |
                                    Academics |
                                    Hedge Funds |
                                    Private Equity Analysts |
                                    Traders |
                                    Equity Research Analysts


By Scope


Equity |
                                    Fixed Income |
                                    Funds |
                                    Excel  |
                                    Analytical Tools  |
                                    Markets  |
                                    Prices  |
                                    Money Market |
                                    News |
                                    Industry |
                                    IPOs |
                                    Mergers & Acquisitions |
                                    Commodities |
                                    Economics



Covered Countries and Exchanges

















Add Your Company | 
                                        Add Yourself | 
                                        Terms and Conditions | 
                                        Privacy Policy | 
                                        About DirectFN









Copyright ©  DirectFN. All Rights Reserved.











Data Not Available









Login











Login attempt was not successful. Please try again


Username/ Email:


Password:



Enter Characters:











 Forget your password?











Back to Top

Support & Feedback


Ask for free trial









Request a Trial
















Title:*


Mr
Mrs
Ms
Miss
Dr
Prof




First Name:*



Last Name:*



Email:*




Phone:*



Promo. Code:



Country:*


Select
Afganistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Cote D'Ivoire (Ivory Coast)
Croatia (Hrvatska)
Cuba
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Czechoslovakia (former)
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
East Timor
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
France, Metropolitan
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard and McDonald Islands
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
Neutral Zone
New Caledonia
New Zealand (Aotearoa)
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
North Korea
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestine
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Reunion
Romania
Russia
Rwanda
S. Georgia and S. Sandwich Isls.
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovak Republic
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Korea
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
St. Helena
St. Pierre and Miquelon
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen Islands
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
US Minor Outlying Islands
USSR (former)
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican City State (Holy See)
Venezuela
Vietnam
Virgin Islands (British)
Virgin Islands (U.S.)
Wallis and Futuna Islands
Western Sahara
Yemen
Yugoslavia
Zaire
Zambia
Zimbabwe




Company:*



Job Title:


Select
 Academics
 Asset Managers
 Consultants & Advisors
 Corporate Banks
 Equity Research Analysts
 Hedge Funds
 Investment Managers
 Legal Practioners
 Private Equity Analysts
 Traders
 Wealth Managers




Comments:




*Required Fields


 

 Submit



















Contact Us












Hello ,Please use the below form for
                            Product support & feedback


Name :  *  


Email:  * 


Phone Number :  * 






Preferred contact method :
Email
Phone











Technical Support 24x7: +94 112 314900 / slhops@directfn.net
Your Account Manager is, , , 






















 Get a Decypha Membership to view this content..................







Get a Decypha Membership


 Get the membership of Decypha Premium Package to access more exciting features including advanced analytical tools and the Pro 10 package. Pro 10 is designed keeping active investors in mind and offers a flexible framework to view information and do analysis the way you desire.

All you need to access these valuable features is to click on the Get a membership button and submit your details to our sales team.















Upgrade your Membership


 Account is not entitled to view this information.

 Please contact your account manager to upgrade your Membership.

Email :  support@decypha.com






 Register to view this content..................







 Decypha Free Registration


Register free with Decypha and get access to real-time price information and many other features including Technical Scanner, Fundamental Screener etc.

Just click the Registration button, submit your details and get registered for free.








 

