










 













 




Eric H. Speron CFA: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg








































  





















































































July 28, 2017 12:40 PM ET

Company Overview of Schultz Partners, LLC



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Eric H. Speron CFACo-Owner, Schultz Partners, LLCAgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 2 Board Members in 2 different organizations across 4 different industries.See Board Relationships37--
Background

		Mr. Eric H. Speron, CFA, is Co-Owner of Schultz Partners, LLC. Mr. Speron serves as Portfolio Manager of First Foundation Advisors, Highland Funds II - Highland-First Foundation Income Fund and Highland Funds II - Highland Total Return Fund. He is part of the investment team managing First Foundation Advisors’ proprietary Core Equity Portfolio. He also provides research and recommendations of third-party equity investment opportunities. Mr. Speron serves as an Analyst ... and Portfolio Manager of three portfolios managed for clients of First Foundation. He has over 16 years of management and advisory experience across the financial services industry. He joined First Foundation Advisors in 2007 from JPMorgan’s Institutional Equity division. Mr. Speron has been an Independent Director of PICO Holdings, Inc. since January 16, 2016. He has been a Director of UCP, Inc. since December 12, 2016. He is a Member of the CFA Institute and the Orange County Society of Financial Analysts. Mr. Speron holds Bachelor of Arts Degree with a double major from Georgetown University, where he was also voted Academic All-American, Mid-Atlantic, for his academic and athletic accomplishments.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
----, Nevada --United StatesPhone: --Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
2016-PresentIndependent DirectorPICO Holdings, Inc.2016-PresentDirectorUCP, Inc.
Education
BA Georgetown University
Other Affiliations
PICO Holdings, Inc.Georgetown UniversityFirst Foundation AdvisorsHighland Funds II - Highland Total Return FundUCP, Inc.Highland Funds II - Highland-First Foundation Income Fund


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Schultz Partners, LLC, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Eric H Speron - San Clemente, CA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Eric H Speron in San Clemente, CA


Eric H Speron

                                                                           Intelius found that Eric H Speron  is  a male between 30 and 40 years old from San Clemente, CA.  We have connected them to
                12 addresses,
                7 phones,
                and 4 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Eric H Spruce


Get Report Now

Age

Eric H Speron is in his 30s

Eric Has Lived In

San Clemente, CA
Naperville, IL
Lisle, IL

Eric's Relatives

Brittany Speron
Courtney Speron
Sarah Speron
Roman Speron







Eric H Speron



Zodiac SignAries



GenderMale



Professional Status
Portfolio Manager at First Foundation Inc.



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Eric? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Eric, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Eric H Speron
Get a Criminal Check on Eric H Speron
Get a Public Record Report on Eric H Speron
Get a People Search Report on Eric H Speron


Eric H Speron's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Eric H Speron has lived as well as Eric H Speron's phone numbers and email addresses.




Eric H Speron Has Lived in 4 States
California Address for Eric H Speron


146 W A****** 

San Clemente, CA


Has Lived In

San Clemente, CA
Naperville, IL


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Eric H Speron

(949) ***-**** - San Clemente, CA 
(888) ***-**** - Irvine, CA 
(949) ***-**** - Irvine, CA 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Eric H Speron

e********n@***.net
v*******m@***.net
e***********n@***.com


Get Email Report




Eric H Speron's Professional Information
Information regarding Eric H Speron's professional history.  Find out previous places Eric H Speron has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Eric H Speron Has Worked at 3 Places
Company: First Foundation Inc.
               Title: Portfolio Manager
Company: First Foundation Inc.
               Title: Portfolio Manager and Member of Investment Committee
Eric H Speron's Experience
Title: Portfolio Manager
               Company: First Foundation Inc.
Job Details
               Company Size: $50 mil to less than $100 mil - Employee Range: 100 to less than 500. First Foundation Advisors is a fee-based, national consulting and wealth planning firm created to provide strategic planning, management and administration for wealth creators and their families, family businesses, and family and independent foundations. Our goal is to help our clients to enjoy their wealth today and perpetuate their success for many generations. We achieve this goal through tailored and comprehensive long-range plans, implementation oversight and monitoring, and mentoring, education and training of family members. Our domestic and international clients include individuals, families, family businesses, foundations, corporations, and non-profit institutions. First Foundation Advisors is a subsidiary of First Foundation Inc. and an affiliate of First Foundation Bank. For for information, please visit the appropriate website:- First Foundation Inc.: www.firstfoundationinc.com- First Foundation Bank: www.firstfoundationbank.comInvestment Advisory & Management | Family Wealth Institute | Wealth Planning | Philanthropy.
Title: Portfolio Manager and Member of Investment Committee
               Company: First Foundation Inc.
Job Details
               Company Size: $50 mil to less than $100 mil - Employee Range: 100 to less than 500
Additional Professional Information on Eric H Speron

 See Eric H Speron's LinkedIn Profile



Eric H Speron's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Eric H Speron


Eric H Speron's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Eric H Speron's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Eric Speron
Username Matches

                  EricSperon
                  SperonEric
                  Eric.Speron
                  Speron.Eric
                  Eric_Speron
                  Speron_Eric
                  Eric-Speron
                  Speron-Eric
                  ESperon
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
E Speron







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.














PICO Eric H. Speron Insider Trades for PICO Holdings Inc.


































X

Tweet
 

Share this bulletin

Get news bulletins by email

Bulletin

Teavana shutdown by Starbucks called latest mall casualty »
        




Investor Alert







New York Markets Close in:



Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































PICO Holdings Inc.

                  NASDAQ: PICO
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

PICO Holdings Inc.



Market open
 --Real time quotes
Jul 28, 2017, 12:31 p.m.


PICO

/quotes/zigman/79884/composite


$
16.70




Change

-0.10
-0.60%

Volume
Volume 8,730
Real time quotes








/quotes/zigman/79884/composite
Previous close

$
			16.80
		


$
				16.70
			
Change

-0.10
-0.60%





Day low
Day high
$16.55
$16.85










52 week low
52 week high

            $9.60
        

            $17.95
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Eric H. Speron



Mr. Eric H. Speron, CFA, is a Portfolio Manager at First Foundation Advisors.
Mr. Speron is part of the investment team managing First Foundation Advisors’ Large Cap Value Equity Portfolio as well as the manager of the Opportunistic Equity Portfolio. As a member of the First Foundation Advisors Investment Committee he assists in shaping the portfolio investment process and overall asset allocations. Mr. Speron joined First Foundation Advisors in 2007 from JPMorgan’s Institutional Equity division to focus exclusively on equity analysis and portfolio management.
Mr. Speron was previously employed as a Principal by Credit Suisse Securities.
He received his Bachelor of Arts Degree with a double major from Georgetown University where he was also voted Academic All-American, Mid-Atlantic, for his academic and athletic accomplishments. He is currently a member of the CFA Institute and the Orange County Society of Financial Analysts.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value








        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. Maxim C. W. Webb 
Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer




Mr. John T. Perri 
CFO, Secretary & Principal Accounting Officer




Mr. Gregory  Bylinksy 
Director




Mr. Andrew F. Cates 
Independent Director




Mr. Daniel B. Silvers 
Lead Independent Director




Mr. Eric H. Speron 
Independent Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




12:40 PM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Open


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
12:32pWhy McCain shot down Obamacare repeal               
12:20pChip stocks are cool again, but reality is here
12:19pIntel earnings have message for AMD and Nvidia: ‘Bring it on’
12:19pAmazon’s free-spending ways hit earnings, but don’t expect a shift to thrift
12:18pStarbucks’ Teavana stores are the latest casualty at the mall
12:10pWage-rebound story takes another hit after drab ECI report
12:09pWhat is an ICO?
12:06pTrump’s sketch of New York City skyline auctioned off
12:05pWells Fargo: FDA plan to lower nicotine could be opportunity for Altria, Philip Morris
12:02pHealth-care fund managers say a spike in drugs and devices will produce big returns
12:01pThese companies spent over $1 billion buying back shares while their CEOs were dumping them
12:00pStock market edges lower, on track for weekly losses
11:59aWells Fargo will pay $80 million to overcharged auto loan consumers 
11:56aGold aims for third-weekly gain as dollar holds loss after GDP report
11:56aCharting a bull-trend whipsaw, Nasdaq’s key reversal fuels sector rotation (again)
11:51aA global investment strategist offers up a summer reading list to make you a better investor
11:51aThis fund strategist says there’s at least one way companies can survive Amazon’s onslaught
11:50aWells Fargo: FDA plan to lower nicotine could be opportunity for Altria, Philip Morris
11:49aHere’s one Trump fan who might make you some money
11:49aWhat the solar eclipse on Aug. 21 will mean for stocks
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,796.10

-0.45
0.00%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,377.70

-4.49
-0.07%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,470.06

-5.36
-0.22%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15































































UCP Elects Eric H. Speron To Board Of Directors - TheStreet




































































 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 








































UCP Elects Eric H. Speron To Board Of Directors






Business Wire




Dec 1, 2016 12:45 PM EST













 




























































  UCP, Inc. (NYSE:UCP) today announced that its Board of Directors has elected Eric H. Speron as a new director, effective December 12, 2016. Mr. Speron has over 16 years of management and advisory experience across the financial services industry. Since January 2016, Mr. Speron has also served as a member of the Board of Directors of PICO Holdings, Inc. (Nasdaq: PICO), which is UCP's controlling stockholder. Mr. Speron will be a Class I Director and replace John R. Hart, who will resign as a director effective December 12, 2016.  Dustin L. Bogue, President and CEO of UCP and a member of its Board of Directors, stated, "We are pleased to welcome Eric to our Board. He brings significant financial management, investing and strategic experience that we expect will contribute positively to our continued improvement in profitability and returns on equity. He is aligned with our core values and committed to our goals to build on our revenue momentum, discipline in operations and ongoing transformation of our business to drive shareholder value."  Michael C. Cortney, Chairman of UCP's Board of Directors, added, "We are delighted that Eric has agreed to join our Board. Eric's strong business and investment acumen further strengthens our Board, which is fortunate to have a diverse team of highly respected business leaders. His counsel will be an asset to the ongoing expansion of UCP. Additionally, we would like to thank John for his many years of exemplary service on our Board and we wish him well in his future endeavors."  Mr. Speron is an analyst and portfolio manager of three portfolios managed for clients of First Foundation. He also serves as a member of the investment committee of First Foundation Advisors and, as a member of the First Foundation Advisors investment committee, assists in shaping the portfolio investment process and overall asset allocations. Mr. Speron joined First Foundation Advisors in 2007 from JPMorgan's Institutional Equity division. Mr. Speron is also a member of the board of directors of PICO Holding, Inc. Mr. Speron is currently a member of the CFA Institute and the Orange County Society of Financial Analysts. He earned a Bachelor of Arts Degree with a double major from Georgetown University where he was also voted Academic All-American, Mid-Atlantic, for his academic and athletic accomplishments.  



 








 










































If you liked this article you might like













PICO Holdings Piques My Interest
A merger deal involving a majority-owned subsidiary conjures up thoughts of possible sales of other significant assets.



Jonathan Heller

Apr 17, 2017 11:00 AM EDT
























Pick Up Some PICO as a Value Bet
A couple events happened last week that may signal a new day at the holding company.



Jonathan Heller

Oct 17, 2016 10:00 AM EDT

















2 Stocks Promising Big Upside in 2016
These infrastructure names are a bargain, and will benefit as the fear of recession fades.



Bret Jensen

Mar 21, 2016 11:00 AM EDT

















It's Getting Hot at Pico Holdings
Activists are making waves at 'The Poor Man's Berkshire Hathaway.'



Jonathan Heller

Mar 11, 2016 12:00 PM EST








































 











Trending


Whole Foods Could Bring a Nasty Surprise to Amazon in 2018


Amazon and General Electric Are Friday's Smoking Hot Tickers: AMZN, TSLA, SBUX, GE, AAPL, X


Exxon Mobil Stock Tanks on Earnings Miss


Apple Investing Billions in OLED Display


Intel's Post-Earnings Surge Hits Heavy Resistance -- Here's Where to Buy It











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 





















Eric H. Speron - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Eric H. Speron
Former Board Member at PICO Holdings, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Eric H. Speron? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Eric H. Speron's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Eric H. Speron's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Eric H. Speron's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Eric H. Speron through your network of contacts.
												








Eric H. Speron's Executive Work History


Past
To view Eric H. Speron's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
37

 


Eric H. Speron's Biography



Mr. Speron, 37, has served as a director since December 2016.  He is a Class I director whose current term expires in 2017.  Mr. Speron is an analyst and portfolio manager of three portfolios managed for clients of First Foundation. He also serves as a member of the investment committee of First Foundation Advisors and, as a member of the First Foundation Advisors investment committee, assists in shaping the portfolio investment process and overall asset allocations. Mr. Speron joined First Foundation Advisors in 2007 from JPMorgan's Institutional Equity division. Mr. Speron is a member of the Board of Directors of PICO Holdings Inc. ("PICO") ...
(Read More)

			Mr. Speron, 37, has served as a director since December 2016.  He is a Class I director whose current term expires in 2017.  Mr. Speron is an analyst and portfolio manager of three portfolios managed for clients of First Foundation. He also serves as a member of the investment committee of First Foundation Advisors and, as a member of the First Foundation Advisors investment committee, assists in shaping the portfolio investment process and overall asset allocations. Mr. Speron joined First Foundation Advisors in 2007 from JPMorgan's Institutional Equity division. Mr. Speron is a member of the Board of Directors of PICO Holdings Inc. ("PICO"), a publicly-traded diversified holding company that has primary operations in water resources and storage and real estate, and was nominated at the request of PICO pursuant to the Investor Rights Agreement, dated as of July 23, 2013, between the Company, PICO and the holders named therein (the "Investor Rights Agreement"). PICO is the Company's controlling stockholder.
   
  Mr. Speron is currently a member of the CFA Institute and the Orange County Society of Financial Analysts. He earned a Bachelor of Arts Degree with a double major from Georgetown University where he was also voted Academic All-American, Mid-Atlantic, for his academic and athletic accomplishments.
   
  Mr. Speron's experience as a portfolio manager and investor bring a valuable perspective to the Board and enhance its overall qualifications, skills and experience.
		
Source: UCP, Inc. on 03/21/2017
		
	

 
 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Eric H. Speron's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Eric H. Speron. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Eric H. Speron's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Eric H. Speron's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Eric H. Speron through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Eric H. Speron


















Eric H. Speron's Connections (18)





Sign up now to view Eric H. Speron's 18 connections »









James W. Fletcher
Former President, Northern California Division, UCP, Inc.









Peter H. Lori
Board Member, UCP, Inc.









Michael C. Cortney
Board Member, UCP, Inc.









Kathleen R. Wade
Board Member, UCP, Inc.









James M. Pirrello
Chief Accountitng Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, UCP, Inc.









John T. Perri
Chief Financial Officer and Secretary, PICO Holdings, Inc.









W. Raymond Webb
Vice President, Investments, PICO Holdings, Inc.









Andrew F. Cates
Board Member, Pioneer Natural Resources Company









John R. Hart
Former President and Chief Executive Officer; Chairman, Vidler Water Company, Inc. and UCP, LLC, PICO Holdings, Inc.









Dustin L. Bogue
Dir., President and Chief Executive Officer, UCP, Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993























SPERON ERIC H. - Pico Holdings Inc Insider Transactions | TipRanks   





Go ProLogin / Sign Up Follow✓Get Real Time TransactionsInsider DetailsSPERON ERIC H.Pico Holdings Inc (PICO)Director Not RankedSPERON ERIC H.'s PerformanceSPERON ERIC H. has not reported any informative transactions and therefore cannot be ranked.How are Insiders Ranked? Insider Holdings 100.0% Pico Holdings Inc (PICO)$1MSee the Top Stocks by Insiders > Insider RolesPico Holdings Inc (PICO): DirectorSee the Top 25 Corporate Insiders > SPERON ERIC H.'s Trading Historybased on Form 4 Follow✓Get Real Time TransactionsCompany NameInsider PositionHolding ValueLast TransactionLast Transaction  AmountLast Transaction DatePICOPico Holdings IncDirector$1,014,002Uninformative Buy(undisclosed)Jan 25, 2016UCPUCP IncDirector-See All Insider Trading from Today >You May Also LikeMeet our Smart Portfolio. See what top analysts say about your stocks.Get a breakdown of the different strategies based on detected insider trading activity.Find the best performing Analyst in each sector. Follow them so you never miss a recommendation.Related LinksHow can I benefit from Insider Trading? >See the Top 25 Corporate Insiders >Go to Hot Stocks by Insiders >Find which stocks Insiders traded today >Become a TipRanks MemberGet the best Investing Tips & Hacks straight to your emailFree MembershipSubmitInsider Trading Daily NewsletterProfessional day-trading strategy based on predictive insider transactionsAnnual Return: +85.42%Learn More >Powered by
























 




Total Return Fund | Highland Capital Management















































































Highland Capital
Affiliates

NexPoint Advisors
NexPoint Capital
NexPoint Residential Trust
NexPoint Multifamily Capital Trust
Highland Brasil
ACIS Capital Management


FINRA’s BrokerCheck
Log In














Total Return Fund









JOHN HAKOPIAN
President,
First Foundation Advisors
Bio »




JOHN HAKOPIAN


President, First Foundation Advisors


Mr. Hakopian oversees the vision, strategy, operations and development of the investment management service for the firm. His entrepreneurial spirit combined with his focus on results, exceptional interpersonal skills, and ability to emphasize people’s core needs continue to drive First Foundation’s management success as the regions’ leading independent wealth advisory firm. Having been with First Foundation since its inception in 1990, Mr. Hakopian has been closely involved in developing and delivering the firm’s investment services. He became President in 2009. Mr. Hakopian earned a Bachelor of Arts degree cum laude in economics in three years from the University of California, Irvine and an MBA in Finance from the University of Southern California.







JIM GARRISON, CFA
Portfolio Manager,
First Foundation Advisors
Bio »




JIM GARRISON, CFA


Portfolio Manager, First Foundation Advisors


Mr. Garrison is part of the investment team managing First Foundation Advisors’ proprietary Large Cap Value Equity Portfolio as well as the manager of the Dividend Strategy Portfolio. As a member of the First Foundation Advisors Investment Committee he assists in shaping the portfolio investment process and overall asset allocations.
Mr. Garrison joined First Foundation in 1999 after serving as an Internal Audit Consultant for Arthur Anderson, LLP. He earned his Chartered Financial Analyst designation in 2003 and is a member of the CFA Society of Los Angeles and the CFA Institute.
Mr. Garrison holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Agricultural and Managerial Economics from the University of California, Davis.








ERIC. SPERON, CFA
Portfolio Manager,
First Foundation Advisors
Bio »




ERIC. H. SPERON, CFA


Portfolio Manager, First Foundation Advisors


Mr. Speron is part of the investment team managing First Foundation Advisors’ Large Cap Value Equity Portfolio as well as the manager of the Opportunistic Equity Portfolio. As a member of the First Foundation Advisors Investment Committee he assists in shaping the portfolio investment process and overall asset allocations.
Mr. Speron joined First Foundation Advisors in 2007 from JPMorgan’s Institutional Equity division to focus exclusively on equity analysis and portfolio management.
Mr. Speron is currently a member of the CFA Institute and the Orange County Society of Financial Analysts. He earned a Bachelor of Arts Degree with a double major from Georgetown University where he was also voted Academic All-American, Mid-Atlantic, for his academic and athletic accomplishments.





FACTSPERFORMANCELITERATUREFACTS


Fund Overview
Investment Objective
The Total Return Fund seeks to maximize total return by investing primarily in a combination of U.S. and foreign equity and debt securities.  
Access to Institutionally Managed Asset Allocation

Asset allocation process utilizes information from the Fund’s sub-adviser, First Foundation Advisors, to diversify holdings across asset classes
Adjusts its weightings based on market and economic conditions to meet its objectives
The Fund may also at times adjust its investment exposure through the use of various investment techniques, including investments in derivative instruments to gain exposure to certain types of securities as an alternative to investing directly in such securities, to manage currency exposure and interest rate exposure, and to manage exposure to credit quality





Fund NAV (As of Jul  27, 2017)SYMBOLNAVHTAAX (Class A)$24.24HTACX (Class C)$21.75HTAYX (Class Y)$24.63Fund AUM (As of Jul  27, 2017)AUMTotal Net Assets$100.94 MVIEW FULL PERFORMANCEClass AClass CClass YSymbolHTAAXHTACXHTAYXInception02/22/9309/30/9911/29/93Gross Expense Ratio1.37%2.12%1.12%Net Expense Ratio11.37%2.12%1.12%


PERFORMANCE


Historical Returns & NAV




As of 07/27/2017Class AClass CClass YNet Asset Value (NAV)$24.24$21.75$24.63Daily NAV Change ($)$-0.01$0.00$0.00Daily NAV Change (%)-0.04%0.00%0.00%As of 06/30/2017 MonthlyQuarterlyClass AClass A (w/sales charge)Class CClass C (w/sales charge)Class YYear To Date7.42%1.26%6.99%5.99%7.53%One Year16.69%9.98%15.81%14.81%16.96%Three Year5.69%3.63%4.89%4.89%5.94%Five Year8.35%7.07%7.53%7.53%8.61%Ten Year3.80%3.19%3.02%3.02%4.04%Since Inception7.08%6.81%4.27%4.27%7.27%As of 06/30/2017 MonthlyQuarterlyClass AClass A (w/sales charge)Class CClass C (w/sales charge)Class YYear To Date7.42%1.26%6.99%5.99%7.53%One Year16.69%9.98%15.81%14.81%16.96%Three Year5.69%3.63%4.89%4.89%5.94%Five Year8.35%7.07%7.53%7.53%8.61%Ten Year3.80%3.19%3.02%3.02%4.04%Since Inception7.08%6.81%4.27%4.27%7.27%


LITERATURE



Marketing Materials
Fact Sheet
 

Fund Filings
Annual Report
 
Prospectus
 
Semi-Annual Report
 
Summary Prospectus
 
 View all Literature & Forms





The performance data quoted here represents past performance and is no guarantee of future results. Investment returns and principal value will fluctuate so that an investor’s shares when redeemed may be worth more or less than their original cost. Current performance may be lower or higher than performance data quoted.

Please consider the investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses of Highland Funds carefully before investing. A prospectus with this and other information about Highland's mutual funds can be found on the Literature tab above. You may also obtain a prospectus for our mutual funds by calling 877-665-1287. Please read the prospectus carefully before investing.
1. The Advisor has contractually agreed to limit the total annual operating expenses of the Fund to 0.95% of average daily net assets of the Fund. The expense cap will continue through at least January 31, 2018.
*The maximum sales charge for Class A shares is 5.75%.
Securities Market Risk. The value of the securities may go up or down, sometimes rapidly or unpredictably, due to factors affecting particular companies or the securities market generally. A general downturn in the securities market may cause multiple asset classes to decline in value simultaneously, although equity securities generally have greater price volatility than fixed income securities.
Growth Investing Risk. The risk of investing in growth stocks that may be more volatile than other stocks because they are more sensitive to investor perceptions of the issuing company’s growth potential.
Value Investing Risk. The risk of investing in undervalued stocks that may not realize their perceived value for extended periods of time or may never realize their perceived value.  Value stocks may respond differently to market and other developments than other types of stocks.
Mid-Cap Company Risk. The risk of investing in securities of mid-cap companies that could entail greater risks than investments in larger, more established companies. Mid-cap companies tend to have narrower product lines, more limited financial resources and a more limited trading market for their stocks, as compared with larger companies. As a result, their stock prices may decline significantly as market conditions change.
Foreign Investment Risk. The risk that investing in foreign (non-U.S.) securities may result in the Fund experiencing more rapid and extreme changes in value than a fund that invests exclusively in securities of U.S. companies, due to smaller markets, differing reporting, accounting and auditing standards, nationalization, expropriation or confiscatory taxation, currency blockages and political changes of diplomatic developments. The cost of investing in many foreign markets are higher than the U.S. and investments may be less liquid.
Emerging Markets Risk. The risk of investing in securities of companies located in emerging markets countries, which primarily includes increased foreign investments risk. Emerging markets countries may have unstable governments and/or economies that are subject to sudden change, and may also lack the legal, business and social framework to support securities markets, which tends to make investments less liquid and more volatile.
Credit Risk. The risk that the Fund could lose money if the issuer or guarantor of a fixed income security, or the counterparty of a derivatives contract or repurchase agreement, is unable or unwilling (or is perceived to be unable or unwilling) to make a timely payment of principal and/or interest, or to otherwise honor its obligations.
Interest Rate Risk. The risk that fixed income securities will decline in value because of changes in interest rates. A fund with a longer average portfolio duration will be more sensitive to changes in interest rates than a fund with a shorter average portfolio duration.
Derivatives Risk. The risk that an investment in derivatives may not correlate completely to the performance of underlying securities and may be volatile, and may result in a loss greater than the principal amount invested. Equity derivatives may also be subject to liquidity risk as well as the risk the derivative may be different than what would be produced through the use of another methodology or if it had been priced using market quotations.
Glossary: Click for important terms and definitions
Source: State Street Bank and Trust Company

Highland Funds’ mutual funds are distributed by Highland Capital Funds Distributor 



 























































Eric H Speron - Financial Advisor, Irvine, CA - BrightScope Advisor Pages

































[[getSearchTypeDisplayName(searchType)]]


Advisor

Funds

Firms

401k Plans










































































Back to top
Home>Advisor Pages>Eric H Speron








Eric H SperonFind an Advisor




OverviewServicesFundsQualificationsArticlesLicensesAssetsFees








Is this you?Claim this profile


Share



Follow

Following








Eric H Speron
First Foundation Advisors














Irvine
CAFind an Advisor





OverviewServicesFundsQualificationsArticlesLicensesAssetsFees











Overview








Description
        
Eric Speron  is a financial professional at First Foundation Advisors, a $4B RIA based in Irvine, CA. Eric has held an industry securities registration for 8 years and is subject to SEC oversight....











Information
        


other names

N/A
            


Other Firms
N/A




doing business as
N/A


type
RIA







Location
        



18101 Von Karman Avenue
SUITE 700

Irvine,
CA
92612


N/A
          








Services








Advisor Services
        




There is no Services data available to display at this time.







Boeing Fee Settlement Highlights the High Bar for Large Plans
BrightScope Editorial







Funds







Funds Used With Clients
        




There are no funds listed for this advisor at this time.








Firm Client types








Qualifications







Experience


No timeline events available.










Employer
Years
Dates




First Foundation Advisors
              

10 years, 2 months

              

Jun 2007 - Present
              








Are YouEric H Speron?
          


Claim your profilefor FREE

Update yourcontact information

Highlight your specialtiesand expertise

Claim this free profile






Designations & Memberships




Membership information not available

















Articles and Answers







Insights by Eric Speron
        




There are no insights for this advisor to display at this time.






Procter & Gamble Plans Competitive, But Exposure to Company Stock a Risk to Participants
BrightScope Editorial






Answers
        Ask a financial questionAsk a question




There are no answers for this advisor to display at this time.










Advisor Links
        




There are no links for this advisor to display at this time.










Licenses & Conducts








U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission


license status
Registered


disclosures
None


as of date

May  3, 2017







FINRA


license status
Not registered


disclosures
None


as of date

May  3, 2017






Review the status and details of the disclosures noted above using the SEC's Investment Advisor Public Disclosure website:
See Disclosure Details








Assets







First Foundation Advisors
Last updated on May 16, 2017





$3.6B
Total Assets Under Management


N/A
Total Assets Under Advisement






3K

          
Accounts
          


$1.1M

          
Estimated Average Account Balance
          














Fees






Types of Compensation Arrangements


Percentage Of Assets

Hourly Charges

Fixed Fees

Performance-Based Fees












Other Advisors in Your Area





Herbert N Glass
Glass Retirement Strategies, Inc.
Bingham Farms, MIView Profile






Michael Reid, CFA®
Exchange Capital Management Inc
Ann Arbor, MIView Profile






Ken Krausman

Bloomfield Hills, MIView Profile






Melissa Joy CFP®
Center for Financial Planning Inc
Southfield, MIView Profile






Robert Paul Schmansky
Clear Financial Advisors, LLC
Livonia, MIView Profile






Richard Thomas Phillips
Raymond James & Associates, Inc.
Farmington, MIView Profile



See All Advisors










Company Info
            About Us

Newsroom

Careers

Contact

Blog





Explore
            401K Plan Ratings

Advisor Pages

Fund Pages

Financial Insights

FAQ





For Advisors
            Advisor Pages

Spyglass





For Enterprise
            Beacon





Social
            Facebook

Twitter

LinkedIn





Legal
            Privacy Policy

Terms of Use






Copyright © 2008-2017, BrightScope Inc. All Rights Reserved. Your use of this service is subject to ourTerms of UseandPrivacy Policy





Information is provided 'as is' and solely for informational purposes, not for investment purposes or advice.BrightScope is not a fiduciary under ERISA. BrightScope is not endorsed by or affiliated with FINRA.
        










BrightScope /
CIO /
FWW /
Global Custodian /
Investor Economics /
LiquidMetrix /
Market Metrics /
Matrix Solutions /
PLANADVISER /
Plan For Life /
PLANSPONSOR /
Simfund /
Strategic Insight /
The Trade

©2016 Strategic Insight Inc. All Rights Reserved. No Reproduction without Prior Authorizations












































BrightScope | Advisor Pages - Find a Financial Advisor or Advisory Firm 































































[[getSearchTypeDisplayName(searchType)]]


Advisor

Funds

Firms

401k Plans









































































General Search










Advisors
Advisory Firms
Financial Q&A
401k Plans
Funds


Search










Home  >  BrightScope Advisor Pages  >  Find a Financial Advisor
    




Advisor Search
Firm Search
Advisors by City


    
        Find and Research a Financial Advisor
    





Search




Advisor Name







Active advisors only





City



State


Alabama
Alaska
American Samoa
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Guam
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Northern Marinara Islands
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Puerto Rico
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming



Advisor Service Areas



Financial Planning



Estate Planning



Comprehensive Financial Planning



Retirement Planning



College Planning



Charitable Planning



Other Financial Planning



Tax Planning





Insurance



Life Insurance



Health Insurance



Long-Term Care Insurance



Annuities



Property & Casualty Insurance



Business Insurance



Other Insurance





Pension Consulting



401k



403b



457



Defined Benefit



Other Pension Consulting





Portfolio Management



Individuals and/or Small Businesses



Investment Companies



Businesses or Institutional Clients



Other Portfolio Management





Accounting & Tax



Tax Advice



Other Tax





Legal



Legal Planning



Legal Advice



Other Legal





Other



Publication of Periodicals or Newsletters



Security Ratings or Pricing Services



Market Timing Services



Selection of Other Advisors



Educational seminars/workshops







See All Service Areas

	                Find
	            





Filters

/financial-planning/find/advisor/



Compensation Arrangements



No Preference



Asset-Based Fees (511,679)



Fixed Fees (427,554)



Hourly Charges (257,249)



Commissions (238,813)



Fee Only (957)






State Approval



All states



California (192,949)



Florida (189,612)



Texas (168,976)



New York (157,623)



North Carolina (132,047)






Current Employer



No preference



Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated (34,514)



Wells Fargo Advisors, LLC (26,639)



J.P. Morgan Securities LLC (25,622)



Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC (24,260)









Assets Under Mgmt.



No Preference



0 - 100K (273,106)



100M - 500M (31,171)



1B - 10B (92,720)



10B - 100B (113,962)



> 100B (174,259)






Avg Account Balance



No Preference



0 - 100K (41,116)



100 - 500K (380,641)



500K - 1M (19,777)



1M - 10M (25,756)






Client Types



No Preference



Individuals (565,046)



High Net Worth Individuals (564,980)



Pension And Profit Sharing Plans (564,631)



Charitable Organizations (564,242)



State Or Municipal Government Entities (564,021)






Financial Advisor Search Results


739,533 results













George Cones, JD 



                            
    					    Third Sigma Investment Advisors LLC
                            
                                


			            Wilmington, DE
			        













George Cabalu 



                            
    					    Wells Fargo Advisors, LLC
                            
                                


			            Mclean, VA
			        













Andrew Comstock, CFA 



                            
    					    Castlebar Asset Management, LLC
                            
                                


			            Leawood, KS
			        













Curtis E. Hollowell 



                            
    					    Redmount Capital Partners LLC
                            
                                


			            Newport Beach, CA
			        













John A. Frisch CPA/PFS, CFP®, AIF®, PPC 



                            
    					    Alliant Wealth Advisors
                            
                                


			            Prince William, VA
			        













James D. Kinney, CFP® 



                            
    					    Financial Pathways
                            
                                


			            Bridgewater, NJ
			        













Arie J. Korving, CFP® 



                            
    					    Korving & Company LLC
                            
                                


			            Suffolk, VA
			        













Tony Krance, MBA, CFP®, AIF® 



                            
    					    401K Plan Advisors
                            
                                


			            Green Bay, WI
			        













Eve L. Kaplan, CFP® 



                            
    					    Kaplan Financial Advisors LLC
                            
                                


			            Berkeley Heights, NJ
			        













Kimberly L. Curtis, CFP®, ChFC, CLU, CAP, AEP, MSFS 



                            
    					    Wealth Legacy Institute, Inc.
                            
                                


			            Denver, CO
			        













Lyle Himebaugh 



                            
    					    Granite Group Advisors, LLC
                            
                                


			            Wilton, CT
			        













Martin "Marty" Leclerc 



                            
    					    Barrack Yard Advisors, LLC
                            
                                





                            
    					    Pickwick Capital Partners, LLC
                            
                                



			            Washington, DC
			        













Clint Haynes 



                            
    					    Nextgen Wealth, LLC
                            
                                


			            Lee'S Summit, MO
			        













Jonathan N. Castle, MSFS, CFP® 



                            
    					    Paragon Wealth Strategies, LLC.
                            
                                


			            Jacksonville, FL
			        













Nicholas Olesen, CFP®, CRPC® 



                            
    					    Private Advisor Group, LLC
                            
                                





                            
    					    LPL Financial LLC
                            
                                



			            King Of Prussia, PA
			        








1
2
3
4
5



















Company Info
            About Us

Newsroom

Careers

Contact

Blog





Explore
            401K Plan Ratings

Advisor Pages

Fund Pages

Financial Insights

FAQ





For Advisors
            Advisor Pages

Spyglass





For Enterprise
            Beacon





Social
            Facebook

Twitter

LinkedIn





Legal
            Privacy Policy

Terms of Use






Copyright © 2008-2017, BrightScope Inc. All Rights Reserved. Your use of this service is subject to ourTerms of UseandPrivacy Policy





Information is provided 'as is' and solely for informational purposes, not for investment purposes or advice.BrightScope is not a fiduciary under ERISA. BrightScope is not endorsed by or affiliated with FINRA.
        










BrightScope /
CIO /
FWW /
Global Custodian /
Investor Economics /
LiquidMetrix /
Market Metrics /
Matrix Solutions /
PLANADVISER /
Plan For Life /
PLANSPONSOR /
Simfund /
Strategic Insight /
The Trade

©2016 Strategic Insight Inc. All Rights Reserved. No Reproduction without Prior Authorizations























