








Gregory M. Spierkel - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Gregory M. Spierkel
Board Member at PACCAR Inc


View Full Profile
Are you Gregory M. Spierkel? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Gregory M. Spierkel's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Gregory M. Spierkel's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Gregory M. Spierkel's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Gregory M. Spierkel through your network of contacts.
												








Gregory M. Spierkel's Executive Work History


Current


Board Member, 
PACCAR Inc


Board Member, 
MGM Resorts International


Past
To view Gregory M. Spierkel's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
60

 
 


Gregory M. Spierkel's Biography



Principal Occupation/Other Directorships
 
Joined Ingram Micro Inc., a worldwide distributor of technology products, in 1997 as Senior Vice President and President of Ingram Micro Asia Pacific, before being named Executive Vice-President and President of Ingram Micro Europe and later President of Ingram Micro Inc. in 2004. Then served as Chief Executive Officer and Director of Ingram Micro Inc. from 2005 until his departure in 2012. Since then, consultant and advisor to private equity firms investing in the IT sector. Director, Chair of the Compensation Committee, and member of the Audit Committee of PACCAR Inc., a truck manufacturer and te ...
(Read More)

			Principal Occupation/Other Directorships
 
Joined Ingram Micro Inc., a worldwide distributor of technology products, in 1997 as Senior Vice President and President of Ingram Micro Asia Pacific, before being named Executive Vice-President and President of Ingram Micro Europe and later President of Ingram Micro Inc. in 2004. Then served as Chief Executive Officer and Director of Ingram Micro Inc. from 2005 until his departure in 2012. Since then, consultant and advisor to private equity firms investing in the IT sector. Director, Chair of the Compensation Committee, and member of the Audit Committee of PACCAR Inc., a truck manufacturer and technology company, since 2008. Director of Schneider Electric SE since October 2014 and member of the Governance Committee and Strategy Committee. Served as a member of the Advisory Board at The Merage School of Business at the University of California, Irvine until 2016.
 
Director Qualifications
 
Leadership experience-former Chief Executive Officer of a public worldwide distributor of technology products
 
Finance experience-serves on the audit committee of a truck manufacturer and technology company; as CEO of the world's largest technology distribution company, oversaw the financial results and reporting of a public company for seven years
 
Public company directorship experience-former director of a public worldwide distributor of technology products, current director of a truck manufacturer and technology company, and current director of a global energy company
		
Source: MGM Resorts International on 03/16/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Gregory M. Spierkel's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Gregory M. Spierkel. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Gregory M. Spierkel's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Gregory M. Spierkel's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Gregory M. Spierkel through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Gregory M. Spierkel


















Gregory M. Spierkel's Connections (118)





Sign up now to view Gregory M. Spierkel's 118 connections »









Orrin H. Ingram
Board Member, FB Financial









Kevin M. Murai
Dir., President and Chief Executive Officer, SYNNEX Corporation









Corey I. Sanders
Chief Operating Officer, MGM Resorts International









Rose E. McKinney-James
Board Member, MGM Resorts International









Catherine Kopp
Former Board Member, Schneider Electric









Emmanuel Babeau
Former Deputy Chief Executive Officer, Finance and Legal Affairs, Schneider Electric









Scott A. McGregor
Board Member, Xactly Corporation









Alexis M. Herman
Board Member, Cummins Inc.









Michael T. Smith
Board Member, Teledyne Technologies Incorporated









Henri T. Koppen
Former EVP & Pres. IM Europe, Ingram Micro Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Daniel A. DeMatteo
Executive Chairman, GameStop Corp.









David J. O'Connor
President and CEO, The Madison Square Garden Company












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993















Gregory M Spierkel, CEO Compensation -  Forbes.com
























 
























 




 





 





 




Jump | Free Trial Issue



Search Quote








Select Section
Home
Investment Newsletters
Polls & Discussions
Premium Tools
Special Reports
Video & Audio
Watchlist
IT Research Library
IT Product & Service Search
Forbes Digital Tool

Business
-Manufacturing
-Technology
-Commerce
-Services
-Energy
-Healthcare
-Logistics

Technology
-E-Business
-Enterprise Tech
-Infoimaging
-Intelligent Infrastructure
-Personal Tech
-Sciences & Medicine
-Wireless
-CIO Network
-Digital Entertainment

Markets
-Equities
-Economy
-Commodities
-Bonds
-Emerging Markets
-Currencies

Entrepreneurs
-Finance
-Human Resources
-Law & Taxation
-Sales & Marketing
-Management
-Technology

Work
-Careers
-Compensation
-Management

Lists
-Companies
--Forbes Global 2000
--200 Best Small Cos.
--400 Best Big Cos.
--Largest Private Cos.

-People
--World\'s Richest People
--100 Top Celebrities
--400 Richest Americans
--Best Paid CEOs

-Places
--Best Places

Personal Finance
-Estate Planning
-Funds
-Philanthropy
-Retirement
-Strategies
-Taxes

Lifestyle
-Collecting
-Health
-Real Estate
-Sport
-Travel
-Vehicles
-Wine & Food
-Good Life Experience

Opinions

Magazines
-Forbes Magazine
-Forbes Global
-Forbes FYI
-Best of the Web
-Archives
-Subscriptions

Tools

About Us
Contact Us
Help
Reprints/Permissions
Sitemap

Advertising
Conferences
Forbes Collection
Forbes Mobile
Special Advertising





 











U.S.  |  EUROPE  |  ASIA
HOME PAGE FOR THE WORLD'S BUSINESS LEADERS












    HOME 
  
 BUSINESS 
  
 TECHNOLOGY 
  
 MARKETS 
  
 ENTREPRENEURS 
  
 WORK 
  
 PERSONAL FINANCE 
  
 LIFESTYLE 
  
 LISTS 
  
 OPINIONS 


  Home > Lists > CEO Pay >
Gregory M Spierkel






< Previous

Next >



Gregory M SpierkelTotal Compensation
$3.115,6 mil (#360)

5-Year Compensation Total
NA

Gregory M Spierkel has been CEO of Ingram Micro (IM) for one year. Mr. Spierkel has been with the company for 9 years .The 49 year old executive ranks 13 within Technology Hardware & Equipment

Education
College: Carleton University (Canada) BBA
Graduate School: Georgetown University MBA
 

      










Gregory M Spierkel's Compensation Vs. Technology Hardware & Equipment Medians



Salary



$0.505,6 mil 

      



$0.88 mil 



Bonus

$0.53 mil 

$1.14 mil 



Other

$2.08 mil 

$0.24 mil 



Stock Gains

-- 

$0.00 mil 







Total Compensation

$3.115,6 mil



$5.84 mil 



Data Contributor







Ingram Micro
(IM: quote, news, executives)

1600 East St Andrew PlaceSanta Ana, CA 92705-4931California714-566-1000714-566-9440

www.ingrammicro.com




Gregory M Spierkel's Ownership Of Ingram Micro





Industry Medians



Stock Owned (% of Co)

 0.00%4 

0.09% 



Stock Owned

 $0.07 mil 

$0.02 mil 



 



Ingram Micro's Stock Performance




 



Total Return During Tenure

 0% 



Relative to Market

 89 









< Previous

Next >



Sort List By:
Rank |
Name |
Age |
Company |
Efficiency
Total Compensation |
5 Year Compensation |
Market Value

Methodology:
Compensation rank is based on total compensation for latest fiscal year. Total compensation for each chief executive includes the following: salary and bonuses; other compensation, such as vested restricted stock grants, LTIP payouts and perks; and stock gains, the value realized by exercising stock options. Efficiency rank is based on our chief executive's performance/pay score. Ranks are given only to chief executives who have a six-year tenure and six-year compensation history.  The most efficient rank is 1 and least efficient is 189. Compensation rank is based on total compensation for latest fiscal year.

Footnotes:
Total returns and value of stock owned (including all classes) is based on Mar. 30, 2006 stock price. Compensation percent change is based on combined salary and bonus. Annualized total return during tenure covers the tenure of the executive or from the time of the IPO or available stock history. Relative to market is the ending value of $100 invested in the stock, divided by the ending value of $1 invested in the S&P 500 (a score of 100 = the S&P 500). NA: Not available or not applicable. NM: Not meaningful.
1Annualized.
2Four-year total.
3Three-year total.
4Less than 0.01%.
5Prior-year data.
6New chief executive; compensation may be for another executive office.
7Less than $100,000.
8Received options or restricted stock in lieu of portion of salary.
9Received options or restricted stock in lieu of portion of bonus.
10Includes shares indirectly held.

Sources: Latest available company proxy statements; FT Interactive Data via FactSet Research Systems; Hemscott, Inc.(www.hemscottdata.com)








A D V E R T I S E M E N T










SitemapHelpContact Forbes.comInvestment NewslettersForbes ConferencesForbes Magazines


Ad Information  
Forbes.com Wireless  
RSS   
Reprints/Permissions  
Subscriber Services  

©  Forbes.com Inc.   All Rights Reserved  
Privacy Statement  
Terms, Conditions and Notices




Delivered By

Tested By

Market Data By




Stock quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes for Nasdaq, at least 20 minutes for NYSE/AMEX.
U.S. indexes are delayed at least 15 minutes with the exception of Nasdaq, Dow Jones Industrial Average and S&P 500 which are 2 minutes delayed. Disclaimer
Forbes 40 Index powered by Telemet.
News may include latest headlines from Reuters.
Exchange trademark and copyright notices.

Powered By













 





Gregory M Spierkel - Laguna Beach, CA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Gregory M Spierkel in Laguna Beach, CA


Gregory M Spierkel

                                                                           Intelius found that Gregory M Spierkel  is  a male between 60 and 60 years old from Laguna Beach, CA.  We have connected them to
                12 addresses,
                5 phones,
                and 3 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Greg M Spierkel
Gregory E Spierkel


Get Report Now

Age

Gregory M Spierkel is in his 60s

Gregory Has Lived In

Laguna Beach, CA
Rancho Santa Margarita, CA
Reston, VA

Gregory's Relatives

Rhiannon Spierkel
Kyle Spierkel
Rhys Spierkel







Gregory M Spierkel



Zodiac SignCapricorn



GenderMale



Professional Status
President at Ingram Micro Inc.



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Gregory? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Gregory, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Gregory M Spierkel
Get a Criminal Check on Gregory M Spierkel
Get a Public Record Report on Gregory M Spierkel
Get a People Search Report on Gregory M Spierkel


Gregory M Spierkel's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Gregory M Spierkel has lived as well as Gregory M Spierkel's phone numbers and email addresses.




Gregory M Spierkel Has Lived in 6 States
California Address for Gregory M Spierkel


325 W******* P* 

Laguna Beach, CA


Has Lived In

Laguna Beach, CA
Rancho Santa Margarita, CA


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Gregory M Spierkel

(425) ***-**** - Bellevue, WA 
(630) ***-**** - Carol Stream, IL 
(714) ***-**** - Santa Ana, CA 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Gregory M Spierkel

g**************l@***.com
r*******l@***.net
g***************l@***.com


Get Email Report




Gregory M Spierkel's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about Gregory M Spierkel's academic history.  Find out which schools Gregory M Spierkel attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees Gregory M Spierkel received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Gregory M Spierkel Has Attended 3 Schools
Georgetown University Gregory M Spierkel has a Master's degree in Business Administration               
Georgetown University - The Mcdonough School of Business                                             
Carleton University                                             


Gregory M Spierkel's Professional Information
Information regarding Gregory M Spierkel's professional history.  Find out previous places Gregory M Spierkel has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Gregory M Spierkel Has Worked at 15 Places
Company: Ingram Micro Inc.
               Title: President
Company: Ingram Micro Inc.
               Title: President, Europe Division
Gregory M Spierkel's Experience
Title: President
               Company: Ingram Micro Inc.
Job Details
               Company Size: $1 bil and above - Employee Range: 5,000 to less than 25,000
Title: President, Europe Division
               Company: Ingram Micro Inc.
Job Details

Additional Professional Information on Gregory M Spierkel

 See Gregory M Spierkel's LinkedIn Profile



Gregory M Spierkel's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Gregory M Spierkel


Gregory M Spierkel's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Gregory M Spierkel's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Gregory Spierkel
Username Matches

                  GregorySpierkel
                  SpierkelGregory
                  Gregory.Spierkel
                  Spierkel.Gregory
                  Gregory_Spierkel
                  Spierkel_Gregory
                  Gregory-Spierkel
                  Spierkel-Gregory
                  GSpierkel
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
G Spierkel







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.














Gregory M Spierkel | Ingram Micro Inc. | Email Chief Executive Officer | @ingrammicro.com | Phone: (714) 566-1000








































 









 



  Business Card for Gregory M. Spierkel:


  Gregory M. Spierkel
 Chief Executive Officer
Irvine, CA area 





Ingram Micro Inc. 
 
                  3351 Michelson Dr
Ste 100                  

Irvine, CA 92612  

                  Tel: (714) 566-1000 

www.ingrammicro.com
 Last updated on 2016-12-31 

  Get Contact Info >>
                  it's free and takes 20 seconds






 Opt Out or Update this Contact:
 Opt Out
Update name
Update title
Update phone
Update email
Not at this company anymore 






 

 About Gregory M. Spierkel:

Gregory M. Spierkel  works as an Chief Executive Officer for Ingram Micro Inc. at Irvine, CA.  The company's webpage is http://www.ingrammicro.com.
                  For email, phone number and executive profiles for Chief Executive Officer and other executives of Ingram Micro Inc. at Irvine, CA, check
                  Ingram Micro Inc.                  at Joesdata.com. Not the Gregory M. Spierkel you are looking for? Do a quick search in our website and find other people named Gregory M. Spierkel. 

 Gregory M. Spierkel's Work History:
               
                No information available.. 


 Gregory M. Spierkel's Education:
                
                No information available.. 


 Gregory M. Spierkel's Co-workers:
                
                As of July 23, 2017, Gregory M. Spierkel has
                1209                co-workers under the company name
                Ingram Micro Inc.                at Joesdata.com. 






 About Ingram Micro Inc.:

Ingram Micro Inc. is located at 3351 Michelson Dr
Ste 100, Irvine, CA 92612. It has over 10K employees. Its revenue is over $1B. Ingram Micro Inc. (Ingram Micro) is engaged in the distribution of information technology (IT) products, supply chain services and mobile device lifecycle services around the world. The Company distributes and markets technology products all over the world from the industry's computer hardware suppliers, mobility hardware suppliers, software publishers, consumer electronics (CE), automatic identification and data capture (AIDC)/point-of-sale (POS), and physical security products. It has operations in approximately 45 countries. The products include IT peripherals, digital signage products, CE products, AIDC/POS products, physical security products, services provided by third parties and resold by the Company, components, and supplies and accessories. The Company's distribution services enables its suppliers to reach base of resellers, while providing resellers with multi-vendor solutions, integration services, electronic commerce tools, technical support and inventory management. 

Company News:
2017-06-13 19:31:08Ingram Micro Accelerates Growth Plan in Latin America2017-06-13 18:54:26Ingram Micro Accelerates Growth Plan in Latin America2017-05-15 19:31:25Ingram Micro Awarded 2017 Global Distribution Partner of the Year by Dell EMC2017-05-15 18:48:48Ingram Micro Awarded 2017 Global Distribution Partner of the Year by Dell EMC2017-05-10 19:31:29Ingram Micro Reports First Quarter Financial Results2017-05-10 18:48:48Ingram Micro Reports First Quarter Financial Results2017-04-25 19:30:50Ingram Micro Reports Fourth Quarter Financial Results2017-04-20 19:31:30Ingram Micro Revolutionizes Digital and Cloud Services Delivery in the Connected Economy2017-04-19 19:30:42Ingram Micro Named Global Symantec Distribution Partner2017-04-19 17:08:12Ingram Micro Named Global Symantec Distribution Partner 
 
People in the same industry:

Bruce SweilPresident & CEOU.S. RoboticsMark TemenPresident/CEOAVRNeil GroverPresident & CEOBuy.com, Inc. a Division of Rakuten, Ltd.Seth HallemCo-Founder Chairman CEO/PresidentCoverity, Inc.Robert MarcusPresidenn and CEORGB SpectrumAnthony SpierPresident & CEOWells-Gardner Electronics 







 











 














About Us 
Privacy 
Terms of Use 
Work for Us
Contact Us



People Directory:
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
Company Directory:
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z













Copyright ©  2017 Joesdata.com All Rights Reserved.






News - Current & Archived Company News | PACCAR



























RSS Feed



 



















RSS Feed



 




 








About Us


Get to Know PACCAR
History
Awards
Corporate Responsibility


Environmental Leadership
Philanthropy
Product Sustainability
Contact




Careers


Products & Services


DAF
DAF Brasil
Dynacraft
Kenworth
Leyland
PACCAR Australia
PACCAR Financial
PACCAR Global Sales


PACCAR Leasing
PACCAR Mexico
PACCAR Parts
PACCAR Powertrain
PACCAR Purchasing
PACCAR Technical Centers
PACCAR Winch
Peterbilt




Investors


Current Annual Report
Investor Contacts
Investor Presentation


SEC Filings/Data Archive
Shareholder FAQ
Stock Price History


Webcasts




News


Current News


Archived News
















Home
News
Archived News
2007
Gregory Spierkel Named to PACCAR Board





News
Current News
Archived News

2014
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
2007
2006
2005
2004




Gregory Spierkel Named to PACCAR Board

December 6, 2007, Bellevue, Washington  Mr. Gregory M.E. Spierkel has been named to the PACCAR Inc Board of Directors, effective at the 2008 annual shareholders meeting on April 22, 2008, according to Mark C. Pigott, PACCAR chairman and chief executive officer.  Mr. Spierkel will fill the vacancy created by the retirement of Harold A. Wagner from the Board on April 21, 2008.
Mr. Spierkel is chief executive officer of Ingram Micro Inc., the worlds leading technology distributor.  During his ten years with Ingram Micro, he has held senior positions including corporate president and president, Ingram Micro Europe, and was instrumental in establishing the company in Asia.  Mr. Spierkel earned a masters degree in business administration from Georgetown University.  He serves as a member of the board of the school of business at the University of California, Irvine and Chapman University.  He is also the chairman of the Global Technology Distribution Council, a trade association for the information technology industry.
"PACCAR is very pleased that Mr. Spierkel will be joining the Board.  His thorough understanding of the Asian and European marketplace and his technology and distribution background provide a strong perspective that will benefit PACCAR in its global growth," said Mark Pigott.
PACCAR is a global technology leader in the design, manufacture and customer support of high-quality light-, medium- and heavy-duty trucks under the Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF nameplates.  It also provides financial services and information technology and distributes truck parts related to its principal business.
PACCAR shares are traded on the Nasdaq Stock Market, symbol PCAR, and its homepage is www.paccar.com.







A WORLD OF OPPORTUNITY AWAITS. LEARN ABOUT CAREERS AT PACCAR ➝ 









© 2014 PACCAR Inc.  All rights reserved.
Privacy Statement
Terms of Use
Site Map


For technical problems involving this site contact internet producer














 Ingram Micro Inc., Gregory M. Spierkel,  























  A publisher of Business Information since 1983    



  









 
            





Search Business
		    
				Search Executive
		    

        

  Advanced Search








 
                 




 | 
		 
						
   							Sign In
   					
			 | 
	    Hints





    







Company Name
Ingram Micro Inc.
 
 
Ticker Symbol
IM












 Address

	        
				
						1600 E St. Andrew Pl.		        	
				
									        	
					
							
						
	        
					
			
					
					 	
					 		Santa Ana,
					 		
					 
					 
					 
					
           					 CA
           			
	    			
	    			
         					92799
         					
	    				
	    			
	    					
	    				
	    			
	    			         		
	    			
	    				
	       				 United States
						         
				



Email
  investor.relations@ingrammicro.com
Phone
 1-714-566-1000


Website


							        www.ingrammicro.com
							        

Fax

							         1-714-566-7900














            Summary            
      Executive Details      
       Financial Details       
       Board Members       
     Stock Ownership     
Subsidiaries









Business Information
															The group's principal activity is to distribute information technology products and supply chain solutions worldwide. It markets computer hardware, networking equipment, software products and systems. The computer hardware includes printers, scanners, displays, projectors, monitors, panels, mass storage and tape. The networking products consist of communications products, routers, switches, hubs, wireless local/wide area networks, network interface cards, video conferencing, storage area networks and security hardware. The software products consist of business application software, operating system software, entertainment software, middleware, developer software tools and security software. It offers a variety of systems such as servers, desktops, portable personal computers, tablet personal computers and personal digital assistants. It operates in North America, Europe, Latin America and Asia-Pacific. In 2003, the group acquired Ingram Macrotron AG.   
															






                       
																Executive Information                                                                
															



																Name

																Title
															

																Email
															

Kent FosterNon - Exec. Chmn. N/A  Alain MonieCOO, Pres. N/A  Karen SalemCIO, Sr. VP N/A  Kevin MuraiDir., COO, Pres. N/A  Alain MaquetSr. VP, Pres. - Ingram Micro Latin America N/A  

 
												




																Financial 
                                                                Information
                                                             ( All figures in $ '000 ) 



															  	Year

															  	Sales

															  	Net Income

2005 28,808,312216,9062006 31,357,477265,7662005 25,462,071219,901
																
																   

 
											
										
										  

TO SEE COMPLETE RESULTS SUBSCRIBE NOW
TO SEE COMPLETE RESULTS SUBSCRIBE NOW



Click for more Executives 




















       Financial Summary       
        Income Statement        
         Balance Sheet         
         Cash Flows         
          Ratios          







































                                              FOR SUBSCRIBERS ONLYCLICK HERE TO
                                              
                                              SUBSCRIBE NOW









































           
 
 
Home   |   About Us   |   Product Information    |   Subscription   |  List Builder    |  Executive List    |   Email Lists      |  Contact Us   |   Site Map   |  
 Browse Directory    




 

 &nbsp   ©
 2009, Walkers's Research - A publisher of Business Information since 1983, All Rights Reserved.

  






Gregory Spierkel Speaking Fee & Booking Agent Contact






































































call to book a celebrity 
 1.888.752.3532













 


















call to book a celebrity 
 1.888.752.3532    
 



About Us
Speaking Engagements
Appearances
Endorsements
Blog
Recent Bookings
Contact


















 

 




­ 



Home >
				Business Speakers >
				Gregory Spierkel
		

Gregory Spierkel Speaker Profile






 CEOs




 

Business Speakers, CEO Speakers, 
Fee Range: Call for Booking Fee
Travels From:  Available Upon Request











Available For: 
												Corporate Appearances, Speaking Engagements, Autograph Signings, Endorsements, Meet & Greets and Keynote Speeches 					 

Gregory Spierkel Booking Agent Information
Contact Celebrity Talent Promotions now at 1-888-752-3532 to book Gregory Spierkel for a guest appearance, motivational keynote speech, grand opening, autograph signing, product announcement, employee gathering, endorsement or speaking engagement. Our booking agents work on your behalf to get your organization the best price for your desired celebrity.
Booking agents at Celebrity Talent Promotions can assist with booking speakers such as Gregory Spierkel for speaking engagements or appearances. Our agents have years of experience booking Business Speakers, CEO Speakers and can provide availability, fees and all costs associated with hiring Gregory Spierkel for your next corporate event. If your company is interested in finding out booking fees and availability for Gregory Spierkel call us at 1.888.752.3532.
Gregory Spierkel Biography

Mr. Gregory M. E. Spierkel, Greg has been Chief Executive Officer of Ingram Micro Inc., since June 1, 2005. Mr. Spierkel served as President, Worldwide of Ingram Micro Inc., since January 2005. Mr. Spierkel served as Ingram Micro Inc.s Corporate President from March 23, 2004 to January 2005 and ...
>>Read More 


Mr. Gregory M. E. Spierkel, Greg has been Chief Executive Officer of Ingram Micro Inc., since June 1, 2005. Mr. Spierkel served as President, Worldwide of Ingram Micro Inc., since January 2005. Mr. Spierkel served as Ingram Micro Inc.s Corporate President from March 23, 2004 to January 2005 and served as its Executive Vice President since June 1999 and was responsible for the European and Asia- Pacific regions. Mr. Spierkel served as an Executive Vice President and President of Ingram Micro Europe, a division of Ingram Micro Inc., from June 1999 to March 2004. He served as Senior Vice President and President of Ingram Micro Asia-Pacific from July 1997 to June 1999 . He has been with Ingram Micro for 10 years. Prior to working for Ingram Micro, Mr. Spierkel served as Vice President of global sales and marketing of Mitel Inc. from March 1996 to June 1997 and served as President of North America at Mitel from April 1992 to March 1996. He serves as a member of the board of the school of business at the University of California, Irvine and Chapman University. Mr. Spierkel serves as a Member of Supervisory Board of Ingram Macrotron AG. Mr. Spierkel has been a Director of Ingram Micro Inc., since June 1, 2005 and PACCAR Inc., since April 22, 2008. He serves as Chairman of the Global Technology Distribution Council, a trade association for the information technology industry. Mr. Spierkel holds Bachelor of Commerce Degree. Mr. Spierkel holds a Masters Degree in Business Administration from Georgetown University. He also attended the Advanced Manufacturing Program at INSEAD in Fontainebleau, France and bachelors degree from Carleton University.

Business Speakers such as a Gregory Spierkel have been taking the stage and entertaining crowds for decades. The booking agents at Celebrity Talent Promotions can assist with Gregory Spierkel speaking engagements or appearances. We have years of experience in booking Business Speakers for keynote speeches and autograph signings. Hiring a Business Speaker like Gregory Spierkel is not a hard process. Our agents can provide availability, fees and all costs associated in bringing out a successful Business Speakers to your next corporate event. We can find Gregory Spierkel’s agent to make this booking happen. A Gregory Spierkel appearance will add energy to your upcoming event and reward employees, customers and clients. Most likely, fans and corporations can find Gregory Spierkel‘s official website, charity involvement, Twitter account, representation, publicist and management info at http://www.celebritytalentpromotions.com. If your company is interested in finding out booking fees and availability for hiring a speaker, celebrity or Gregory Spierkel for an appearance, autograph signing, endorsement or speaking engagement, call us at 1.888.752.3532 or fill out the booking form below













	     			﻿			  	Gregory Spierkel  Speaking Videos







Disclaimer:
Some parts of the celebrities' biography may be used from Wikipedia, used under the GNU Free Documentation License. CelebrityTalentPromotions.com acts only as an celebrity broker for corporate functions, private events and speaking engagements, and does not claim or represent itself as Gregory Spierkel's agent, speakers bureau, manager, publicist, assistant, PR firm or management company. Celebrity Talent Promotions is a Celebrity booking agency representing organizations seeking to hire motivational speakers, athletes, celebrities and corporate entertainment for private corporate events, celebrity endorsements, personal celebrity appearances, spokes person campaigns and speaking engagements. Gregory Spierkel's booking and appearance fees, costs and prices on this website are estimates and only act as a guideline. Booking fees are determined by several factors, including location of event, the celebrities schedule, desired duties, supply and demand and other market factors. Bios on this site are for informational purposes 















Check Availability


Fill out our form to get more information
on celebrity booking fees and availability






Fee Range:Please Select$2,500-$5,000$5,000-$10,000$10,000-$20,000$20,000-$30,000$30,000-$50,000$50,000-$100,000$100,000 and UpNot Sure



 
Search Other Talent:



Search Talent:


 By Category 
Accountant
Activists
Actors
Actresses
Addiction Speaker
Adventurers & Explorer
Advertising
Advertising Speakers
Aerospace
Agriculture
Analyst
Animal Speaker
Anthropologist
Architect
Architecture & Design Speakers
Artist
Arts & Sciences
Astronauts
Astrophysicist
Athlete
Attorney
Authors
Auto Racing
Aviation Speaker
Banking
--Baseball
Behavior Expert
Black Heritage
Blogger
Boxing
Broadcasters
Broadcasting Speakers
Broadway Stars
Business Advisor
Business Coach
Business Executive
Business Growth
Business Leaders
Business Referral
Business Speakers
Business Trainer
Cancer Speakers
Celebrity Chefs
Celebrity DJ
Celebrity Headliners
Celebrity Personalities
CEO Speakers
Children's Rights Advocate
Christian Speakers
Classic TV Star
Coaching
Comedians
Commentator
Communication Speakers
Community Leader
Computer Graphics
Computers
Conflict Resolution
Conservative Speaker
Consulting
Corporate Responsibility
Creativity Speaker
Critic
Customer Service
Cybersecurity
Dancer
Design
Designer
Developer
Digital Marketing
Digital Strategist
Diplomat
Director
Diversity Speakers
Doctor
Documentary Producer
E-Commerce
Economics
Editor
Education Speakers
Empowerment Speaker
Engineering
Entertainers
Entertainment
Entrepreneur Speakers
Environmental Speakers
Ethics & Integrity
Extreme Sports
Fashion Designers
Fashion Speaker
Featured Business Speakers
Featured Celebrities
Featured Celebrity Chefs
Featured Comedians
Featured Overall Speakers
Featured Technology Speakers
Featured TV Personalities
Female Hollywood Celebrities
Female Speakers
Figure Skating
Filmmaker
Financial Speakers
Fitness Experts
Fitness Speaker
Foods
Football Celebrities
Footballs
Foreign Policy Speakers
Futurist
Gender and Sexuality Speakers
Generation Issues
Global Issues
Golf
Government Officials
Government Speaker
Graphic Design
Green Speakers
Growth Leader
Hall of Famers
Health & Wellness Speakers
Healthcare
Heroes
Hispanic Heritage
Historian
Hockey
Home and Garden
Homeland Security and Terrorisms
Horse Racing
Hospitality
Host
Host Emcee
Hot Celebrity
Human Resource Speaker
Human Resources
Human Rights
Illusionist
Information Technology
Innovation Speakers
Inspirational Speakers
International Business Speakers
International Relations
Internet / Youtube Sensations
Internet Security
Internet Speaker
Inventor
Investments
Jewish Speakers
Journalist
Judicial System Speaker
Keynote Speaker
Language and Linguistics
Law Enforcement
Leadership Speakers
Legal Speakers
Liberal Speakers
Life Coach
Lifestyle Speakers
Magician
Male Hollywood Celebrities
Marketing Speakers
Marketings and Brandings
Media Speakers
Medical Speakers
Mental Health
Military
Ministry Speaker
Missionary
Models
Motivational Speakers
Musician
Negotiation
Networking
News Anchor
Non Profit Speakers
Nonprofit Fundraising
Nutrition Speakers
Olympic Athletes
Pediatrics
Personal Development
Personal Finance
Personal Growth Speaker
Philanthropist
Philosopher
Photographer
Pilot
Poet
Political Speakers
Producers & Directors
--Professor
Programming
Psychology Speakers
Public Policy
Public Relations
Public Speaking
Publishing
Real Estate Speakers
Reality TV Stars
Record Label Producer
Relationship Speakers
Religion
Religious Speaker
Reporter
--Researcher
Sales Speakers
Scholar
Science & Engineering
Security Expert
Seminar Speakers
Sex Expert
Skateboarders
Skiing
Small Business Speakers
Soccer Celebrities
Social Media Speakers
Software Engineer
Spanish Culture
Sports
Sports Broadcasters
Sports Figures
Sports Inspiration
Sports Motivation
Strategist
Stuntman
Success
Supreme Court Justice
Sustainability
Swimmers and Divers
Swimming
Talent Agent
--Teacher
Teamwork and Teambuildings
Technology Speakers
Television Personalities
Tennis Player
Therapist
Top Technology Speakers
Top10 Business Speakers
Top10 Celebrity Chefs
Top10 Comedians
Top10 Technology Speakers
Top10 TV Personalities
TV Personalities
University Speakers
Venture Capitals
Vice President of a Business
Violence Speaker
Viral Marketing
Web Developer
Wine Enthusiast and Educator
Women Speakers
Women's Health
Women's Rights
Women's Speaker
Writer
Writers and Journalists
Youth Outreach
YouTube Sensations




 By Fee 
 Call for Booking Fee 
$5,000-$10,000
$10,000-$20,000
$20,000-$30,000
$30,000-$50,000
$50,000-$100,000
$100,000 and Up


 






Questions About Booking?

Speak to our 
Live Booking Agents
call to book a celebrity 
 1.888.752.3532



Similar Talent and Speakers


 
Joel Spolsky
CEO of Stack Exchange & Co-Founder at Fog Creek Software




 
Joel Manby
President and Chief Executive Officer of Herschend Family Entertainment Corporation




 
Joel Klein
CEO of Amplify; Executive Vice President, Office of the Chairman, News Corporation; Former Chancellor of NYC Department of Education




 
Joel Goldstein
Author, Speaker, Educator




 
Joel Flory
Co-Founder & CEO of VSCO




>>View More Speakers





 


Start Your Celebrity Booking Request Now







 
  
 
 


 










Ingram Micro Inc 3351 Michelson Dr Irvine, CA Kellogg-American - MapQuest







































































































    Ingram Micro Inc
  

3351 Michelson Dr

Irvine
CA
92612




6 Reviews



(714) 566-1000
Website

        Menu & Reservations
      



            Make Reservations 




            Order Online
          

            Tickets
          




          Tickets
        


        See Availability
      





      Nearby
    


      Directions
    


    {{::location.tagLine.value.text}}
  



Sponsored Topics









Opening Hours

Mon: 9am-5pm
Tue: 9am-5pm
Wed: 9am-5pm
Thu: 9am-5pm
Fri: 9am-5pm


































See a problem?
Let us know!



















03/01/2017

Kanad B.

Kanad B.



    Well, I am thinking where should I start. I am Math a Professor(with Phd, postdoc and several well acknowledged publications under my belt), one of my acquaintance placed my Academic CV(not...
    














07/19/2016

Tom F.

Tom F.



    Horrible customer service ...long holds, nobody has a clue and then, the last customer service rep seemed confused and put me on perpetual hold...seemed malicious but...Maybe I'm wrong...
    














06/24/2016

Joost M.

Joost M.



    Very big company that does more then you can possible think of. The organization is huge and will keep on growing.
    














04/24/2015

Chad T.

Chad T.



    I worked for this company for about three years. Place is a slave ship. They care nothing for employees just dollars would matter if you family was in the hospital they would still fire you.
    






  
  
            Founded in 1979, Ingram Micro is a company that provides sales, marketing and logistics. Its focus is in the field of technology. The company creates sales opportunities for vendors and resellers through marketing programs, outsourced logistics services, technical support, financial services, and product aggregation and distribution. The company offers a broad array of products and services to more than 160,000 resellers by distributing and marketing hundreds of thousands of information technology products from nearly 1,400 suppliers. Through the company s Ingram Micro Logistics division, it provides customizable services for order management and fulfillment, contract manufacturing, contract warehousing, product procurement, product pack-out and cartonization, reverse logistics, transportation management, customer care, and credit and collection management services. Gregory M. Spierkel has been the chief executive officer of Ingram Micro for more than a year. He has been with the technology, hardware and software company for over nine years. Spierkel earned a BBA degree from Carleton University (Canada), and a MBA from Georgetown University. Headquartered in Santa Ana, Calif., Ingram Micro serves more than 90 countries and has operations in Asia.
          






















Legal






Help























About US | PACCAR


























RSS Feed



 



















RSS Feed



 




 








About Us


Get to Know PACCAR
History
Awards
Corporate Responsibility


Environmental Leadership
Philanthropy
Product Sustainability
Contact




Careers


Products & Services


DAF
DAF Brasil
Dynacraft
Kenworth
Leyland
PACCAR Australia
PACCAR Financial
PACCAR Global Sales


PACCAR Leasing
PACCAR Mexico
PACCAR Parts
PACCAR Powertrain
PACCAR Purchasing
PACCAR Technical Centers
PACCAR Winch
Peterbilt




Investors


Current Annual Report
Investor Contacts
Investor Presentation


SEC Filings/Data Archive
Shareholder FAQ
Stock Price History


Webcasts




News


Current News


Archived News
















Home
About Us
Corporate Responsibility
Board of Directors



About Us
Get to Know PACCAR
History
Awards
Corporate Responsibility

Board of Directors

Ronald E. Armstrong
Dame Alison J. Carnwath
Beth E. Ford
Kirk S. Hachigian
Luiz Kaufmann
Roderick C. McGeary
John M. Pigott
Mark C. Pigott
Mark A. Schulz
Gregory M. E. Spierkel
Charles R. Williamson

Board Committees
Governance Guidelines
Contact the Board
Code of Business Conduct
Code of Business Ethics
Conflict Minerals Policy
State of California Transparency in Supply Chains Act
Supplier Code of Conduct

Environmental Leadership
Philanthropy
Product Sustainability
Contact



Board of Directors
 Download PDF

May 11, 2016


Ronald E. Armstrong
RONALD E. ARMSTRONG, age 60, is Chief Executive Officer of the Company and has held that position since April 2014.  Mr. Armstrong served as President of the Company from January 2011 to April 2014, Executive Vice President from August to December 2010, Senior Vice President from December 2007 to July 2010, and Vice President from November 2002 to November 2007.  Previously, he was a senior manager with Ernst & Young where he worked for 16 years.  He has served as a director of the Company since 2014.

Dame Alison J. Carnwath
DAME ALISON J. CARNWATH, age 62, is chairman of Land Securities plc, the United Kingdom’s largest property company listed on the London Stock Exchange and has held that position since 2008.  She has also been a senior adviser to Evercore Partners, an independent corporate finance advisory firm (formerly known as Lexicon Partners) since 2005, and chairman of the management board and investment committee at Living Bridge Equity Partners, LLP, a private equity firm (formerly known as ISIS Equity Partners, LLP) since 1999, both based in the United Kingdom.  She has been a member of the supervisory board and chairman of the audit committee of BASF, a leading chemical company based in Germany, since 2014, and she has served as a director of Zurich Insurance Group since 2012.  She previously served as non-executive chairman of MF Global Holdings Ltd. (2008-2010); and as a director of the Man Group plc (2001-2013), Malachite, a UK consulting firm (2010-2012), Barclays plc (2010-2012), and Friends Provident plc (2002-2008), all United Kingdom based companies.  She has served as a director of the Company since 2005. 

Beth E. Ford
BETH E. FORD, age 51, is executive vice president, chief supply chain and operations officer at Land O’Lakes, a member-owned agricultural production and dairy cooperative and has held that position since 2012.  Ms. Ford served as executive vice president and head of supply chain at International Flavor and Fragrances (2008-2011).  Ms. Ford has served as a director of Clearwater Paper Corporation since 2013.  She is on the Dean’s Advisory Committee for the College of Business at Iowa State University and the Board of Advisors at the Columbia University Business School.  She has served as a director of the Company since 2015.

Kirk S. Hachigian
KIRK S. HACHIGIAN, age 55, is chairman, president and chief executive officer of JELD-WEN inc., a global manufacturer of windows and doors and has held that position since April 2014.  He previously served as a principal of SkyKarr Capital LLC, a private investment firm, from 2013 to March 2014 and as chairman, president and chief executive officer of Cooper Industries plc, a $5.8 billion global manufacturer of electrical products, from 2006 until it was acquired by Eaton Corporation in 2012.  He has served as lead director for Allegion plc and as a director of NextEra Energy Inc. since 2013.  He has served as a director of the Company since 2008.

Luiz Kaufmann
LUIZ KAUFMANN, age 69, is managing partner of L. Kaufmann Consultants in Sao Paulo, Brasil, a company which provides investment banking services and operational leadership in mergers and acquisitions and has held that position since 2008.  He currently also serves as CEO and is a director of El Tejar Limited, a Bermuda-based company that has agriculture and livestock operations in South America and has held that position since 2013.  He also serves on the advisory council for Nubank, E02 and Endless Mobile since 2013.  He previously served as president and CEO of Kroton Educacional (2009-2010) and as President and CEO (2006-2008) and as a director (2001-2006) of Medial Saude.  He previously served as a director of several Brazilian companies including GOL, a Brazilian airline (2004-2016) and Vivo, the largest mobile telecom company in Brasil (2005-2009).  He previously held CEO positions at several Brazilian companies including Aracruz Celulose, the largest eucalyptus pulp producer in the world (1993-1998), and Grupo Multiplic (1985-1990), a diversified financial group.  He also served as the managing director of Arthur D. Little in Brasil (1977-1984).  He has served as a director of the Company since 2012.

Roderick C. McGeary
RODERICK C. MCGEARY, age 64, served in consulting and audit roles with KPMG LLP from 1972 to 2000 culminating in the position as co-vice chairman of consulting (1997-1999). He was chairman of BearingPoint Inc., formerly KPMG Consulting, LLC, a management and technology consulting firm, from 2004 to 2009 and was its interim chief executive officer from 2004 to 2005. BearingPoint filed for protection under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code in February 2009 and its plan under Chapter 11 was declared effective as of December 30, 2009. He has served as a director of Cisco Systems since 2003. He previously served as non-executive chairman of Tegile Systems, Inc. (2010-2012) and as a director of Dionex Corporation (2004-2011) and National Semiconductor Corporation (2009-2011). He has served as a director of the Company since 2012.

John M. Pigott
JOHN M. PIGOTT, age 51, is a partner in Beta Business Ventures, LLC, a private investment company concentrating in natural resources, and was a partner in the predecessor company Beta Capital Group, LLC since 2003.  He is the brother of Mark C. Pigott, a director of the Company.  He has served as a director of the Company since 2009.

Mark C. Pigott
MARK C. PIGOTT, age 61, is Executive Chairman of the Company and has held that position since April 2014.  Mr. Pigott was Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company from January 1997 to April 2014, Vice Chairman from January 1995 to December 1996, Executive Vice President from December 1993 to January 1995, Senior Vice President from January 1990 to December 1993, and Vice President from October 1988 to December 1989.  He has served as a director of Franklin Resources Inc., an investment management company, since 2011.  He is the brother of John M. Pigott, a director of the Company.  He has served as a director of the Company since 1994. 

Mark A. Schulz
MARK A. SCHULZ, age 62, served as president of international operations at Ford Motor Company from 2005 until his retirement in 2007.  He is currently president and chief executive officer of M. A. Schulz and Associates, a management consulting firm, and a founding partner in Fontinalis Partners, LLC, a transportation technology strategic investment firm.  He has served as a director of Dana Holdings Corporation since 2008 and previously served as a director of YRC Worldwide, Inc. (2007-2009), and as a director of the National Committee of United States-China Relations and the United States-China Business Council.  He has served as a director of the Company since 2012.

Gregory M. E. Spierkel
GREGORY M. E. SPIERKEL, age 58, served as chief executive officer of Ingram Micro Inc., a $34 billion worldwide distributor of technology products, from 2005 to 2012.  He previously served as president from March 2004 to April 2005.  During his 14-year tenure with that company he held other senior positions including executive vice president.  He was also a director of Ingram Micro (2005-2012).  He has served as a director of MGM Resorts International since 2013 and as a director of Schneider Electric (Paris) since October 2014.  He has served as a director of the Company since 2008. 

Charles R. Williamson
CHARLES R. WILLIAMSON, age 67, has served as chairman of the board of Weyerhaeuser Company, a forest products company, since 2009 and served as chairman of Talisman Energy Inc., a Canadian oil and gas company (2009-2015). He served as chairman and chief executive officer of Unocal, the California-based energy company, from 2001 until Unocal merged with Chevron in August 2005. Mr. Williamson was the chairman of the US-ASEAN Business Council (2002-2005). He has served as a director of the Company since 2006 and serves as lead director.
back to top










A WORLD OF OPPORTUNITY AWAITS. LEARN ABOUT CAREERS AT PACCAR ➝ 









© 2014 PACCAR Inc.  All rights reserved.
Privacy Statement
Terms of Use
Site Map


For technical problems involving this site contact internet producer














