






Spineology |


























Skip to main content



 








Products
Procedures
Clinical Trials
About Us
Contact Us






 









  
 Next-generation expandable technology that maximizes bone grafting and expansion control, while minimizing impaction and retraction. Read more
 
 Elite™  

  
 The integrated break-off screw extension design minimizes procedural steps and limits tissue disruption during screw insertion and rod placement.  Read more
 
 Palisade™  

  
 Cortical Fibers are a unique osteoinductive and osteoconductive bone grafting option that offers excellent handling properties. Read More
 
 Incite™  

  
 Fortress is a minimally invasive, cortico-cancellous pedicular fixation system that is implanted with a medial-to-lateral screw trajectory to minimize exposure. Read more
 
 Fortress™  

  
 The anatomy-conserving SOAR system is the first retractor to integrate neural retraction and articulating discectomy instruments.  Read More
 
 SOAR™  





 







US Home Page



Anatomy-Conserving Surgery
Spineology's focus is Anatomy-Conserving Surgery. Anatomy-Conserving Surgery strives to enable surgeons to treat a broad array of pathologies with minimal disruption to bone, nerve, and muscle tissue.
Our mission:
Transform spine surgery by providing innovative, anatomy-conserving technologies for surgeons and their patients.
 






 


©2017 Spineology Inc. | Phone: 651-256-8500 | E-mail: marketing@spineology.com













OptiMesh® Graft Containment | Spineology





























Skip to main content



 








Products
Procedures
Clinical Trials
About Us
Contact Us









  
  

  
  

  
  

  
  

  
  


 









   

   

   

   

   




 








You are hereHome » United States » Products » Graft Containment » OptiMesh® Graft Containment 
OptiMesh® Graft Containment




The OptiMesh system features a deployable mesh implant and expanding instrumentation. The empty mesh is inserted through a small cannula and filled in situ with granular bone graft.
The OptiMesh system features:
Deployability
In situ filling of the mesh creates an enlarged graft “footprint”
Small insertion cannula minimizes retraction needs
Open, minimally invasive, and percutaneous implantation methods
Conformity
The mesh and graft pack intimately conform to the host bone, providing direct apposition to facilitate  graft incorporation
Containment
Maintains granular pack position at the operative site
OptiMesh Product Labeling
Indications for Use:
OptiMesh is intended to maintain the relative position of bone graft material (such as autograft or allograft) within a vertebral body defect (e.g. tumor) that does not impact the stability of the vertebral body and does not include the vertebral endplates.
The safety and effectiveness of this device used for fusion of the interbody space has not been established.

Contraindication:
Do not use this device in patients with instability (e.g., resected or collapsed vertebral bodies or fracture of the anterior column). This device does not provide structural support.
Federal law (USA) restricts this device to sale by or on the order of a physician.
For a complete listing of indications, contraindications, precautions and warnings, please refer to the package insert.
 







Our Products


ACT

Pedicular Fixation
MIS Systems
Palisade™ Pedicular Fixation
Threshold™ Pedicular Fixation
Fortress™ Pedicular Fixation
Open Systems
CapLOX II™ Spinal System

Biologics
Essence™ Viable Amnion Matrix
Blockade™ Amniotic Protective Barrier
Incite™ DBM Strips
Incite™ Cortical Fibers

Interbody
Elite™ Expandable
Rampart™ O
Rampart™ T

Non Pedicular Fixation
Capture™ Facet Fixation
VIA™ Spinous Process Fixation

Access
Medius™ Retractor System
SOAR™ Retractor System
ProMap™ EMG Nagivation System

Graft Containment
OptiMesh® Graft Containment








 


©2017 Spineology Inc. | Phone: 651-256-8500 | E-mail: marketing@spineology.com










Spineology Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback





























spineology inc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Health Care
Industry: Medical Equipment & Devices
Sub-Industry: Medical Devices
Spineology, Inc. produces and distributes medical instruments. The Company offers deployable grafting, pedicular fixation, interbody fusion, retractor, liquid tissue matrix, amniotic wound covering, spinal fixation, allograft, and facet fixation systems. Spineology markets its products worldwide.




Corporate Information
Address:

7800 3rd Street North
Suite 600
St. Paul, MN 55128-5455
United States


Phone:
1-651-256-8500


Fax:
1-651-256-8505


Web url:
www.spineology.com





Board Members




Chairman
Company


James Rybicki
Spineology Inc








Chief Executive Officer
Company


John Booth
Spineology Inc








Board Members
Company


Donald Brattain
Brattain & Associates LLC


Edson Spencer
Affinity Capital Management Co


Anthony Recupero
SI-Bone Inc






Show More
























From The Web











Key Executives


James T Rybicki


Chairman




John J Booth


Chief Executive Officer




Dan Walsh


VP:Finance And Administration




Daniel D McPhillips


VP:Marketing And Education




Karen M Roche


VP:Operations And Technology




Timothy R Walnofer


VP:U.S Sales







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data





































	Spineology Inc to Distribute BioDlogics Products













































Employer:
Login
Post Jobs


Job Seeker:
Login
Sign Up

























Search Life Sciences Jobs





Search Job Title Only












Radius:
Miles



Km80.5
















                 News | News By Subject | News by Disease |  
    News By Date | Search News



















Get Our FREEIndustry eNewsletter

email:


*
            
*
            



















 

 






Spineology Inc. to Distribute BioDlogics Products
  











Tweet








11/1/2011 10:19:16 AM


ST. PAUL, Minn.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Spineology Inc., the innovator in anatomy conserving surgery technologies, today announced that it has entered into an agreement with BioDlogics to distribute that company’s line of allograft tissue forms. 
“BioDlogics’ products provide a very attractive complement to our current product line,” said John Booth, CEO for Spineology. “We believe that recent advances in regenerative medicine have the potential to significantly improve patient outcomes in numerous clinical applications. We look forward to working with BioDlogics to offer its line of novel allograft tissue to surgeons using our products.”






                Read at
                BioSpace.com







Related News
Spineology Inc. Receives FDA Clearance for Rampart(TM) Interbody Fusion System  LDR Announces FDA Clearance of the ROI-A(R) Oblique ALIF Cage  Spineology Inc. to Distribute Captiva Spine(TM) capLOX(TM) Pedicle Screw System  Sensors for Medicine and Science, Inc. Raises $54.1 Million Series D Financing
  Spineology Inc. Adds $1.5 Million  China Department of Health Issues Safety Notice for Boston Scientific Corporation (BSX) X-Ray Device  Spineology Inc. Secures $7.5 Million in Financing; Company Poised to Expand Commercialization and Development in $4 Billion Spine Market  Medtronic, Inc. (MDT) Receives First FDA Approval of Cobalt Chromium Balloon-Expandable Stent to Treat Narrowed Iliac Arteries  Spineology Inc. Secures Additional $1.5 Million in Second Round of Financing; Ed Spencer Jr. Joins Board of Directors  FDA Advisors: AtriCure, Inc. (ATRC) Device Effective for afib; Stock Rises +1.82 (18.20%) @ 11:21AM EDT  




Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
comments powered by Disqus






















                            •
                            BioSpace.com










                            •
                            Spineology Inc.




             
        





                            •
                            Medical Devices



                            •
                            Medical Dev. & Diag. - Product News




             
        















                              
                            

                              
                             
                              
                            

                              
                            








                 































	Market Report: Spineology Inc. - Product Pipeline Analysis, 2015 Update

















































ABOUT US

• PUBLISHERS
• CONTACT US
• CART




Login | Register















All Industries
Business & Finance
-- Business
-- Financial Services
-- Insurance
-- Marketing
Consumer & Food
-- Beverages
-- Consumer Goods
-- Food
-- Retailing
Healthcare
-- Biotechnology
-- Healthcare
-- Medical Devices
-- Pharmaceuticals
Heavy Industry
-- Construction
-- Energy
-- Manufacturing
-- Materials
-- Transportation
Internet & Media
-- E-Business
-- Internet
-- Media
-- Publishing
Public Sector
-- Defense
-- Education
-- Government
Telecom & Computing
-- Computer Technology
-- Fixed Networks
-- Software
-- Wireless
Company/Country Reports
-- Company Reports
-- Country Reports
-- Regional Reports


 
            













                        Processing...




Spineology Inc. - Product Pipeline Analysis, 2015 Update

     
                        May 13, 2015 - GlobalData 
                    
                - 20 pages 
                - USD $750 
         





Click here to open the POPUP


                        You've added the following report to your cart:CLOSE








Cart Summary



                                    Total Items: 
                                

                                    SubTotal: 
                                


    









Report Summary


Table of Contents


Request Details


Related







SummarySpineology Inc. (Spineology) is a medical device company that designs and develops numerous spinal implants includes Spineology's flagship product. The company's products include deployable grafting system, pedicular fixation system, interbody fusion system, retractor system, liquid tissue matrix, amniotic fixation system, allografts and facet fixation system. It also develops spinal ailments to reduce the invasiveness of spine surgery for patients and the surgeon to overcome the hurdles of minimally invasive surgery, and to minimize the burden of healthcare expense. Spineology is headquartered in Saint Paul, Minnesota, the US.This report is a source for data, analysis, and actionable intelligence on the company's portfolio of pipeline products. The report provides key information about the company, its major products and brands.The report enhances decision making capabilities and help to create effective counter strategies to gain competitive advantage.Scope:The report reviews detailed company profile with information on business description, key company facts, major products and services, key competitors, key employees, locations and subsidiaries and recent developmentsThe report analyzes all pipeline products in development for the company Spineology Inc.The report provides pipeline analysis on all pipeline products of the company (by equipment type, by indication, by development stage, and by trial status)The report covers detailed information on each pipeline product with information on pipeline territory, stage of development, device class, regulatory path, indication(s), application(s) and estimated launch dateThe report provides detailed description of products in development, technical specification and functionsThe report also covers ongoing clinical trials (wherever applicable) with information on trial name, trial objective, sponsor, trial design , trial status and phase, estimated start and end date.Reasons to Buy:Develop business strategies by understanding the trends and developments driving the medical devices pipeline and technology landscapeDesign and develop your product development, marketing and sales strategies by understanding the competitor portfolioTo formulate effective Research & Development strategiesDevelop market-entry and market expansion strategiesExploit in-licensing and out-licensing opportunities by identifying products, most likely to ensure a robust returnPlan mergers and acquisitions effectively by identifying key players of the most promising pipelineIdentify emerging players with potentially strong product portfolio and create effective counter-strategies to gain competitive advantageDevelop competition strategies by identifying the status and likely launch of the competitors' pipeline products through review of the clinical trials, stage and of development, etcIdentify, understand and capitalize the next high-value products that your competitor would add in its portfolio
Table of ContentsTable of ContentsList of TablesList of FiguresSpineology Inc. Company SnapshotSpineology Inc. Company OverviewKey InformationSpineology Inc. Pipeline Products and Clinical Trials OverviewSpineology Inc. - Pipeline Analysis OverviewKey FactsSpineology Inc. - Major Products and ServicesSpineology Inc. Pipeline Products by Development StageSpineology Inc. Pipeline Products OverviewOptiMesh 1500DSOptiMesh 1500DS Product OverviewOptiMesh 1500EOptiMesh 1500E Product OverviewOptiMesh 500EOptiMesh 500E Product OverviewSpineology Inc. - Key CompetitorsSpineology Inc. - Key EmployeesSpineology Inc. - Locations And SubsidiariesHead OfficeRecent DevelopmentsSpineology Inc., Recent DevelopmentsSep 15, 2014: Spineology Announces Release of a Next Generation Spinous Process Fixation SystemOct 27, 2011: Spineology To Unveil New Threshold Minimally Invasive Pedicular Fixation System At NASS 2011Oct 18, 2011: Spineology Receives FDA Clearance For Rampart Interbody Fusion SystemOct 10, 2011: Spineology To Launch SOAR Retractor LineMar 01, 2010: Spineology to Distribute Captiva Spine capLox Pedicle Screw SystemNov 18, 2009: Spineology Annoucnes FDA Approval For Capture Facet Screw SystemApr 03, 2008: Spineology Appoints New Board MemberAppendixMethodologyAbout GlobalDataContact UsDisclaimerList of TablesSpineology Inc., Key FactsSpineology Inc. Pipeline Products and Clinical Trials OverviewSpineology Inc. Pipeline Products by Equipment TypeSpineology Inc. Pipeline Products by IndicationSpineology Inc., Key FactsSpineology Inc., Major Products and ServicesSpineology Inc. Number of Pipeline Products by Development StageSpineology Inc. Pipeline Products Summary by Development StageOptiMesh 1500DS - Product StatusOptiMesh 1500DS - Product DescriptionOptiMesh 1500E - Product StatusOptiMesh 1500E - Product DescriptionOptiMesh 500E - Product StatusOptiMesh 500E - Product DescriptionSpineology Inc., Key EmployeesList of FiguresSpineology Inc. Pipeline Products by Equipment TypeSpineology Inc. Pipeline Products by Development Stage
This report does not have a list of Companies Mentioned available
This report does not have a press release associated with it









Order Today!

FORMAT: Single User PDF - Delivered by Email 
$750  USD
LICENSE: Single User 
DELIVERY: By Email - 1 Business Day


























The Fast Market Research Advantage

Only the Best
            All of our research is sourced from the most trusted and established global analysts and consultancies
Client Focused
            From start-ups to multinationals, we focus on providing the right research to our diverse client base
Shop Securely
            Our US-based customer service team and eCommerce systems adhere to the highest data security standards
Industry-leading Customer Support
            Individualized assistance from our expert staff is never more than an email or phone call away




BEST PRICE GUARANTEE
We are committed to providing the best research at the lowest cost.  We will match any published price for the same report, guaranteed!



EASY ORDERING
Once you’ve found the right report, click ‘order now’ and complete the checkout process
using any major credit card, check or wire/bank transfer.Need multi-user or enterprise license pricing?  Contact us for a custom quote!
                  




About the Publisher
GlobalData is a leading provider of global business intelligence including market, competitor, product and customer information. It provides in-depth research, analysis, data and forecasts through a range of interactive online databases, reports and management briefings. GlobalData has a large team of experienced research and analysis, consulting, and marketing experts. It has a global presence, including key offices in the US, Europe and Asia. The group has over 50 years of experience of delivering market intelligence data and analysis and a highly experienced senior management team.

Publisher Details







Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | FLASHALERTS


Copyright &copy 2017 Fast Market Research, Inc.



























Spineology Inc - Company Details




























Login | Vendor Registration 



Home > Companies > Spineology Inc 









CLICK FOR ADVANCED SEARCH



SEARCH NOW











Company





Company Details | General Information | Quality Certifications | Executive Contacts | Product Lines

Company Details

Spineology Inc7800 3rd St N Suite 600St Paul, MN 55128 United StatesPhone:(651) 256-8500Toll Free Number:(888) 377-4633                    


[Save to my library] 



How to edit your company listing



General Information


UMDC Code:
382745


Fax:
(651) 256-8505


Email:
marketing@spineology.com


Website:
http://www.spineology.com


Manufacturer:
Yes


Distributor:
Yes


Importer:
No


Exporter:
Yes


Servicer:
No


Sells Directly:
No


Sells Through Distribution:
Yes


Sells Through Reps:
Yes


Reconditioner:
No


Company Type:

                        Private                    


Business Started:
1997


Business Lines:
Manufacturer/Distributor/Exporter


Quality Regulations:
ISO9001/EN46001/CE_MARK


Sales Channels:
Reps/Distributors


Leases:
No


Woman Owned:
No


Minority Owned:
No


Small Business:
No


VA Contract:
No


GSA Contract:
No


Quality Certifications


ISO 9001:
Yes


ISO 9002:
No


ISO 9003:
No


CE Mark:
Yes


ISO 9001 2000:
No


EN46001:
Yes


EN46002:
No


ISO 13485:
No


Executive Contacts


Contact:
Patricia Garrett


CEO Name:
John J Booth


CFO Name:
Dan Walsh, Vice President Finance


Reg Affairs:
Pamela Snyder, Regulatory Affairs and Clinical Director


Sales VP:
Timothy R Walnofer, Vice President Sales Domestic


Contact:
marketing@spineology.com


Product Lines


Categories:

Orthopedic Internal Fixation Systems, Spinal,  Allografts,  Surgical Retractor Kits, Spine,  Mesh Pouches, Spinal Implant/Bone Graft 





Company Rating

            Be the first to rate this company! You must sign in.        


Please provide the following information and a representative of Spineology Inc  will contact you to assist with any questions you might have.Email *First Name *Last Name *Organization Name *Profession*--SELECT--PhysicianNurse/Advanced Practice NursePharmacistPhysician AssistantMedical StudentOther Healthcare ProviderHealthcare Business and AdministrationHealthcare IT professionalOtherProfessional Title *Phone *Comments 




Featured Content









                                                            Featured White Papers
                                                        


Automated On-Call Scheduling: Small Step, Big GainsTackling administrative challenges in healthcare enterprises often means big resource commitments that take years to pay off. But on-call scheduling technology can reverse that equation, delivering impressive ROI from a relatively modest investment of time and money.Download This ResearchThe 8 Must-Haves for Your Medical Practice WebsiteIf your practice website only tells visitors about your practice, then it's not doing all it should.Websites that convert visitors to patients all use certain elements to ensure  their online success. A mix of SEO tips, good marketing strategy, and tested usability features, here's the eight must-haves for your medical practice website.Download This ResearchFour Easy Steps to Market Your Practice OnlineThanks to advancing technology, marketing a medical practice online doesn't have to be costly and confusing. In fact, it can be distilled down into four basic steps that anyone can take. These are: (1) Creating a viable, enhanced practice website, (2) utilizing techniques to be found by patients online, (3) engaging in social media and mobile health apps, and (4) monitoring your online reputation. We'll discuss these in this whitepaper as well as the best practices for each.
Download This Research 










Home |
                    Specialties |
                    About |
                    Terms of Service |
                    Privacy Policy


                    Copyright 2017 Medical Product Guide. All Rights Reserved  
ECRI Institute Universal Medical Device Nomenclature System (UMDNS™) Proprietary Statement




Advanced Search

                There are 3 types of search. Please only use one option at a time.
                
1) Build a boolean search string.
Ensure that document matches include...

...all of these word(s):



...and optionally include these word(s):



...but do not have these word(s):




2) Search for a phrase:

Enter your phrase:




3) Search on part of a word:

Enter the first few characters of a word:




Submit



Information on how to use Search

                    There are 2 types of basic queries: Terms and Phrases.
                    A Term is a single word search.
                    A Phrase would wrap a string of words in quotes and find matches on the extact string.
                

Boolean Operators
You can combine basic queries with Boolean operators to form a more complex query. Boolean operators define the relationships between Terms or Phrases. Our search supports the following Boolean operators: AND, "+", OR, NOT and "-". Please note that Boolean operators must be all uppercase.
                

AND
example search: default AND document
                    This is the default operator. It will be used if there is no Boolean operator between two terms. For example:
                    default document is the same as default AND document. In this case both terms need to exist within a listing to find a match on that listing.The + character is synonymous with using AND.
                

OR
example search: default OR document
                    In this case just one of the terms needs to exist within a listing to find a match on that listing.
                

NOT
example search: default NOT "document type"
                    The NOT operator excludes documents that contain the term (or phrase) after NOT. So a listing match would have to include the word default but not the phrase "document type". The - character is synonymous with using NOT.
                

Wildcard/Prefix queries
You can perform "wildcard" or "prefix" queries using the '*' operator. Whereas all of the previous search found exact matches on the whole term or phrase, a wildcard search will find partial matches.
                    example search: ehr*
                    This query will match all documents containing words beginning with the prefix 'ehr' like the word Ehrlichia.
                








Spineology Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 22, 2017 8:20 AM ET
Healthcare Equipment and Supplies

Company Overview of Spineology Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Spineology Inc. provides anatomy-conserving spine surgery technology solutions. The company offers Threshold and Fortress pedicular fixation systems; CapLOX II, a spinal fixation system; Prime, a liquid tissue matrix; Armor amniotic wound covering, an immune-privileged human allograft; Incite allografts; and Rampart O and Rampart T interbody fusions. It also provides Capture, a facet fixation product; VIA, a spinous process fixation system; Medius, a midline retractor system; SOAR, a retractor system; ProMap, an EMG navigation system; and OptiMesh, a graft containment system. The company was founded in 1996 and is based in Saint Paul, Minnesota.


7800 3rd Street NorthSuite 600Saint Paul, MN 55128-5455United StatesFounded in 1996



Phone: 651-256-8500

Fax: 651-256-8505

www.spineology.com







Key Executives for Spineology Inc.




Mr. John J. Booth


      	Chief Executive Officer and Director
      


Age: 62
        







Mr. Dan Walsh


      	Vice President of Finance and Administration
      








Ms. Karen M. Roche


      	Vice President of Operations and Technology
      








Mr. Timothy R. Walnofer


      	Vice President of U.S. Sales
      








Mr. Daniel D. McPhillips


      	Vice President of Marketing and Education
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Spineology Inc. Key Developments

Spineology Inc. Announces FDA Clearance of Rampart One™ Anterior Lumbar Interbody Fusion System
Jun 27 17
Spineology Inc. announced FDA clearance of the Rampart One Anterior Lumbar Interbody Fusion System. Rampart One is designed to minimize the exposure and vascular retraction requirements associated with traditional anterior spinal fusion procedures. The system includes both standard and oblique interbody device footprints each with integrated fixation screws. Rampart One is manufactured from Invibio® PEEK-OPTIMA® HA Enhanced material. This provides an improved osteoconductive surface for bone on-growth while preserving the traditional benefits of PEEK-OPTIMA Natural including a modulus similar to bone, reduced stress shielding and artifact-free imaging.


Spineology Inc. Completes Release for Elite™ Expandable Interbody Fusion System
Oct 14 16
Spineology Inc. announced the completion of the Elite™ Expandable Interbody Fusion System limited release. The Elite Expanding Interbody Implant is inserted into the disc space in a contracted minimal height to minimize dissection and neural retraction. It is then incrementally expanded to restore the anatomical height of the space in order to maximize fit and potentially provide indirect neural decompression. The broad selection of implant heights and lordotic options provide exceptional flexibility and the ability to treat a large range of patients. Additionally, the distraction capabilities and ability to lock the implant at any height during expansion is a feature that further enhances device fit and restoration potential.


Spineology Inc. Obtains FDA Clearance for Use of Allograft Bone with its Rampart Interbody Fusion Devices
Oct 10 16
Spineology Inc. announced that it has obtained FDA clearance for the use of allograft bone with its Rampart Interbody Fusion Devices. Incite Cortical Fibers are a unique and versatile bone grafting solution. The fibers offer an osteoconductive and inductive matrix, excellent handling properties, in-situ expansion and placement options via a variety of delivery methods. The Rampart Interbody fusion devices incorporate large graft windows to facilitate healing and a recently enhanced instrumentation system. Additionally, devices are now available sterile packed, eliminating the need for continual reprocessing, which reduces costs for its customers.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 .decimal, Inc. United States 20/20 GeneSystems, Inc. United States 20/20 Imaging LLC United States 21st Century Scientific, Inc. United States 21X Corporation United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Private Placement

			      August 24, 2016
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Spineology Inc., please visit www.spineology.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


























 







Spineology Inc. - Product Pipeline Analysis, 2015 Update
















About Us
Solutions 

Resources

eBooks/White Papers
Slideshares
Videos
Blog


Contact Us
Register
Log in
My Account
Logout














Browse Research










My Cart
















Menu  
                                    





 Close   X














Browse








About Us
Solutions
Resources
Contact Us

Log Out
Register
Log in











Life Sciences»Medical Devices»Medical Devices Company Reports 



Spineology Inc. - Product Pipeline Analysis, 2015 Update


Lowest Prices Guaranteed
Length
Publisher
Published Date
SKU


from $750
20 Pages


GlobalData




May, 2015
                                

GBDT5615556





Lowest Prices Guaranteed


Price
from $750


Length
20 Pages


Publisher

GlobalData



Published Date

May, 2015

                            


SKU
GBDT5615556



Table of Contents




Close Window
Table of Contents




Spineology Inc. - Product Pipeline Analysis, 2015 Update


Printer format



GlobalData

Spineology Inc. Company Snapshot Spineology Inc. Company Overview  Key Information  Spineology Inc. Pipeline Products and Clinical Trials Overview  Spineology Inc. – Pipeline Analysis Overview  Key Facts  Spineology Inc. - Major Products and Services  Spineology Inc. Pipeline Products by Development Stage  Spineology Inc. Pipeline Products Overview  OptiMesh 1500DS  OptiMesh 1500DS Product Overview  OptiMesh 1500E  OptiMesh 1500E Product Overview  OptiMesh 500E  OptiMesh 500E Product Overview  Spineology Inc. - Key Competitors  Spineology Inc. - Key Employees  Spineology Inc. - Locations And Subsidiaries  Head Office  Recent Developments  Spineology Inc., Recent Developments  Sep 15, 2014: Spineology Announces Release of a Next Generation Spinous Process Fixation System  Oct 27, 2011: Spineology To Unveil New Threshold Minimally Invasive Pedicular Fixation System At NASS 2011  Oct 18, 2011: Spineology Receives FDA Clearance For Rampart Interbody Fusion System  Oct 10, 2011: Spineology To Launch SOAR Retractor Line  Mar 01, 2010: Spineology to Distribute Captiva Spine capLox Pedicle Screw System  Nov 18, 2009: Spineology Annoucnes FDA Approval For Capture Facet Screw System  Apr 03, 2008: Spineology Appoints New Board Member  Appendix Methodology  About GlobalData  Contact Us  Disclaimer  List of TablesSpineology Inc., Key Facts  Spineology Inc. Pipeline Products and Clinical Trials Overview  Spineology Inc. Pipeline Products by Equipment Type  Spineology Inc. Pipeline Products by Indication  Spineology Inc., Key Facts  Spineology Inc., Major Products and Services  Spineology Inc. Number of Pipeline Products by Development Stage  Spineology Inc. Pipeline Products Summary by Development Stage  OptiMesh 1500DS - Product Status  OptiMesh 1500DS - Product Description  OptiMesh 1500E - Product Status  OptiMesh 1500E - Product Description  OptiMesh 500E - Product Status  OptiMesh 500E - Product Description  Spineology Inc., Key Employees  List of FiguresSpineology Inc. Pipeline Products by Equipment Type  Spineology Inc. Pipeline Products by Development Stage  




Description




Close Window
Description




Spineology Inc. - Product Pipeline Analysis, 2015 Update


Printer format



GlobalData


SummarySpineology Inc. (Spineology) is a medical device company that designs and develops numerous spinal implants includes Spineology’s flagship product. The company’s products include deployable grafting system, pedicular fixation system, interbody fusion system, retractor system, liquid tissue matrix, amniotic fixation system, allografts and facet fixation system. It also develops spinal ailments to reduce the invasiveness of spine surgery for patients and the surgeon to overcome the hurdles of minimally invasive surgery, and to minimize the burden of healthcare expense. Spineology is headquartered in Saint Paul, Minnesota, the US.This report is a source for data, analysis, and actionable intelligence on the company’s portfolio of pipeline products. The report provides key information about the company, its major products and brands.  The report enhances decision making capabilities and help to create effective counter strategies to gain competitive advantage.Scope:The report reviews detailed company profile with information on business description, key company facts, major products and services, key competitors, key employees, locations and subsidiaries and recent developmentsThe report analyzes all pipeline products in development for the company Spineology Inc.The report provides pipeline analysis on all pipeline products of the company (by equipment type, by indication, by development stage, and by trial status)The report covers detailed information on each pipeline product with information on pipeline territory, stage of development, device class, regulatory path, indication(s), application(s) and estimated launch dateThe report provides detailed description of products in development, technical specification and functionsThe report also covers ongoing clinical trials (wherever applicable) with information on trial name, trial objective, sponsor, trial design , trial status and phase, estimated start and end date.Reasons to Buy:Develop business strategies by understanding the trends and developments driving the medical devices pipeline and technology landscapeDesign and develop your product development, marketing and sales strategies by understanding the competitor portfolioTo formulate effective Research & Development strategiesDevelop market-entry and market expansion strategiesExploit in-licensing and out-licensing opportunities by identifying products, most likely to ensure a robust returnPlan mergers and acquisitions effectively by identifying key players of the most promising pipeline Identify emerging players with potentially strong product portfolio and create effective counter-strategies to gain competitive advantageDevelop competition strategies by identifying the status and likely launch of the competitors’ pipeline products through review of the clinical trials, stage and of development, etcIdentify, understand and capitalize the next high-value products that your competitor would add in its portfolio





Search inside this report




Close Window
Search inside this report
















Online Download
$750


Purchase






Site License
$1,500


Purchase






Global Site License
$2,250


Purchase










 



Research assistance



US: 800.298.5699
Int'l: +1.240.747.3093
















      Download our eBook: How to Succeed Using Market Research
    

      Learn how to effectively navigate the market research process to help guide your organization on the journey to success.
    

        Download eBook
    



Share this report









Other tasks

Printer format
Order by fax
Currency converter




































 







Medical Devices Market Research Reports & Medical Devices Industry Analysis | MarketResearch.com



















About Us
Solutions 

Resources

eBooks/White Papers
Slideshares
Videos
Blog


Contact Us
Register
Log in
My Account
Logout














Browse Research










My Cart
















Menu  
                                    





 Close   X














Browse








About Us
Solutions
Resources
Contact Us

Log Out
Register
Log in














Market Research
»

Life Sciences

Medical Devices Market Research Reports & Industry Analysis


Medical devices are durable and disposable in nature.  These devices can be used for a wide variety of conditions for surgical procedures, home health care, clinical settings or in the medical office setting.  A medical device is an instrument, apparatus, implant, in vitro reagent or anything similar which can be used to diagnose, prevent or treat a disease within the body.  It can be as simple as a tongue depressor, medical thermometer or disposable gloves.  It can also be as complex as a computer which can assist in medical testing, an implant like a stent or a prosthesis.  Globally, the medical device market is over $209 billion.  
 Medical devices are classified in one of three regulatory classes, the classification is dependent on the intended use of the device and indications for use.  The US accounts for approximately 38% of the global medical device market.  China, Japan, Russia and Brazil have the most stringent regulatory compliance for medical devices. Research can be found within market research industry reports which will further outline economic industry trends, device regulation globally and challenges facing medical device leaders.
...Show More
...Show Less






Filter your search

Filter your search




Aesthetic Devices / Cosmetic Surgery (289)
Anesthesia (217)
Blood (187)
Cardiac Rhythm Management  (130)
Cardiovascular Devices (1653)
Catheters (541)
Country  Overviews (332)
Critical Care (25)
Dental Equipment (1296)
Diabetes (268)
Dialysis (140)
Disposables (411)
Drug Delivery Systems (101)
Durable Medical Equipment (632)
Electronics (125)
Endoscopy (267)
ENT (429)
Equipment & Supplies (1388)
General Medical Devices (884)
Gynecological Devices (184)
Home Health (185)
Implantable Devices (78)
Information Technology (5)
Infusion Products (245)
Manufacturing & Packaging (787)
Materials Science (12)
Medical Devices (262)
Medical Devices Company Reports (1432)
Medical Laser (180)
Minimally Invasive Surgery (1144)
Needles, Syringes, IV Access (560)
Neurology Devices (446)
Ophthalmic Devices (830)
Orthopedics (2118)
Patient Monitoring (881)
Regulation (331)
Respiratory Devices (907)
Stents (566)
Sterilization Equipment (162)
Surgical Equipment (1225)
Urology (103)
Virtual Reality (20)
Wearable Medical Devices (104)
Wound Care (1009)




Global  (6778)
Asia  (4321)
Europe  (3257)
North America  (2411)
South America  (643)
Oceania  (472)
Africa  (280)
Middle East  (203)
Caribbean  (10)
Central America  (9)




Research Assistance
US: 800.298.5699 
Int'l: +1.240.747.3093






Join Alert Me Now!
Receive bi-weekly email alerts on new research
Sign Up

Find out more on our blog



Medical Devices Industry Research & Market Reports

Sort by:

Title A-Z
Title Z-A
Price Low-to-High
Price High-to-Low
Date
Date (Older First)

Refine your search




Close Window
Refine your search








Title:







Publisher:







Keyword:







Price(USD):





 To 







Date:



Any Date
Last Month
Last 3 Months
Last 6 Months
Last Year
Last 2 Years





Region:



All Regions

                                                            Africa
                                                        

                                                               Algeria
                                                        

                                                               Angola
                                                        

                                                               Benin
                                                        

                                                               Botswana
                                                        

                                                               Burkina Faso
                                                        

                                                               Burundi
                                                        

                                                               Cameroon
                                                        

                                                               Cape Verde
                                                        

                                                               Central African Republic
                                                        

                                                               Chad
                                                        

                                                               Comoros
                                                        

                                                               The Congo
                                                        

                                                               The Congo
                                                        

                                                               Cote d'Ivoire
                                                        

                                                               Djibouti
                                                        

                                                               Egypt
                                                        

                                                               Equatorial Guinea
                                                        

                                                               Eritrea
                                                        

                                                               Ethiopia
                                                        

                                                               Gabon
                                                        

                                                               The Gambia
                                                        

                                                               Ghana
                                                        

                                                               Guinea
                                                        

                                                               Guinea-Bissau
                                                        

                                                               Kenya
                                                        

                                                               Lesotho
                                                        

                                                               Liberia
                                                        

                                                               Libya
                                                        

                                                               Madagascar
                                                        

                                                               Malawi
                                                        

                                                               Mali
                                                        

                                                               Mauritania
                                                        

                                                               Mauritius
                                                        

                                                               Mayotte
                                                        

                                                               Morocco
                                                        

                                                               Mozambique
                                                        

                                                               Namibia
                                                        

                                                               Niger
                                                        

                                                               Nigeria
                                                        

                                                               Reunion
                                                        

                                                               Rwanda
                                                        

                                                               Sao Tome and Principe
                                                        

                                                               Senegal
                                                        

                                                               Seychelles
                                                        

                                                               Sierra Leone
                                                        

                                                               Somalia
                                                        

                                                               South Africa
                                                        

                                                               South Sudan
                                                        

                                                               Sudan
                                                        

                                                               Swaziland
                                                        

                                                               Tanzania
                                                        

                                                               Togo
                                                        

                                                               Tunisia
                                                        

                                                               Uganda
                                                        

                                                               Western Sahara
                                                        

                                                               Zambia
                                                        

                                                               Zimbabwe
                                                        

                                                            Asia
                                                        

                                                               Afghanistan
                                                        

                                                               Armenia
                                                        

                                                               Azerbaijan
                                                        

                                                               Bangladesh
                                                        

                                                               Bhutan
                                                        

                                                               Brunei
                                                        

                                                               Cambodia
                                                        

                                                               China
                                                        

                                                               Cocos (Keeling) Islands
                                                        

                                                               East Timor
                                                        

                                                               Georgia
                                                        

                                                               Hong Kong
                                                        

                                                               India
                                                        

                                                               Indonesia
                                                        

                                                               Japan
                                                        

                                                               Kazakhstan
                                                        

                                                               Kyrgyzstan
                                                        

                                                               Laos
                                                        

                                                               Macau
                                                        

                                                               Malaysia
                                                        

                                                               Maldives
                                                        

                                                               Mongolia
                                                        

                                                               Myanmar
                                                        

                                                               Nepal
                                                        

                                                               North Korea
                                                        

                                                               Pakistan
                                                        

                                                               Papua New Guinea
                                                        

                                                               Philippines
                                                        

                                                               Russia
                                                        

                                                               Singapore
                                                        

                                                               South Korea
                                                        

                                                               Sri Lanka
                                                        

                                                               Taiwan
                                                        

                                                               Tajikistan
                                                        

                                                               Thailand
                                                        

                                                               Turkey
                                                        

                                                               Turkmenistan
                                                        

                                                               Uzbekistan
                                                        

                                                               Vietnam
                                                        

                                                            Caribbean
                                                        

                                                               Anguilla
                                                        

                                                               Antigua and Barbuda
                                                        

                                                               Aruba
                                                        

                                                               The Bahamas
                                                        

                                                               Barbados
                                                        

                                                               British Virgin Islands
                                                        

                                                               Cayman Islands
                                                        

                                                               Cuba
                                                        

                                                               Curacao
                                                        

                                                               Dominica
                                                        

                                                               Dominican Republic
                                                        

                                                               Grenada
                                                        

                                                               Guadeloupe
                                                        

                                                               Haiti
                                                        

                                                               Jamaica
                                                        

                                                               Martinique
                                                        

                                                               Montserrat
                                                        

                                                               Netherlands Antilles
                                                        

                                                               Puerto Rico
                                                        

                                                               Saint Kitts and Nevis
                                                        

                                                               Saint Lucia
                                                        

                                                               Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
                                                        

                                                               Sint Maarten/ Saint Maarten
                                                        

                                                               Trinidad and Tobago
                                                        

                                                               Turks and Caicos Islands
                                                        

                                                               Virgin Islands
                                                        

                                                            Central America
                                                        

                                                               Belize
                                                        

                                                               Costa Rica
                                                        

                                                               El Salvador
                                                        

                                                               Guatemala
                                                        

                                                               Honduras
                                                        

                                                               Nicaragua
                                                        

                                                               Panama
                                                        

                                                            Europe
                                                        

                                                               Albania
                                                        

                                                               Andorra
                                                        

                                                               Austria
                                                        

                                                               Belarus
                                                        

                                                               Belgium
                                                        

                                                               Bosnia and Herzegovina
                                                        

                                                               Bulgaria
                                                        

                                                               Croatia
                                                        

                                                               Czech Republic
                                                        

                                                               Denmark
                                                        

                                                               Estonia
                                                        

                                                               Faroe Islands
                                                        

                                                               Finland
                                                        

                                                               France
                                                        

                                                               Germany
                                                        

                                                               Gibraltar
                                                        

                                                               Greece
                                                        

                                                               Guernsey
                                                        

                                                               Hungary
                                                        

                                                               Iceland
                                                        

                                                               Ireland
                                                        

                                                               Isle of Man
                                                        

                                                               Italy
                                                        

                                                               Jersey
                                                        

                                                               Kosovo
                                                        

                                                               Latvia
                                                        

                                                               Liechtenstein
                                                        

                                                               Lithuania
                                                        

                                                               Luxembourg
                                                        

                                                               Macedonia
                                                        

                                                               Malta
                                                        

                                                               Moldova
                                                        

                                                               Monaco
                                                        

                                                               Netherlands
                                                        

                                                               Norway
                                                        

                                                               Poland
                                                        

                                                               Portugal
                                                        

                                                               Romania
                                                        

                                                               San Marino
                                                        

                                                               Scotland
                                                        

                                                               Serbia and Montenegro
                                                        

                                                               Slovakia
                                                        

                                                               Slovenia
                                                        

                                                               Spain
                                                        

                                                               Sweden
                                                        

                                                               Switzerland
                                                        

                                                               Ukraine
                                                        

                                                               United Kingdom
                                                        

                                                            Global
                                                        

                                                            Middle East
                                                        

                                                               Bahrain
                                                        

                                                               Cyprus
                                                        

                                                               Gaza Strip
                                                        

                                                               Iran
                                                        

                                                               Iraq
                                                        

                                                               Israel
                                                        

                                                               Jordan
                                                        

                                                               Kuwait
                                                        

                                                               Lebanon
                                                        

                                                               Oman
                                                        

                                                               Palestinian Territories
                                                        

                                                               Qatar
                                                        

                                                               Saudi Arabia
                                                        

                                                               Syria
                                                        

                                                               United Arab Emirates
                                                        

                                                               Yemen
                                                        

                                                            North America
                                                        

                                                               Bermuda
                                                        

                                                               Canada
                                                        

                                                               Greenland
                                                        

                                                               Mexico
                                                        

                                                               United States
                                                        

                                                            Oceania
                                                        

                                                               American Samoa
                                                        

                                                               Australia
                                                        

                                                               Cook Islands
                                                        

                                                               Fiji
                                                        

                                                               French Polynesia
                                                        

                                                               Guam
                                                        

                                                               Kiribati
                                                        

                                                               Marshall Islands
                                                        

                                                               Micronesia, Federated States of
                                                        

                                                               Nauru
                                                        

                                                               New Caledonia
                                                        

                                                               New Zealand
                                                        

                                                               Niue
                                                        

                                                               Norfolk Island
                                                        

                                                               Northern Mariana Islands
                                                        

                                                               Palau
                                                        

                                                               Samoa
                                                        

                                                               Solomon Islands
                                                        

                                                               Tonga
                                                        

                                                               Tuvalu
                                                        

                                                               Vanuatu
                                                        

                                                            South America
                                                        

                                                               Argentina
                                                        

                                                               Bolivia
                                                        

                                                               Brazil
                                                        

                                                               Chile
                                                        

                                                               Colombia
                                                        

                                                               Ecuador
                                                        

                                                               Falkland Islands
                                                        

                                                               French Guiana
                                                        

                                                               Guyana
                                                        

                                                               Paraguay
                                                        

                                                               Peru
                                                        

                                                               Suriname
                                                        

                                                               Uruguay
                                                        

                                                               Venezuela
                                                        





 Search 











Wound Closure and Advanced Wound Care Global Market  – Forecast To 2023
Jul 20, 2017  | USD 4,950
...edges of the tissues together or by directly acting on the wounds for better healing. Devices such as sutures, strips, sealants and adhesives, clips, staples, energy based devices, haemostats and skin grafts are used to ... Read More


North America Orthobiologics Market Forecast 2017-2025
Jul 19, 2017  | USD 1,250
...forecast period. The base year deliberated for the study of the orthobiologics market is 2016. The rise in the orthobiologics material and increasing demand for spinal fusion surgeries are driving the orthobiologics market in North ... Read More


Asia-pacific Orthobiologics Market Forecast 2017-2025
Jul 19, 2017  | USD 1,250
...For the market study, the base year considered is 2016. Growing need for orthobiologics products in the region is up surging the growth of the Asia-Pacific orthobiologics market. MARKET INSIGHTS The Asia Pacific orthobiologics market ... Read More


Global Orthobiologics Market Forecast 2017-2025
Jul 19, 2017  | USD 2,500
...a CACR of 6.97% between 2017-2027. The base year considered for the market study is 2016. The forecast period is 2017-2025. Evolvement in orthobiologics has led to the development of tissue regeneration products and bone ... Read More


Global Flexible Endoscopes Market 2017-2021
Jul 19, 2017  | USD 3,500
...endoscopes are used in diagnosis and treatment. Flexible endoscopes are relatively safe, and are widely used in the fields of gastrointestinal; gynecology; ear, nose, and throat (ENT); urology; and laparoscopy. Flexible endoscopes market is driven ... Read More


Global Ostomy Drainage Bags Market 2017-2021
Jul 19, 2017  | USD 3,500
...or any other cell debris. Ostomy surgeries in hospitals and other healthcare facilities increase the demand for ostomy drainage bags among inpatients. Inpatients, who may have undergone ostomies and have fresh stomas, require their drainage ... Read More


Europe Orthobiologics Market Forecast 2017-2025
Jul 19, 2017  | USD 1,250
...base year considered for the market study is 2016. Development of technology in European countries is the primitive factor influencing the growth of the orthobilogics market in Europe region. MARKET INSIGHTS The Europe orthobiologics market ... Read More


Global Analgesic Infusion Pumps Market 2017-2021
Jul 19, 2017  | USD 3,500
...such as cerebral palsy, spinal cord injury (SCI), cancer, sickle cell anemia, and medical conditions like labor pain, accident and trauma, post-surgical pain, and trigger pain can be relieved by analgesic infusion pumps. Technavio’s analysts ... Read More


Europe Medical Devices Report Q3 2017
Jul 12, 2017  | USD 1,345
...growth driven by robust fixed investment. The six main product areas will record mid singledigitCAGRs in weighted local currency terms, making Europe the slowest growing region in the globalmedical device market. Due to local currency ... Read More


Global Portable Medical Equipment Market 2017-2021
Jul 12, 2017  | USD 3,500
...includes patient monitoring devices, medical imaging devices, insulin pumps, and hearing aids. They are designed to monitor and treat the disorders at an earlier stage. The advent of various smart technologies and wireless capabilities makes ... Read More


Global Breastfeeding Supplies Market 2017-2021
Jul 12, 2017  | USD 3,500
...These supplies may also be used to stimulate lactation in mothers with irregular milk flow. The global breastfeeding supplies market is expected to witness a significant growth during the forecast period due to multiple drivers ... Read More


Global Orthodontic Equipment and Consumables Market 2017-2021
Jul 12, 2017  | USD 3,500
...harder to keep clean, and are always at risk of being lost early because of tooth decay and periodontal diseases. Orthodontic treatment provides multiple benefits that include a healthier mouth, a more pleasing appearance, and ... Read More


Latin America Medical Devices Report Q3 2017
Jul 12, 2017  | USD 1,345
...continue tobe the best performer, despite threats posed by trade negotiations, particularly between Mexico and the US.The MERCOSUR region will be driven by Brazil, but hindered by market restrictions in Venezuela. We have revised our ... Read More


Asia Medical Devices Report Q3 2017
Jul 12, 2017  | USD 1,345
...aslightly weaker outlook for India, where growth rates will moderate, reflecting an increasingly competitiveoperating environment. Growth from increased patient volumes due to expanding healthcaresystems, ageing demographics and the rising incidence of chronic diseases will be ... Read More


Sub-Saharan Africa Medical Devices Report Q3 2017
Jul 12, 2017  | USD 1,345
...for most countries, including South Africawhich dominates the market. The market will remain reliant on imports and international aid and funding,therefore multinationals will continue to strengthen their presence. Overall, the main six product segmentswill record ... Read More


Middle East And North Africa Medical Devices Report Q3 2017
Jul 12, 2017  | USD 1,345
...growth due to macroeconomic imbalancesderived from lower oil prices, particularly in GCC markets. Despite its slowdown, Saudi Arabia willcontinue to lead the GCC market, while Iran will spearhead the non-GCC market. The UAE will remain ... Read More


Global Bare Metal Stents Market 2017-2021
Jul 12, 2017  | USD 3,500
...alloy, or other high-grade metals. The structure of a BMS looks like a metallic coil or a tubular mesh. The devices differ from each other with respect to composition, delivery system, and architectural design. They ... Read More


Contact Lenses and Solutions in China
Jul 11, 2017  | USD 990
...to the convenience these lenses provide, and the rise of internet retailers selling contact lenses online. With many brands concentrating their marketing efforts on cultivating the usage of contact lenses in China, the awareness of ... Read More


Global Radio Frequency Beauty Equipment Market Insights, Opportunity, Analysis, Market Shares And Forecast 2017 – 2023
Jul 08, 2017  | USD 3,900
...firming, fat burning, whiten and tenderize problem areas, weight loss, etc. Technical advancement in medical equipment provides its operators facility to administrate IR (Infra-Red), Laser treatments, RF (Radio Frequency) and DPC (Dynamic Pulse Control) by ... Read More


Medical & Dental Instrument Manufacturing in the UK - Industry Market Research Report
Jul 06, 2017  | USD 680
...dentures and orthodontic appliances. The industry also includes firms that manufacture medical and dental furniture where the additional specific functions determine the purpose of the product, such as dentists’ chairs with built-in hydraulic functions. This ... Read More


Ireland Medical Devices Report Q3 2017
Jul 05, 2017  | USD 1,345
...ofuniversal health insurance, the increasing healthcare needs of the ageing population and the uptake of newtechnology. Latest Updates And Key Forecasts We have revised our forecast upwards and project the market to expand at a ... Read More


Global Laser Aesthetics Market 2017-2021
Jul 05, 2017  | USD 3,500
...layer of the skin for treatment. They are used for a wide range of applications such as hair removal and skin rejuvenation. They are also used for other light applications such as fat reduction; varicose ... Read More


Global Coronary Guidewires Market 2017-2021
Jul 05, 2017  | USD 3,500
...as the percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). These guidewires are made up of nitinol core or steel with a hydrophilic or hydrophobic coating or both (hybrid). They are also available with or without polymer jacket and ... Read More


Global Pre-filled Syringes Market 2017-2021
Jul 05, 2017  | USD 3,500
...preferred packaging and delivery device for injectable drugs after the successful introduction of heparin pre-filled syringe by Sanofi and Rhone-Poulenc Rorer into the European market in the early 1980s. Approximately three to four billion pre-filled ... Read More


Slovenia Medical Devices Report Q3 2017
Jul 05, 2017  | USD 1,345
...is heavily reliant on importedmedical devices as domestic production is characterised by small, specialised manufacturers, many ofwhich engage in exports, principally to neighbouring countries. Latest Updates And Key Forecasts We maintain our forecast that the ... Read More



< prev 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 6 
 7 
 8 
 9 
 10 
  next > 




Start New Browse


Consumer Goods
Food & Beverage
Heavy Industry
Life Sciences
Marketing & Market Research
Public Sector
Service Industries
Technology & Media
 Company Reports
Reports by Country
View all Market Areas
View all Publishers






































Spineology Inc. - Product Pipeline Analysis, 2015 Update



























Sales and support:
        +44 20 8123 2220 (UK)
        +1 732 587 5005 (US)
info@marketpublishers.com





Business & Finance

Retail






Retail


Consumer Goods


Food & Beverage







Industry

Chemicals

IT & Technology

Life Sciences

Services



About
Faq
 My Cart


 











Market Reports
Press-Releases
Events
About Us
Terms & Conditions
Customer FAQ




Market Research Reports

Company Reports





Spineology Inc. - Product Pipeline Analysis, 2015 Update





Date:
May 13, 2015



Pages:
20


Price:




US$ 750.00




License             [?]:


Single User Price - US$ 750.00
Site License Price - US$ 1,500.00
Enterprisewide Price (Global Site License) - US$ 2,250.00




Publisher:
GlobalData


Report type:
Strategic Report


Delivery:

E-mail Delivery (PDF)


ID:
S9D91B8FB53EN



        Leaflet:
    

Download PDF Leaflet






















Abstracts
Contents
List of Tables
List of Figures



SummarySpineology Inc. (Spineology) is a medical device company that designs and develops numerous spinal implants includes Spineology’s flagship product. The company’s products include deployable grafting system, pedicular fixation system, interbody fusion system, retractor system, liquid tissue matrix, amniotic fixation system, allografts and facet fixation system. It also develops spinal ailments to reduce the invasiveness of spine surgery for patients and the surgeon to overcome the hurdles of minimally invasive surgery, and to minimize the burden of healthcare expense. Spineology is headquartered in Saint Paul, Minnesota, the US.This report is a source for data, analysis, and actionable intelligence on the company’s portfolio of pipeline products. The report provides key information about the company, its major products and brands. The report enhances decision making capabilities and help to create effective counter strategies to gain competitive advantage.ScopeThe report reviews detailed company profile with information on business description, key company facts, major products and services, key competitors, key employees, locations and subsidiaries and recent developmentsThe report analyzes all pipeline products in development for the company Spineology Inc.The report provides pipeline analysis on all pipeline products of the company (by equipment type, by indication, by development stage, and by trial status)The report covers detailed information on each pipeline product with information on pipeline territory, stage of development, device class, regulatory path, indication(s), application(s) and estimated launch dateThe report provides detailed description of products in development, technical specification and functionsThe report also covers ongoing clinical trials (wherever applicable) with information on trial name, trial objective, sponsor, trial design, trial status and phase, estimated start and end date.Reasons to BuyDevelop business strategies by understanding the trends and developments driving the medical devices pipeline and technology landscapeDesign and develop your product development, marketing and sales strategies by understanding the competitor portfolioTo formulate effective Research & Development strategiesDevelop market-entry and market expansion strategiesExploit in-licensing and out-licensing opportunities by identifying products, most likely to ensure a robust returnPlan mergers and acquisitions effectively by identifying key players of the most promising pipeline Identify emerging players with potentially strong product portfolio and create effective counter-strategies to gain competitive advantageDevelop competition strategies by identifying the status and likely launch of the competitors’ pipeline products through review of the clinical trials, stage and of development, etcIdentify, understand and capitalize the next high-value products that your competitor would add in its portfolio



    Spineology Inc. Company SnapshotSpineology Inc. Company OverviewKey InformationSpineology Inc. Pipeline Products and Clinical Trials OverviewSpineology Inc. – Pipeline Analysis OverviewKey FactsSpineology Inc. - Major Products and ServicesSpineology Inc. Pipeline Products by Development StageSpineology Inc. Pipeline Products OverviewOptiMesh 1500DSOptiMesh 1500DS Product OverviewOptiMesh 1500EOptiMesh 1500E Product OverviewOptiMesh 500EOptiMesh 500E Product OverviewSpineology Inc. - Key CompetitorsSpineology Inc. - Key EmployeesSpineology Inc. - Locations And SubsidiariesHead OfficeRecent DevelopmentsSpineology Inc., Recent DevelopmentsSep 15, 2014: Spineology Announces Release of a Next Generation Spinous Process Fixation SystemOct 27, 2011: Spineology To Unveil New Threshold Minimally Invasive Pedicular Fixation System At NASS 2011Oct 18, 2011: Spineology Receives FDA Clearance For Rampart Interbody Fusion SystemOct 10, 2011: Spineology To Launch SOAR Retractor LineMar 01, 2010: Spineology to Distribute Captiva Spine capLox Pedicle Screw SystemNov 18, 2009: Spineology Annoucnes FDA Approval For Capture Facet Screw SystemApr 03, 2008: Spineology Appoints New Board MemberAppendixMethodologyAbout GlobalDataContact UsDisclaimer


LIST OF TABLESSpineology Inc., Key FactsSpineology Inc. Pipeline Products and Clinical Trials OverviewSpineology Inc. Pipeline Products by Equipment TypeSpineology Inc. Pipeline Products by IndicationSpineology Inc., Key FactsSpineology Inc., Major Products and ServicesSpineology Inc. Number of Pipeline Products by Development StageSpineology Inc. Pipeline Products Summary by Development StageOptiMesh 1500DS - Product StatusOptiMesh 1500DS - Product DescriptionOptiMesh 1500E - Product StatusOptiMesh 1500E - Product DescriptionOptiMesh 500E - Product StatusOptiMesh 500E - Product DescriptionSpineology Inc., Key Employees


LIST OF FIGURESSpineology Inc. Pipeline Products by Equipment TypeSpineology Inc. Pipeline Products by Development Stage
        
        
Skip to top




MORE PUBLICATIONS


Coris BioConcept - Product Pipeline Analysis, 2015 Update
US$ 750.00
Jun, 2015 · 16 pages


Ceres Nanosciences, Inc. - Product Pipeline Analysis, 2016 Update
US$ 750.00
Oct, 2016 · 41 pages


Eqalix, Inc. - Product Pipeline Analysis, 2014 Update
US$ 750.00
Oct, 2014 · 20 pages


IV Diagnostics, Inc. - Product Pipeline Analysis, 2015 Update
US$ 750.00
Nov, 2015 · 28 pages


mc10 Inc. - Product Pipeline Analysis, 2014 Update
US$ 750.00
Nov, 2014 · 23 pages








Ask Your Question
Spineology Inc. - Product Pipeline Analysis, 2015 Update







Company name*:



Contact person*:



Phone/fax*:



Email*:




 Request invoice


Your enquiry:




				Please click on a Check Box below to confirm you are not a robot:
					


























Market Reports


All Categories  












Sales and support:
                    +44 20 8123 2220
            +1 732 587 5005
info@marketpublishers.com
  © 2006-2016 MarketPublishers.com


About Us
Our Clients
Our Publishers
Customer FAQ


Market Reports
New Publications
Reports by Regions
Press-Releases


Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Return Policy
Affiliate Program


Join as Publisher

Follow Us:




















 



Spineology Inc. Expands Relationship with Nation's Leading Tissue Bank | Business Wire
























































Spineology Inc. Expands Relationship with Nation's Leading Tissue Bank




Musculoskeletal Transplant Foundation and Spineology Inc. partner to 
      provide high grade tissue products to customers and enhance anatomy 
      conserving spinal surgery






September 23, 2016 10:00 AM Eastern Daylight Time



MINNEAPOLIS & ST. PAUL, Minn.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Spineology 
      Inc., the innovator in anatomy-conserving spine surgery, announced 
      today it has expanded its relationship with Musculoskeletal Transplant 
      Foundation (MTF), the nation’s leading tissue bank. MTF will now be the 
      sole tissue provider for Spineology’s allograft product lines, including 
      the newly launched Incite™ Cortical Fibers, a unique and versatile bone 
      grafting solution.
    


      “MTF has a long track record of delivering safe, high quality tissue 
      products using the most stringent standards in the industry,” said John 
      Booth, CEO of Spineology Inc. “Our expanded relationship allows us to 
      pass along that safety and quality to our customers.”
    

      Incite Cortical Fibers are ultra-thin, entangled cortical bone fibers 
      which provide a significant surface area of exposed growth factors to 
      stimulate bone growth, and an osteoconductive matrix for cellular 
      attachment and proliferation. The fibers also offer excellent handling 
      properties, in-situ expansion and placement through a variety of 
      delivery methods.
    

      “The Incite Cortical Fibers give me great intra-operative flexibility 
      because of the handling properties and versatility of the product,” said 
      Charles C. Park, M.D., Ph.D., Director of the Minimally Invasive Brain 
      and Spine Center at Mercy Medical Center in Baltimore, Maryland.
    

About Spineology Inc.Spineology Inc. provides innovative, 
      anatomy conserving spinal technologies for surgeons and their patients. 
      Spineology surgical techniques conserve spinal bone, ligament and muscle 
      tissue. Spineology is committed to increasing procedural efficiency, 
      reducing surgical morbidity and accelerating patient recovery. Learn 
      more at spineology.com.
    




Contacts

Spineology Inc.John Booth, 651-256-8511jbooth@spineology.comorRisdall 
      Public RelationsDave Folkens, 651-286-6713dave@risdall.com














Release Summary
Spineology Inc. expanded its relationship with the nation's leading tissue bank, Musculoskeletal Transplant Foundation, to continue delivering safe, high-quality tissue products to clients.






Contacts

Spineology Inc.John Booth, 651-256-8511jbooth@spineology.comorRisdall 
      Public RelationsDave Folkens, 651-286-6713dave@risdall.com







 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up



















Spineology |


























Skip to main content



 








Products
Procedures
Clinical Trials
About Us
Contact Us






 









  
 Next-generation expandable technology that maximizes bone grafting and expansion control, while minimizing impaction and retraction. Read more
 
 Elite™  

  
 The integrated break-off screw extension design minimizes procedural steps and limits tissue disruption during screw insertion and rod placement.  Read more
 
 Palisade™  

  
 Cortical Fibers are a unique osteoinductive and osteoconductive bone grafting option that offers excellent handling properties. Read More
 
 Incite™  

  
 Fortress is a minimally invasive, cortico-cancellous pedicular fixation system that is implanted with a medial-to-lateral screw trajectory to minimize exposure. Read more
 
 Fortress™  

  
 The anatomy-conserving SOAR system is the first retractor to integrate neural retraction and articulating discectomy instruments.  Read More
 
 SOAR™  





 







US Home Page



Anatomy-Conserving Surgery
Spineology's focus is Anatomy-Conserving Surgery. Anatomy-Conserving Surgery strives to enable surgeons to treat a broad array of pathologies with minimal disruption to bone, nerve, and muscle tissue.
Our mission:
Transform spine surgery by providing innovative, anatomy-conserving technologies for surgeons and their patients.
 






 


©2017 Spineology Inc. | Phone: 651-256-8500 | E-mail: marketing@spineology.com



















Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.


