





STGG Ronald R. Spoehel Insider Trades for STG Group Inc.


































Bulletin






Investor Alert







Tokyo Markets Open in:



US Market Snapshot
Currencies
Commodities


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































STG Group Inc.

                  OTC: STGG
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

STG Group Inc.



Market closed
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 20, 2017, 5:20 p.m.


STGG

/quotes/zigman/63145197/delayed


$
1.75




Change

+0.24
+15.89%

Volume
Volume 100
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/63145197/delayed
Previous close

$
			1.51
		


$
				1.75
			
Change

+0.24
+15.89%





Day low
Day high
$1.75
$1.75










52 week low
52 week high

            $0.76
        

            $3.40
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Ronald R. Spoehel



Mr. Ronald R. Spoehel is on the Board of Directors at STG Group, Inc., Profire Energy, Inc. and STG, Inc. Mr. Spoehel was previously employed as an Independent Director by Global Defense & National Security Systems, Inc., Chief Financial Officer by National Aeronautics & Space Administration, Chief Financial Officer, Director & Executive VP by ICx Technologies, Inc., Vice President-Corporate Development by Harris Corp., Chief Financial Officer, Director & Executive VP by ManTech International Corp., and Chief Executive Officer & Director by Optinel Systems, Inc. He received his undergraduate degree from the University of Pennsylvania, a graduate degree from Moore School of Electrical Engineering and an MBA from The Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





06/23/2016
26,000


 
Award at $0 per share.


0





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. Simon S. Lee 
Chairman




Mr. Phillip E. Lacombe 
President & Chief Operating Officer




Mr. Charles L. Cosgrove 
Chief Financial Officer




Mr. William B. Perlowitz 
Senior Vice President-Solutions & Technology




Mr. Tim  Denning 
Vice President-Business Development




Mr. Paul  Rempfer 
Senior Vice President-Business Development




Mr. William  Scott 
VP-Cyber Security & Secure Information Systems




Mr. Joe  Nicholas 
SVP-Cyber Security & Secure Information Systems




Mr. David  Pearson 
Vice President-Accounting & Controller




Mr. Ronald R. Spoehel 
Lead Independent Director




Mr. A. Damian Perl 
Independent Director




Mr. Robert B. Murrett 
Independent Director




Mr. David Charles Gompert 
Independent Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




3:45 PM EDT
July 23, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
3:34pAmericans in this field have the highest rate of divorce by age 30
2:59pO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
2:51pChris Froome Wins His Fourth Tour de France
2:48pPlaying golf has gone the way of the three-martini lunch — Trump being the exception
2:47pDeath watch: How much longer can golf survive?
2:43pJordan Spieth wins British Open by three shots in dramatic comeback
1:48pTrafficking suspected after 8 people found dead, 30 injured in Walmart parking lot
12:28pThis is what might be next for O.J. Simpson after parole
12:09pWeekend roundup: Companies that may cut dividends | FAANG stocks and market bubbles | Enjoy London on the cheap
12:09pWhy you might want to avoid these 30 dividend stocks
12:09pAttention, shoppers: ‘Amazon effect’ is creating bargain stocks
12:05pAs GDP will show, U.S. economy on same track
12:00pStocks brace for volatility in earnings deluge; Fed meeting looms
11:52a'Dunkirk' storms U.S. box office with $50.5 million debut
11:20aActor John Heard, ‘Home Alone’ dad, dead at 71
11:07aMicrosoft rides huge tax benefit from failing at smartphones to big earnings beat 
11:06aAmazon’s foray into groceries means more mergers of food companies, experts say
11:03aYogaWorks IPO pulled on valuation concerns, not market conditions
11:03aQualcomm’s issues go beyond Apple fight
9:58aPope Francis appeals for dialogue as violence continues in Jerusalem
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,580.07

-31.71
-0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,387.75

-2.25
-0.04%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.54

-0.91
-0.04%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15































































Profire Energy Appoints Former NASA CFO Ronald R. Spoehel To Serve On Board Of Directors - Pg.2 - TheStreet




































































 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 








































Profire Energy Appoints Former NASA CFO Ronald R. Spoehel To Serve On Board Of Directors






GlobeNewswire



Oct 24, 2013 9:20 AM EDT













 


















































  "I have been impressed not only with Profire's market opportunity, but also their vision of what they can become," said Mr. Spoehel. "This vision has led their management team and employees to grow Profire in a significant way, and will help them capitalize on additional advisement as they execute their strategic plans in the coming months and years. I'm very much looking forward to working with the Profire team."   Mr. Spoehel earned his BS in Economics, as well as an MBA in Finance from The Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania. He also earned an MS Engineering from the Moore School of Electrical Engineering at the University of Pennsylvania.  With the addition of Mr. Spoehel, the Company's Board of Directors is now comprised of:   Brenton W. Hatch (Chairman & CEO)  Harold Albert (COO)  Andrew Limpert (CFO)  Daren Shaw  Ronald R. Spoehel   To learn more about Profire Energy or its products, please contact Profire Energy, or visit   www.ProfireEnergy.com .  About Profire Energy, Inc.  Profire Energy assists energy production companies in the safe and efficient transportation, refinement and production of oil and natural gas. As energy companies seek greater safety for their employees, compliance with more stringent EPA standards and enhanced margins with their energy production processes, Profire Energy's burner management systems are increasingly becoming part of their solution. To learn more about the company's products and services, please visit   www.ProfireEnergy.com . Profire Energy has offices in Lindon, Utah; Houston, Texas; and Edmonton, Alberta, Canada.   Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements  . Statements made in this release that are not historical are forward-looking statements. This release contains forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to statements regarding Mr. Spoehel's addition to the board having an effect of enhancing Profire's leadership and vision, the anticipated responsibilities of Mr. Spoehel, as well as Profire's vision helping the company to capitalize on additional advisement.  All such forward-looking statements are subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future results or performance and involve risks, assumptions and uncertainties that could cause actual events or results to differ materially from the events or results described in, or anticipated by, the forward-looking statements.  CONTACT: Profire Energy, Inc.         Andrew Limpert, CFO         (801) 796-5127                  Profire Energy, Inc.         Nathan McBride, Finance & Communications         (801) 796-5127                  RedChip Companies, Inc.         Brendan Hopkins         1-800-RED-CHIP (733-2447), ext. 134       



 








 










































If you liked this article you might like













Where Do We Go After JOY?
Now that Joy Global is being acquired, here are 4 other names with similar attributes.



James Gentile

Jul 21, 2016 9:54 AM EDT
























5 Hated Earnings Stocks You Should Love
These heavily shorted stocks could get squeezed higher if they report positive earnings this week.



Roberto Pedone

Jun 15, 2015 2:22 PM EDT
























Profire Energy (PFIE) Downgraded From Buy to Hold
Profire Energy (PFIE) has been downgraded by TheStreet Ratings from Buy to Hold with a ratings score of C+.



TheStreet Quant Ratings

Dec 18, 2014 11:30 AM EST
























Profire Energy Inc Stock Upgraded (PFIE)
Profire Energy (Nasdaq:PFIE) has been upgraded by TheStreet Ratings from a hold to buy.



TheStreet Wire

Aug 19, 2014 11:11 AM EDT








































 











Trending


Billionaire Mark Cuban: The Rise of Technology Will Cause a Lot of Unemployment


Starbucks Has an Alarming Problem That Even Its Fans Must Admit Has to Be Fixed -- and Soon!


GM May Slash Six Car Models to Combat Slumping Sales, Avoid Plant Layoffs


What to Look for When Alphabet Reports Earnings on Monday


Trump Just Resurrected the Ugly Practice Known as Civil Forfeiture for No Reason











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 





















RocketFrac Announces Former NASA Senior Executive Hon. Ronald R. Spoehel Appointed Chairman Of The Board - TheStreet




























































 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 








































RocketFrac Announces Former NASA Senior Executive Hon. Ronald R. Spoehel Appointed Chairman Of The Board









PR Newswire




Jun 20, 2017 9:00 AM EDT













 


















































     CALGARY ,   June 20, 2017   /PRNewswire/ - RocketFrac Services Ltd. ("RocketFrac"), a privately-held company developing an environmentally safe, proprietary fracing tool  using solid rocket fuel,  is pleased to announce that the Honourable Ronald R. Spoehel,  former Presidentially-Appointed and U.S. Senate confirmed Chief Financial Officer (CFO) of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA),  has been elected to serve as the Chairman of the Board of Directors.    Mr. Spoehel has over 35 years experience in the energy and technology sectors, including serving as an executive officer in various general management positions and on the Boards of public and private companies in the U.S., Canada, Latin America, and Europe.  Following NASA, Mr. Spoehel founded and is Managing Partner of Windrock Capital and presently serves on the Boards of publicly-traded Profire Energy, STG Group, and Millennial Esports.  Among various companies with worldwide operations, he has served in general management and/or on the Board of ICF Kaiser Engineers, Acer Group, Harris Corporation, Optinel Systems, ManTech, and ICx Technologies.  Previously he was in investment banking at Bank of America and Shearson Lehman, and in program management at Hughes Aircraft.  He is an honours graduate of the University of Pennsylvania, where he received his BS in Economics and MBA in Finance from the Wharton School and MSE from the Moore School of Electrical Engineering.   



 








 































































 











Trending


Billionaire Mark Cuban: The Rise of Technology Will Cause a Lot of Unemployment


Starbucks Has an Alarming Problem That Even Its Fans Must Admit Has to Be Fixed -- and Soon!


GM May Slash Six Car Models to Combat Slumping Sales, Avoid Plant Layoffs


What to Look for When Alphabet Reports Earnings on Monday


Trump Just Resurrected the Ugly Practice Known as Civil Forfeiture for No Reason











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 















Utah Business

 



















 





HOME 

ISSUES 

LISTS 

Multimedia 

People 

Events 

Nominations 

Subscribe 

Special Issues 
  






October 25, 2013
Cover Story
CEO of the Year

	
		Utah’s business landscape is rich with professionals who have le...Read More
Featured Articles
Did you go Skiing this winter?Around Utah
Sections
SpotlightMartin PlaehnSpotlightKaren SendelbackLegal BriefsSocial Media and Employers: Friends or Enemies?Money TalkThe Case for HSAsEconomic InsightTime to Show UpLessons LearnedMake a MoveTechKnowledgeIn the LabEntrepreneurEdgeRent to OwnBusiness TrendsBack from the DeadLiving WellArtful InspirationFeaturesA Breath of Fresh AirFeaturesWorst-Case ScenarioRegional ReportNorthern UtahFocusMeasure UpIndustry OutlookTravel & TourismPlayersPlayers 

Article
People on the Move

By Devin Felix
October 25, 2013









	Lehi — Nature's Sunshine Products, Inc. appointed RICHARD STRULSON executive vice president, general counsel and chief compliance officer. Strulson was most recently served as senior vice president, chief privacy officer and counsel at Herbalife.

	St. George — Wilson Electronics, LLC hired CHRISTOPHER RUTHERFORD as vice president of sales and marketing. Most recently, Rutherford was vice president of consumer electronics at Homedics. 

	Wilson Electronics also hired JEFFREY GUDEWICZ as director of business development and product line management. Gudewicz was previously senior strategic sales manager at RF Micro Devices, Inc. 

	Park City — Skullcandy appointed JASON HODELL as chief financial officer. Hodell was most recently CFO at Shopzilla. Before that, he was CFO and COO of Move Networks.

	Salt Lake City — Workman Nydegger named SHAUNA HUSTON as its new executive director. Huston succeeds James Adamson, who will retire in 2014. In addition to her position as executive director, Huston will continue as human resources director, a role she has had since 2007. [photo]

	Salt Lake City — MATTHEW GRANTZ a stroke fellowship-trained neurologist, joined Jordan Valley Neurology Associates in West Jordan. Grantz serves as a visiting instructor in neurology at the University of Utah. ANNE KIERYN, a surgical breast disease specialist, joined Jordan Valley Surgical Specialists in West Jordan. Kieryn completed a fellowship in Surgical Breast Oncology at Stanford University then worked at the Stanford University Women’s Cancer Center.

	St. George — SkyWest Airlines promoted BILL DYKES to vice president of maintenance, effective Jan. 7, 2014. Dykes began work at SkyWest in 1989 and became director of maintenance in 2007. He will succeed H. Michael Gibson, who is retiring after 26 years with the company.

	Salt Lake City — Attorney JEFFREY M. JONES was elected to the North America Regional Council of the World Services Group, a global network of professional business services. Jones is a founding partner of the law firm, Durham Jones & Pinegar.

	Salt Lake City — The Utah Technology Council (UTC) hired JOHN B. HUNTSMAN as its new member services director. Prior to the UTC, Huntsman was with ViaWest in Salt Lake City.

	Provo — Vivint Solar hired THOMAS PLAGEMANN as executive vice president, head of capital markets. Plagemann was most recently at Santander Global Banking & Markets, where he was managing director, head of energy, U.S corporate and investment banking.

	Lindon — RONALD R. SPOEHEL, the former CFO of NASA, joined the board of directors of Profire Energy, Inc. Spoehel served as NASA CFO from 2007 to 2009.

	Provo — Sundance Strategies Inc. appointed MATTHEW G. PEARSON as chief operating officer. He was most recently a partner with EHI, LLC, a life settlement securitization company.  





Utah Business Social




















UB Events View All



Community Events View All







info@utahbusiness.com  |  90 South 400 West, Ste 650 Salt Lake City, Utah 84101   |  (801) 568-0114
                    
Advertise with Utah Business















Submit an Event


* indicates required information


* Event Name:

Price (general):

Website (if applicable):



Coordinator's Name:

Coordinator's Email:

Coordinator's Phone:



Venue Name:

Venue Address:

Venue City:

Venue Zip:



Event Capacity:

Date(s):
 to
                                         


* Event Description:


   Cancel










404 - File or directory not found.



Server Error


404 - File or directory not found.
The resource you are looking for might have been removed, had its name changed, or is temporarily unavailable.







SPOEHEL RONALD R Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      SPOEHEL RONALD R
                    

•   FAIRFAX, VA
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Spoehel Ronald R is based out of Fairfax.   
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from SPOEHEL RONALD R, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




spoehel ronald r


12015 LEE JACKSON HIGHWAY

FAIRFAX
VA
                                                        
                                                    22033









Recent SEC Filings




4 filed on 11/18/2016
4 filed on 09/23/2016
4 filed on 06/27/2016
4 filed on 12/09/2015
3 filed on 12/09/2015
5 filed on 05/06/2015
4 filed on 11/12/2013
3 filed on 10/28/2013
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...








Elevate your investments
Try it for free































Profire Energy appoints Ronald Spoehel to Board of Directors



























































































































[email protected]








twitterlinkedin







About

Our Vision, our Mission
Our Team
Our Values
Our Partners
FAQ
Terms & Conditions
Privacy policy


Board News

latest Board News
Board News by location…

Europe
USA / Canada
Middle East
all the others


Board News by company type

Public / Listed
VC / PE backed
Privately held
Trust / Fund / REIT


Board News by industry…

Life Sciences / Health Care
Financials
Information Technology


Women on Board
submit a Press Release


Board Directory

Company Press Releases
Public / Listed
Global 500
Fortune 500
Private or VC / PE backed
Unicorns
Trust / Fund


Newsletter
Contact
Log In
Register

Select PageAbout    Our Vision, our Mission
    Our Team
    Our Values
    Our Partners
    FAQ
    Terms & Conditions
    Privacy policy
Board News    latest Board News
    Board News by location…        Europe
        USA / Canada
        Middle East
        all the others
    Board News by company type        Public / Listed
        VC / PE backed
        Privately held
        Trust / Fund / REIT
    Board News by industry…        Life Sciences / Health Care
        Financials
        Information Technology
    Women on Board
    submit a Press Release
Board Directory    Company Press Releases
    Public / Listed
    Global 500
    Fortune 500
    Private or VC / PE backed
    Unicorns
    Trust / Fund
Newsletter
Contact
Log In
Register







HomeBoard - USA / Can. Profire Energy appoints Ronald Spoehel to Board of Directors Profire Energy appoints Ronald Spoehel to Board of Directors








October 24, 2013
By  Talent4Boards Team
Comments are Off
Board - USA / Can.


– USA, UT – Profire Energy, Inc. (OTCBB:PFIE), a technology company which manufactures, installs and services burner management systems and other combustion technologies for the oil and gas industry, today announced that Ronald R. Spoehel, the former Chief Financial Officer (CFO) of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA), has joined its Board of Directors. After his appointment by President George W. Bush, Mr. Spoehel served as NASA CFO from 2007 to 2009.
“We couldn’t be happier with Ron’s decision to join the Board,” said Brenton W. Hatch, Chief Executive Officer of Profire. “He brings with him a wealth of knowledge in finance, engineering, and project management. Throughout our discussions with Ron, he has provided perceptive feedback and insights, which he conveys in a very constructive, direct way. We believe Ron will greatly enhance Profire’s leadership and vision in the coming months and years.”
Prior to his time at NASA, Mr. Spoehel spent ten years in investment banking, including five years as Vice President of Bank of America primarily focused on energy and technology sectors. He has also served as Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and Director of various technology and energy companies, including ManTech, ICx Technologies, and others. He has also served on the U.S. Air Force Audit Committee, as well as the Advisory Council for the Wharton and Engineering Schools at the University of Pennsylvania. He currently serves as Managing Partner of Windrock Capital LLC.
“Ron examines the business in a comprehensive and unique way,” said Daren Shaw, Director of Profire Energy. “He considers not only financial interests, but thinks carefully about the organizational, strategic, operational, and industry implications of a potential action or decision. He provides a panoramic viewpoint that will serve Profire well.”
Mr. Spoehel will help oversee the company’s engineering activities with Mr. Albert, and will also help oversee the company’s financial management with Messrs. Andrew Limpert (Profire’s CFO), and Daren Shaw (Director).
“I have been impressed not only with Profire’s market opportunity, but also their vision of what they can become,” said Mr. Spoehel. “This vision has led their management team and employees to grow Profire in a significant way, and will help them capitalize on additional advisement as they execute their strategic plans in the coming months and years. I’m very much looking forward to working with the Profire team.”
Mr. Spoehel earned his BS in Economics, as well as an MBA in Finance from The Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania. He also earned an MS Engineering from the Moore School of Electrical Engineering at the University of Pennsylvania.
With the addition of Mr. Spoehel, the Company’s Board of Directors is now comprised of:

Brenton W. Hatch (Chairman & CEO)
Harold Albert (COO)
Andrew Limpert (CFO)
Daren Shaw
Ronald R. Spoehel

About Profire Energy, Inc.
Profire Energy assists energy production companies in the safe and efficient transportation, refinement and production of oil and natural gas. As energy companies seek greater safety for their employees, compliance with more stringent EPA standards and enhanced margins with their energy production processes, Profire Energy’s burner management systems are increasingly becoming part of their solution. To learn more about the company’s products and services, please visit www.ProfireEnergy.com. Profire Energy has offices in Lindon, Utah; Houston, Texas; and Edmonton, Alberta, Canada.
Related articles

Profire Energy Engages Dorsey & Whitney as Outside Counsel


- Disclaimer - News, data and statement included in this release are intended exclusively for information purposes. Product and brand names used in this release maybe trademarks or registered trade marks of their respective owners. Talent4Boards accepts neither liability for the consequences of the reader’s reliance, nor responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release. No data or statement in this release should be considered a recommendation for the purchase, retention or sale of the securities referred to herein.Other related posts:Profire Energy appoints Arlen Crouch to Board of DirectorsProfire Energy appoints Stephen Pirnat to serve on Board of DirectorsSustainable Energy Fund appoints Robert Thomson and Bernard Zavatone to the Board of DirectorsTalent4Boards Team						





Comments are closed.



Latest Boardroom News


CenterState Banks appoints David Salyers to the Board of Directors
July 20, 2017



Insight Engines announces David Hornik and Erik Swan to Board along with raising $15.8m Series A funding led by August Capital
July 20, 2017



Plexchat announces Gordon Rubenstein to its Board along with raising $7m seed funding led by Raine Ventures
July 20, 2017



Square appoints Randy Garutti to its Board of Directors
July 20, 2017



TemperPack announces Robert Beckler and Cody Nystrom to Board along with raising $10m Series A financing led by SJF Ventures
July 20, 2017











Random BoardsMasimoJOBI CapitaliTOKPromethera BiosciencesSysorex Global Holdings











© 2013-2017 - Talent4Boards Inc. - All rights reserved.  - Geneva - Miami - London - Boston - Paris - Shanghai - Monaco -
































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















ronald r spoehel - WOW.com - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation

















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images




Reference


Reference



Web Results

Hon. Ronald R. Spoehel | LinkedIn

https://www.linkedin.com/in/hon-ronald-r-spoehel-83bba6


View Hon. Ronald R. Spoehel’s professional profile on LinkedIn. LinkedIn is the world's largest business network, helping professionals like Hon. Ronald R. Spoehel ...


Ronald R. Spoehel: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg

https://www.bloomberg.com/research/stocks/private/person.asp...


Hon. Ronald R. Spoehel is the Founder and Managing Partner of Windrock Capital. Mr. Spoehel served as the Chief Financial Officer of National Aeronautical and Space ...


Ronald R. Spoehel - Executive Bio, Compensation History ...

people.equilar.com/bio/profile/executive_profile.jsp?executiveName=...


View Ronald R. Spoehel, Board Member at Profire Energy, Inc., Lindon, UT, executive profile on Equilar Atlas to see current salary at Profire Energy, Inc. and ...


SPOEHEL RONALD R Top Holdings - whalewisdom.com

https://whalewisdom.com/filer/spoehel-ronald-r


Detailed Profile of SPOEHEL RONALD R portfolio of holdings. SEC Filings include 13F quarterly reports, 13D/G events and more.


Ronald R. Spoehel - Executive Bio & Compensation History

executives.findthecompany.com/l/304181/Ronald-R-Spoehel


Find compensation and employment information for Ronald R. Spoehel (Global Defense & National), including salary, stock awards, and previous employers.


Honorable Ronald R. Spoehel Joins Republic Capital Access ...

www.republiccapitalaccess.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/02/Ron...


Honorable Ronald R. Spoehel Joins Republic Capital Access Executive Board Republic Capital Access, LLC (RCA), a specialty finance company for U.S. Government contractors,


STGG Ronald R. Spoehel Insider Trades for STG Group Inc.

www.marketwatch.com/investing/stock/stgg/insiders?pid=121781748


Mr. Ronald R. Spoehel is on the Board of Directors at STG Group, Inc., Profire Energy, Inc. and STG, Inc. Mr. Spoehel was previously employed as an Independent ...


Ronald R. Spoehel – CFO Moves

cfomoves.com/tag/ronald-r-spoehel


Profire Energy, Inc. (OTC: PFIE) announced that Ronald R. Spoehel, the former Chief Financial Officer (CFO) of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration ...


Ronald R Spoehel, 59 - Mc Lean, VA | MyLife.com ...

https://www.mylife.com/ronald-spoehel/e790065982038


View free background profile for Ronald R Spoehel on MyLife ... See Background Report to Learn The Truth about Ronald Spoehel ...


RocketFrac Announces Former NASA Senior Executive Hon ...

https://www.thestreet.com/story/14186959/1


RocketFrac Announces Former NASA Senior Executive Hon. Ronald R. Spoehel Appointed Chairman Of The Board


12345Next






Answers







Ronald R. Yager



Systems, and the Fuzzy Sets and Systems Journal. Biography Ronald R. Yager was born in New York City and attended elementary and high school in the New...

more






Ronald R. Fieve



Ronald R. Fieve is an American psychiatrist known for his work on the use of lithium in treatment of mood disorders. He has authored four popular...

more






Allan Ronald



Dr. Allan R. Ronald (born August 24, 1938) is a Canadian doctor and microbiologist. He has been instrumental in the investigation into sexually...

more



















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | About our Ads
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Part of the AOL Search Network.








