

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version












 


..Select Product Group - SPG Holdings
















































 

JavaScript seems to be Disabled! Some of the website features are unavailable unless JavaScript is enabled.













 

Home
About

Company Overview
Certifications and Awards
Employment


Facilities

Locations
Photos



Products
Contact











Leading Technology
manufacturing and State-of-the-Art Equipment.





Pristine Facilities
with premier machines and equipment.




 










SPG Holdings (SPG)
SPG is a leading specialty paper packaging supplier focused on providing quality, savings and customer service through strategic partnerships with our customers in the foodservice industry.





FACILITIES







PAPER PRODUCTS
SPG's products include Napkins, Wraps & Liners, and Bags. More info...











© 2017 SPG Holdings LLC. All rights reserved











Spot Holdings L.P.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg








































  





















































































July 28, 2017 5:06 PM ET

Company Overview of Spot Holdings L.P.



Snapshot People




Company Overview



440 South LaSalle StreetSuite 2800Chicago, IL 60605United States










Key Executives for Spot Holdings L.P.


Spot Holdings L.P. does not have any Key Executives recorded. 





Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 	Aryzta Us Holdings I Corp. United States 	Michael Anthony Hernandez, A Professional Corp United States !SOLUTIONS! Group United States "Atlantic Tele-Satellite, Inc. United States "D" Construction, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Spot Holdings L.P., please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Spot Holdings L.P.: CEO and Executives - Bloomberg







































  





















































































July 28, 2017 5:06 PM ET

Company Overview of Spot Holdings L.P.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Key Executives for Spot Holdings L.P.
NameBoard RelationshipsTitleAgeThere is no Key Executives data available.
Spot Holdings L.P. Board Members*
NameBoard RelationshipsPrimary CompanyAgeThere is no Board Members data available.
Spot Holdings L.P. Executive Committees*
Committee NameChairpersonBoard RelationshipsMembersThere is no committee data available.
*Data is at least as current as the most recent Definitive Proxy.
Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



CEO COMPENSATION IN THIS INDUSTRY  Industry Range










INDUSTRY EXECUTIVE CHANGESThere is no Executive Change data available.Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Spot Holdings L.P., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












SPOT HOLDINGS L.P. Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      SPOT HOLDINGS L.P.
                    

•   CHICAGO, IL
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Spot Holdings is based out of Chicago.   
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from SPOT HOLDINGS L.P., enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




spot holdings l.p.


440 SOUTH LASALLE STREET

CHICAGO
IL
                                                        
                                                    60605


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      (312) 362-4550







Recent SEC Filings




13F-NT filed on 07/28/2017
13F-NT filed on 05/01/2017
13F-NT filed on 02/07/2017
13F-NT filed on 10/31/2016
13F-NT filed on 08/02/2016
13F-NT filed on 05/10/2016
13F-NT filed on 01/29/2016
13F-NT filed on 11/03/2015
13F-NT filed on 08/11/2015
13F-NT filed on 05/12/2015







Parent/ Related Companies







SPOT TRADING L.L.C

















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...








Elevate your investments
Try it for free



















SPOT HOLDINGS, LLC Credit report, products, contacts













 Florida






Search









    SPOT HOLDINGS, LLC











Company number L05000123483
        

Status Active
        

FEI number 753206431
        

Company Type Florida Limited Liability
        

Home State FL
        

Last activity date 6/9/2008
        

Date Of Incorporation 12/28/2005
        

Principal Address
            1081 HOLLAND DRIVE, BOCA RATON, FL, 33487
            


Mailing Address 1081 HOLLAND DRIVE, BOCA RATON, FL, 33487
        
SPOT HOLDINGS, LLC Principals

M, G, R, M
                Zietz Sam M
                 


Address
                1081 HOLLAND DRIVE, BOCA RATON, FL, 33487
                 



M, G, R, M
                Brodsky Donald
                 


Address
                1081 HOLLAND DRIVE, BOCA RATON, FL, 33487
                 







Last Annual Reports

2016 3/2/2016
            

2016 3/2/2016
            

2015 2/24/2015
            
Registered Agent

Agent Name Zietz               Sheila (p)
        

Agent Address
                1081 HOLLAND DRIVE, BOCA RATON, FL, 33487
                

SPOT HOLDINGS, LLC Events

1 LC AMENDMENT
            

filedDate 6/9/2008
            

Description
SPOT HOLDINGS, LLC has been set up 12/28/2005 in state FL.  
The current status of the business is Active. The SPOT HOLDINGS, LLC principal adress is 1081 HOLLAND DRIVE, BOCA RATON, FL, 33487. 
Meanwhile you can send your letters to 1081 HOLLAND DRIVE, BOCA RATON, FL, 33487. 
The company`s registered agent is Zietz               Sheila 1081 HOLLAND DRIVE, BOCA RATON, FL, 33487.  
The company`s management are M, G, R, M - Zietz Sam M, M, G, R, M - Brodsky Donald. The last significant event in the company history is LC AMENDMENT which is dated by 6/9/2008. This decision is take in action on unknown.  The company annual reports filed on Annual reports – 3/2/2016.






Comprehensive Report about this company
        





(view sample)








Similar Companies
SPOT HUNTER CHARTERS, LLC
SPOTIDDOG PRODUCTIONS, LLC
SPOT IDEA CORPORATION
SPOT III INC
SPOT IMAGE CORPORATION
SPOTIME MEDIA LLC











 





Spot Holdings L.P. (549300UY0KU1OBUSY117) | Open LEIs


















            A user-friendly view on the
            Legal Entity Identifier system




Brought to you by













What is the LEI system?
About OpenCorporates



Register


Login











		    Spot Holdings L.P.
      




Lei 549300UY0KU1OBUSY117
Legal Form LIMITED PARTNERSHIP
Registered Address C/O The Corporation Trust Company, Corporation Trust Center, 1209 Orange Street, Wilmington, US-DE 19801
Headquarter Address 440 South LaSalle Street, Suite 2800, Chicago, US-IL 60605
Legal Jurisdiction US
Business Registry Name N/A
Business Registry Identifier Not supplied!

Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) details

Registered By DTCC/SWIFT CICI
Assignment Date 2014-07-01 01:41:15 UTC
Record Last Update 2015-06-28 10:12:17 UTC
Next Renewal Date 2015-06-27 19:34:41 UTC
Status Code LAPSED



          Imported from gleif on
          July 27 2017,  3.27AM
        




Share this page








Permalink



Connect with us

 Connect
 Join
 Follow






Download Open Data

XML or
      JSON














×












Terms & Conditions

















 







JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
For the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on Javascript in your browser.














(03) 9466 1146 or Contact Us

facebook youtube
 



        Sign In    

Create an AccountSkip to Content

We Accept 

Toggle Nav





My Cart

            ()
            
















Search




Search






        Advanced Search    





Search







        Compare Products        



 


Menu






>VACUUM CLEANERS & STEAM 




Domestic


Bagged
Bagless
Battery Powered
Ducted Vacuums
Handvacs
Robot
Steam Mops
Stickvacs
Upright



Commercial


Backpacks
Battery Powered
Barrel / Canister
Carpet Extractors
Hazardous
Industrial
Upright
Wet & Dry



Specialty


Aircraft Vacuums
Allergy & Asthma
Carpet Shampooers
Floor & Carpet Sweepers
Pet Hair
Powerhead Vacuums
Steam Cleaners
Window Cleaners






>BAGS 
>FILTERS 
>PARTS & ACCESSORIES 




Parts


Adaptors
Batteries & Chargers
Belts
Body Parts
Carpet Extraction
Ducted Vacuum Parts
Electrical Parts
Hoses, Handles & Fittings
Leads & Cords
Motors, Pumps & Accessories
Rods & Wands
Steam Parts & Accessories
Straps, Harnesses & Backpads



Floor Tools


Combination
Commercial
Hard Floors
Housing & Inserts
Necks
Parts For
Pets
Powerhead (with Motor)
Roller Brushes & Parts
Shampooer Heads & Tools
Specialty
Sole & Base Plates
Turbohead (Air Driven)
Wet Floor & Squeegee



Accessories & Attachments


Crevice Tools
Ducted Kits
Dusting Brushes
Specialty
Tool Kits
Upholstery Tools






>CLEANING PRODUCTS 







Chemicals
Cleaning Cloths
Deodorisers
General Cleaning Equipment
Shampoo
Tools & Accessories
Window & Glass





> COMMERCIAL 




Vacuum Cleaners


Backpacks
Battery Powered
Barrel / Canister
Carpet Extractors
Hazardous
Industrial
Upright
Wet & Dry



Machinery


Air Movers / Carpet Blowers
Combination Cleaners
Floor Polishers & Burnishers
Ride On Cleaners
Scrubbers / Dryers
Sprayers
Sweepers






>SALE 




Account








                    Home                


Terms & Conditions






Terms & Conditions 


























VACUUM SPOT HOLDINGS PTY LTD ("Vacuum Spot")
Preliminary
These terms and conditions as well as our privacy policy, shipping, delivery, returns & refunds policies, constitute an agreement between Vacuum Spot Holdings Pty Ltd ABN 30 298 144 652 (Vacuum Spot, we, our, us) and you, the visitor and/or customer, governing your access and use of the Vacuum Spot website accessed through the URL www.vacuumspot.com.au (our website). By accessing or using our website or registering with us, you acknowledge that you have read, understood and agree, without limitation, to be bound by these terms and conditions and other related policies mentioned above. At the outset, you should be aware that your use of our website is at your sole risk and you agree that you will be personally responsible for your use of our website and for all of your communication and activity on our website.
Liability
Vacuum Spot is not liable for any losses or damages whatsoever (including, without limitation, damages for loss or profits, business interruption, loss of information) caused by or arising out of the use or inability to use the material or information available on this website or any website linked to or from this website. We reserve the right to refuse any order without giving reason. Upon cancellation of an order we will make all reasonable attempts to contact you using the details provided. All received monies will be refunded using the method received for online purchases.
Orders
We will only accept orders via our website from customers with a billing and delivery address located within Australia or New Zealand. Unfortunately we are unable to accept orders from, or deliver to, other overseas locations outside of these countries. Our secure online ordering system is a live transaction processing system. This means that when you place an order for an item, you will be automatically charged. We verify all your details via electronic means, and may also contact you for a verbal confirmation before any goods are sent to you.
Delivery
The delivery times provided by Vacuum Spot are estimates only. Vacuum Spot will not be held accountable for late deliveries or loss or damage relating to late deliveries. In the event that multiple items are ordered, part deliveries may be made where stock is not available. All reasonable attempts to notify you will be made using the details you provided. Please ensure you enter the correct delivery address. Vacuum Spot cannot be held responsible for incorrectly entered delivery addresses. Please refer to our Shipping & Delivery Policy for further information.
Acceptance of goods
The buyer is responsible for inspecting the goods for fault and notifying us within 7 days of receiving the goods should there be a fault or any damage incurred during transit.
Pricing
Prices on this website are subject to change without notice. All orders and transactions, regardless of whether payment is made via credit card, debit card, direct deposit, PayPal or in cash, are charged only in Australian Dollars (AUD) unless otherwise stated. A Good & Services Tax (GST) of 10% is charged on all orders.
Returns
Returns must be in 'as new' condition and unopened in their original packaging unless faulty. Please refer to our Returns & Refund Policy for further information.
Order cancellations
If notified before goods have been dispatched, Vacuum Spot can accommodate order cancellations. But regardless of whether or not items have already been shipped, Vacuum Spot reserves the right to refuse order cancellation or charge a cancellation fee.
Privacy Policy
Vacuum Spot recognises that your privacy is very important to you and we value the relationship we have with you. For this reason, your visit to this website is subject to our Privacy Policy and we encourage you to read our Privacy Policy prior to purchasing our products or further using our website.
Copyright
You acknowledge and agree that any and all trade marks, copyright, designs, the ‘look and feel’ of our website, data files, graphics, text, photographs, drawings, logos, images, sounds, music, video or audio files, software and all HTML and other code contained in our website and all other intellectual property remains at all times vested in Vacuum Spot Holdings Pty Ltd and/or are the property of their respective third party owner and must not be used, published or reproduced in any manner without the prior written consent of Vacuum Spot Holdings Pty Ltd or the relevant third party. In relation to any third party intellectual property rights, you acknowledge that nothing in these terms and conditions or on our website purports to demonstrate that any third party rights are owned or licensed to Vacuum Spot Holdings Pty Ltd from the relevant third party.
Content
Vacuum Spot will not be held responsible in the event that you encounter material that you deem offensive, indecent or otherwise objectionable.
Errors, Mistakes and Missing Information
Despite our tireless efforts, Vacuum Spot cannot guarantee that our website will be completely free of errors and misleading information. In the event of an error or other content related issue, Vacuum Spot reserves the right to correct such error without notification. Vacuum Spot also reserves the right to cancel any order that may have been made under the pretense of such error. In the event where an order is canceled, but has been paid for, the user will receive a full refund.
Customer Feedback
Please note that all customer feedback given to Vacuum Spot shall be considered the property of Vacuum Spot. This includes all customer communication, testimonials and contact information. By releasing this information to Vacuum Spot, you are hereby giving Vacuum Spot the non-exclusive, worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, and unlimited right to reproduce, modify, publish, translate and distribute such material in any way deemed appropriate by the management of Vacuum Spot.
Your obligations and responsibilities
In the access or use of our website, you agree to comply with these terms and conditions and the special warnings or instructions for access or use posted on our website from time to time. You will always act in accordance with the law, custom and in good faith. You may not make any change or alteration to our website or any content or services that may appear on our website and may not impair in any way the integrity or operation of our website.
Third party advertising and links to external websites
The Vacuum Spot website may, from time to time, contain links to other websites, including links to other websites or resources operated by third parties, including advertisers. Vacuum Spot has not reviewed all of the websites linked to its website and does not necessarily sponsor, endorse or approve of any of the advertising, products, services or other materials on, or available from, such websites. Furthermore, Vacuum Spot makes no warranties or representations regarding the quality, accuracy, merchantability or fitness for purpose of any advertising, products, services or other materials on external websites to which its website is linked. Vacuum Spot also makes no warranties or representations that the advertising, products, services or other materials on the websites to which this website is linked does not infringe the intellectual property rights of any person anywhere in the world and Vacuum Spot is not authorising infringement of any such rights by linking to such websites.
Changes to the terms and conditions
You acknowledge and agree that Vacuum Spot reserves the right to, and may make changes to, these terms and conditions from time to time to reflect its changing business. However, Vacuum Spot will not vary these terms and conditions so as to retrospectively increase your liability to Vacuum Spot. Once changes are made to the terms and conditions, Vacuum Spot will make a new copy of the terms and conditions available on its website as soon as possible after the changes are made. The amended terms and conditions will apply from the date the new terms and conditions are posted on our website. You agree that Vacuum Spot is under no obligation to provide you with notice about changes to the terms and conditions and you further agree that it is your responsibility to check the terms and conditions for any changes. If you do not agree to any change to the terms and conditions, then you must immediately stop using our website.
Force majeure
If by reason of any fact, circumstance, matter or thing beyond the reasonable control of us or you either is unable to perform, in whole or in part, any obligation under these terms and conditions, then that party is relieved of that obligation to the extent and for the period of time that it is so unable to perform and is not to be liable to the other party in respect of such inability.
These terms and conditions are independent of one another
If any provision of these terms and conditions offends any applicable law and, as a consequence is illegal, invalid or unenforceable then where the offending term can be read down so as to give it a valid and enforceable operation of a partial nature, it must be read down to the minimum extent necessary to achieve that result. In any other case, the offending term must be removed from these terms and conditions, in which event the remaining provisions of these terms and conditions will continue to operate and be valid and enforceable.
The law that applies to these terms and conditions
Unless otherwise agreed in writing by Vacuum Spot, the Courts of any State or Territory in Australia will have exclusive jurisdiction in relation to all matters whatsoever concerning these terms and conditions. The customer irrevocably waives any objection to the venue selected by Vacuum Spot in relation to any legal proceedings concerning these terms and conditions. The laws of the State or Territory chosen by Vacuum Spot for any such legal proceedings, will govern these terms and conditions.

 

    Spot Holdings Limited | United Kingdom | DueDil
    Search for a company or director
  Sign InSign InProductTeamsCustomersPlansAboutInternationalBlogHelpTalk to sales 020 3137 8490
    Product
  
    Teams
  
    Customers
  
    Plans
  
    About
  
    Contact DueDil
  
        Spot Holdings Limited
    GB|ActiveReportAdd to ListKey InformationActivityNews & SocialPeopleLocationsDirectorsOwnershipGroupDocumentsFinancialsCredit RiskTrade Debtors
                                          163.8k
                                                                                        GBP149.86%
                                          Net Assets
                                          -1.3k
                                                                                        GBP97.12%
                                          Debt to Capital (%)
                                          100.2
                                                                                        %Liquidity Ratio
                                          0.94
                                                                                DetailsCompany nameSpot Holdings LimitedCompany number06988302Legal Entity Identifier—
                                                  Company typePrivate limited with share capitalIncorporation date12 Aug 2009Type of accounts filingSmall CompanyLatest annual returns
                            12 Aug 2016
                        Next annual returns due
                                26 Aug 2017
                                                                                            Latest annual accounts
                                    30 Sep 2016
                                Next annual accounts due
                                30 Jun 2017
                                                                                            SIC 2003
                                7499 — Non-Trading Company
                            SIC 2007
                                7499 — Non-Trading Company
                            WebsiteAdd websiteSocial MediaRegistered Address7 The CloseNorwichNR1 4DJUnited KingdomTrading addresses and phone numbers
                            Find contact information in the Locations tab.
                        Go to LocationsDescription
            
                
            
    Spot Holdings Limited was registered on 12 Aug 2009        with its registered office in Norwich.
                The business has a status listed as "Active".                     
                It currently has  3 directors.
    
                        The company's first directors were Charlotte Goff, Julia Elizabeth Goff, Michael Lee Johnson Goff.            The business currently employs 1-4 people.            They have one subsidiary, Spot Landscaping Limited.        RegulationFinancial Conduct Authority See the FCA status of any company. For Enterprise users only.
                        Cash26,632 GBPEnable JavaScript to view the graph.Current Liabilities627,729 GBPEnable JavaScript to view the graph.Net Assets-1,309 GBPEnable JavaScript to view the graph.Current Assets588,866 GBPEnable JavaScript to view the graph.Registered NamesFromUntilPrevious Name30 Jun 2008PresentWidgets R Us Ltd01 Jun 197030 Jun 2008Widgets Were Us LtdRegistered NamesFind out if this company has traded using a different registered name.See sampleCompany characteristicsAge
                                    Young
                                
                                5-10 years
                            Location
                                    NR1
                                AboutHelp keep this company's profile up to date.Add a DescriptionLocationChoose an AddressRegistered addressTrading address7 The CloseNorwichNR1 4DJUnited Kingdom7 The CloseNorwichNorfolkNR1 4DJUnited KingdomView mapView map
                                    Get rich data on the companies that matter to you.
                            
                                    DueDil provides company information to help businesses find opportunities and mitigate risk.
                            Make your business more agile and resilient today.View PlansLearn MoreGrow RevenueStreamline OnboardingMinimise RiskImprove Collaboration×