

Springleaf Finance Corporation: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 12:44 PM ET
Consumer Finance

Company Overview of Springleaf Finance Corporation



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Springleaf Finance Corporation, a consumer finance company, provides personal loans and insurance products. The company offers personal loans secured by consumer goods, automobiles, or other personal property; and unsecured personal loans. Its insurance products include credit insurance products, such as life, disability, and involuntary unemployment insurance; and non-credit insurance, as well as auto membership plans. As of December 31, 2016, Springleaf Finance Corporation had 700 branch offices in 28 states. The company was formerly known as American General Finance Corporation and changed its name to Springleaf Finance Corporation in March 2011. The company was founded in 1920 and is bas...
Springleaf Finance Corporation, a consumer finance company, provides personal loans and insurance products. The company offers personal loans secured by consumer goods, automobiles, or other personal property; and unsecured personal loans. Its insurance products include credit insurance products, such as life, disability, and involuntary unemployment insurance; and non-credit insurance, as well as auto membership plans. As of December 31, 2016, Springleaf Finance Corporation had 700 branch offices in 28 states. The company was formerly known as American General Finance Corporation and changed its name to Springleaf Finance Corporation in March 2011. The company was founded in 1920 and is based in Evansville, Indiana. Springleaf Finance Corporation is a subsidiary of Springleaf Finance, Inc.
Detailed Description


601 N.W. Second StreetEvansville, IN 47708United StatesFounded in 19202,800 Employees



Phone: 812-424-8031

www.onemainfinancial.com







Key Executives for Springleaf Finance Corporation




Mr. Jay N. Levine


      	Chief Executive Officer, President and Director
      


Age: 55
        







Mr. Scott T. Parker


      	Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
      


Age: 49
        







Mr. Bradford D. Borchers


      	Executive Vice President of Branch Operations
      


Age: 54
        







Mr. John Charles Anderson


      	Executive Vice President of Capital Markets and Director
      


Age: 59
        







Mr. Lawrence N. Skeats


      	Chief Administrative Officer and Executive Vice President
      


Age: 51
        




Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Springleaf Finance Corporation Key Developments

Springleaf Finance Corporation Proposes Offering of Additional Senior Notes
May 24 17
OneMain Holdings Inc. announced that its indirect, wholly owned subsidiary Springleaf Finance Corporation is proposing to offer up to $500 million aggregate principal amount of 6.125% senior notes due 2022, subject to market and other conditions. The additional notes will be guaranteed on an unsecured basis by OMH. The additional notes will be treated as a single series with, and have the same CUSIP number as, SFC’s outstanding $500 million aggregate principal amount of 6.125% senior notes due 2022 issued on May 15, 2017. There can be no assurance that the offering of the notes will be consummated. The company intends to use the net proceeds from the offering to repurchase and retire approximately $466 million aggregate principal amount of the company’s 6.90% medium-term notes, series J due December 2017, and the remainder will be used for general corporate purposes, which may include additional debt repurchases and repayments.


Springleaf Finance Corporation Announces Pricing of $500 Million Aggregate Principal Amount of Senior Notes
May 10 17
OneMain Holdings Inc. announced Springleaf Finance Corporation priced $500 million aggregate principal amount of 6.125% senior notes due May 2022 (the “notes”) in connection with its previously announced registered notes offering. The notes will be guaranteed on an unsecured basis by OMH (the “guarantee”). The size of the offering of the notes has been upsized from $400 million to $500 million. The closing of the offering is expected to occur on May 15, 2017, subject to customary closing conditions.


Springleaf Finance Corporation Proposes Offering Up to $400 Million Aggregate Principal Amount of Senior Notes Due 2022
May 9 17
OneMain Holdings Inc. (“OMH”) announced that its indirect, wholly owned subsidiary Springleaf Finance Corporation (“SFC”) is proposing to offer up to $400 million aggregate principal amount of senior notes due 2022, subject to market and other conditions. The notes will be guaranteed on an unsecured basis by OMH. There can be no assurance that the offering of the notes will be consummated. SFC intends to use the net proceeds from the offering for general corporate purposes, which may include debt repurchases and repayments. The offering is being made only by means of a prospectus supplement and accompanying base prospectus. OMH and SFC have filed a registration statement (including a base prospectus) and a preliminary prospectus supplement with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) for the offering to which this communication relates and will file a final prospectus supplement relating to the offering.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 1031 Corp. United States 1800Pay, Inc. United States 1st Franklin Financial Corporation United States 2011-SIP-2 Venture, LLC United States 2262011 Ontario-Delaware Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Springleaf Finance Corporation, please visit www.onemainfinancial.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









Springleaf Finance Corporation:  quotes & news - Google FinanceCookies help us deliver our services. By using our services, you agree to our use of cookiesLearn moreGot itMy AccountSearchMapsYouTubePlayNewsGmailDriveCalendarGoogle+TranslatePhotosMoreShoppingWalletFinanceDocsBooksBloggerContactsHangoutsKeepEven more from GoogleSign inHidden fieldsSearch FinanceAdobe Flash Player is required for interactive charts. AllowFinanceSpringleaf Finance CorporationCompanySummaryNewsRelated companiesMarketsNewsPortfoliosStock screenerGoogle Domestic TrendsRecent Quotes (30 days)You have no recent quoteschg | %




Springleaf Finance Corporation
 









Officers and directors


Jay N. Levine
President, CEO, and Director


Donald R. Breivogel Jr.
SVP, CFO, and Director


Wesley R. (Wes) Edens
Chairman


Address
601 N.W. 2nd St.Evansville, IN 47708-1013USA+1-812-424-8031 (Phone)812-468-5560 (Fax)

Website links


http://www.springleaffinancial.com










Springleaf Finance (formerly American General Finance or AGF) services first and second real estate mortgages and offers loans for automobiles and other goods. Most of Springleaf's mortgages are categorized as subprime or nonprime loans. The company also provides credit insurance and related products through subsidiaries Merit Life Insurance and Yosemite Insurance. Springleaf operates about 1,000 offices in the US, Puerto Rico, and the US Virgin Islands. It has foreign operations in the UK. Fortress Investment Group bought 80% of Springleaf from insurance giant American International Group (AIG) in 2010; AIG retained a 20% stake in the company.


More from Hoovers »




Related companies




Name
Exchange
Symbol
Last trade

Change
Mkt cap




Springleaf Finance Corporation
Private












WELLS FARGO HOME MORTGAGE, INC.
Private












CITIFINANCIAL, INC.
Private












Residential Capital, LLC
Private












Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc.
Private












Aurora Loan Services LLC
Private












Johnson Capital Group Inc
Private












SUNTRUST MORTGAGE, INC.
Private












QUICKEN LOANS INC.
Private












Franklin American Mortgage Co Inc
Private












UNIVERSAL AMERICAN MORTGAGE COMPANY, LLC
Private
















Google Finance Beta available in: Hong Kong - Canada - U.S. - China - U.K.Information is provided "as is" and solely for informational purposes, not for trading purposes or advice, and may be delayed.To see all exchange delays, please  see disclaimer.©2017 Google - Google Home - Blog - Help - Report a Problem - Privacy Policy - Terms of Service

	Market Report: Springleaf Finance Corporation - Strategy, SWOT and Corporate Finance Report

















































ABOUT US

• PUBLISHERS
• CONTACT US
• CART




Login | Register















All Industries
Business & Finance
-- Business
-- Financial Services
-- Insurance
-- Marketing
Consumer & Food
-- Beverages
-- Consumer Goods
-- Food
-- Retailing
Healthcare
-- Biotechnology
-- Healthcare
-- Medical Devices
-- Pharmaceuticals
Heavy Industry
-- Construction
-- Energy
-- Manufacturing
-- Materials
-- Transportation
Internet & Media
-- E-Business
-- Internet
-- Media
-- Publishing
Public Sector
-- Defense
-- Education
-- Government
Telecom & Computing
-- Computer Technology
-- Fixed Networks
-- Software
-- Wireless
Company/Country Reports
-- Company Reports
-- Country Reports
-- Regional Reports


 
            













                        Processing...




Springleaf Finance Corporation - Strategy, SWOT and Corporate Finance Report

     
                        Jan 31, 2017 - MarketLine 
                    
                - 29 pages 
                - USD $175 
         





Click here to open the POPUP


                        You've added the following report to your cart:CLOSE








Cart Summary



                                    Total Items: 
                                

                                    SubTotal: 
                                


    









Report Summary


Table of Contents


Companies


Request Details


Related







Springleaf Finance Corporation - Strategy, SWOT and Corporate Finance Report, is a source of comprehensive company data and information. The report covers the company's structure, operation, SWOT analysis, product and service offerings and corporate actions, providing a 360deg view of the company.Key FindingsDetailed information on Springleaf Finance Corporation required for business and competitor intelligence needsA study of the major internal and external factors affecting Springleaf Finance Corporation in the form of a SWOT analysisAn in-depth view of the business model of Springleaf Finance Corporation including a breakdown and examination of key business segmentsIntelligence on Springleaf Finance Corporation's mergers and acquisitions (MandA), strategic partnerships and alliances, capital raising, private equity transactions, and financial and legal advisorsNews about Springleaf Finance Corporation, such as business expansion, restructuring, and contract winsLarge number of easy-to-grasp charts and graphs that present important data and key trendsReasons to Get this ReportGain understanding of Springleaf Finance Corporation and the factors that influence its strategies.Track strategic initiatives of the company and latest corporate news and actions.Assess Springleaf Finance Corporation as a prospective partner, vendor or supplier.Support sales activities by understanding your customers' businesses better.Stay up to date on Springleaf Finance Corporation's business structure, strategy and prospects.Report HighlightsSpringleaf Finance Corporation (SFC) is a financial services holding company. The company, through its subsidiaries and affiliates, provides a range of home loans and auto loans products and services. Key service offerings of the company include home loans portfolio, consumer finance, insurance products and services, and acquisition of loan portfolio, debt consolidation, home improvement, unexpected expenses, vacations and purchases. The company also offers a wide range of auto loans solutions. It also offers mortgage payment solutions. It distributes these products and services through its branches in the US. SFC is headquartered in Evansville, Indiana, the US.
Company Snapshot- Springleaf Finance Corporation: Company Overview- Springleaf Finance Corporation: Overview and Key Facts--- Springleaf Finance Corporation: Overview--- Springleaf Finance Corporation: Key Facts- Springleaf Finance Corporation: Key Employees- Springleaf Finance Corporation: Key Employee Biographies- Springleaf Finance Corporation: Major Products and Services- Springleaf Finance Corporation: Company History- Springleaf Finance Corporation: Management Statement- Springleaf Finance Corporation: Key CompetitorsSpringleaf Finance Corporation: Company Analysis- Springleaf Finance Corporation: Business Description- Springleaf Finance Corporation: SWOT Analysis--- Springleaf Finance Corporation: SWOT Overview--- Springleaf Finance Corporation: Strengths--- Springleaf Finance Corporation: Weaknesses--- Springleaf Finance Corporation: Opportunities--- Springleaf Finance Corporation: Threats- Springleaf Finance Corporation: Corporate Financial Deals Activity- Springleaf Finance Corporation: Financial Deals Overview- Springleaf Finance Corporation: Targets and Partners- Springleaf Finance Corporation: Top Deals 2013 - 2017YTD*- Springleaf Finance Corporation: Mergers and Acquisitions- Springleaf Finance Corporation: Capital RaisingAppendix- Contact Us- Methodology- Definitions- About DatamonitorList of TablesTable 1: Springleaf Finance Corporation: Key FactsTable 2: Springleaf Finance Corporation: Key EmployeesTable 3: Springleaf Finance Corporation: Key CompetitorsTable 4: Springleaf Finance Corporation: Deal Activity by Deal Type - Volume (2013 - YTD*2017)Table 5: Springleaf Finance Corporation: Targets and PartnersTable 6: Springleaf Finance Corporation: Top Deals 2013 - 2017YTD*Table 7: Springleaf Finance Corporation: MandA Volume and Value Trend (2013 - YTD*2017)Table 8: Springleaf Finance Corporation: MandA Activity by Geography (2013 - YTD*2017)Table 9: Springleaf Finance Corporation: Capital Raising Volume and Value Trend (2013 - YTD*2017)Table 10: Springleaf Finance Corporation: Capital Raising by Deal Type (2013 - YTD*2017)List of FiguresFigure 1: Spirit AeroSystems Holdings, Inc.: Deal Activity by Deal Type - Volume (TTM*)Figure 2: Spirit AeroSystems Holdings, Inc.: Deal Activity by Deal Type - Volume (2013 - YTD*2017)Figure 3: Spirit AeroSystems Holdings, Inc.: Capital Raising Volume and Value Trend (2013 - YTD*2017)Figure 4: Spirit AeroSystems Holdings, Inc.: Capital Raising by Deal Type (2013 - YTD*2017)Figure 5: Spirit AeroSystems Holdings, Inc.: Partnership Volume and Value Trend (2013 - YTD*2017)Figure 6: Spirit AeroSystems Holdings, Inc.: Partnership Trend by Deal Type (2013 - YTD*2017)Figure 7: Spirit AeroSystems Holdings, Inc.: Divestments Volume and Value Trend (2013 - YTD*2017)
Companies Mentioned in this ReportSpringleaf Finance Corporation
This report does not have a press release associated with it









Order Today!

FORMAT: PDF 
$175  USD
LICENSE: Single User 
DELIVERY: By Email - 1 Business Day


























The Fast Market Research Advantage

Only the Best
            All of our research is sourced from the most trusted and established global analysts and consultancies
Client Focused
            From start-ups to multinationals, we focus on providing the right research to our diverse client base
Shop Securely
            Our US-based customer service team and eCommerce systems adhere to the highest data security standards
Industry-leading Customer Support
            Individualized assistance from our expert staff is never more than an email or phone call away




BEST PRICE GUARANTEE
We are committed to providing the best research at the lowest cost.  We will match any published price for the same report, guaranteed!



EASY ORDERING
Once you’ve found the right report, click ‘order now’ and complete the checkout process
using any major credit card, check or wire/bank transfer.Need multi-user or enterprise license pricing?  Contact us for a custom quote!
                  




About the Publisher
MarketLine is a global publisher of company, industry and country information. Their clients operate across a wide variety of industries and job functions and range from multinational corporations right down to small businesses in both developed and developing economies. MarketLine users enjoy access to content that is trustworthy, up to date and reasonably priced and routinely turn to them as their first-stop resource for instantly accessible, reliable business information. MarketLine is wholly owned subsidiary of Datamonitor.

Publisher Details







Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | FLASHALERTS


Copyright &copy 2017 Fast Market Research, Inc.




















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









Springleaf Financial ServicesSpringleaf is now OneMain!New name. Same great team.We now offer our customized loan solutions to more communities â with over 1,700 branches in 44 states. As OneMain, you can expect the same personalized service from friendly loan specialists. Our new website is OneMainFinancial.com, visit us now and bookmark the new site. Current Springleaf CustomersYour account number, loan terms, payment amount and due date will remain the sameYou will now see the OneMain name on communications from us, on our website and on your billing statementsYou can continue calling or visiting your current branch to make payments or ask questions about your loanYou will have the same benefits you currently enjoy, including online account management, our mobile app and rewards program*We invite you to contact us if you have any questions. *Not available in all states or branches or where prohibited by law. Customers must be in good standing. See OneMainFinancial.com/Rewards for eligible state and branch information. Subject to complete details in program Terms of Service. Current Customer?Log In to Your AccountMake a PaymentNeed a Loan?Apply with OneMainReceived mail?Respond on our new site to the loan offer you received in the mail from Springleaf. Look up my offerLooking for a branch?Use our branch locator to get directions and the phone number of your OneMain branch. 








     Springleaf Finance Corp
        – Filings and Transcripts
    – BamSEC


































Toggle navigation

















                                Product 


Features
Product Details
Help Center
Pricing


Contact

Log In


Free Trial








            Springleaf Finance Corp
        


 Watch 








Warning: Large portions of this site require JavaScript enabled in order to function properly. Please make sure JavaScript is enabled in your browser.
Please let us know at support@bamsec.com if you have any questions or concerns.





 Categorized
            

 Chronological
            

 Ownership by Owner
            

 Transcripts
            

 Your Highlights
            

Search in Documents









Key Exhibits

Articles of Inc. & Bylaws
Credit Agreements
Indentures
Material Contracts
Plans of Reorganization
Underwriting Agreements

External Links



                    SEC EDGAR
                    







Financials         

Filter












            10-Q
        


            ended         03/31/17

        

                        Q1
        

                        05/05/17

        




            10-K
        


            ended         12/31/16

        

                        FY 2016
        

                        02/21/17

        




            10-Q
        


            ended         09/30/16

        

                        Q3
        

                        11/08/16

        




            10-Q
        


            ended         06/30/16

        

                        Q2
        

                        08/05/16

        




            10-Q
        


            ended         03/31/16

        

                        Q1
        

                        05/06/16

        




            10-K
        


            ended 12/34/56
        

                        ## ####
        

                        02/29/16

        




            10-Q
        


            ended 12/34/56
        

                        ##
        

                        11/09/15

        







Prospectuses and Registrations         

Filter












            424B5
        

            Prospectus supplement for primary offering
        

                        05/26/17

        




            FWP
        

            Free writing prospectus
        

                        05/25/17

        




            424B3
        

            Prospectus supplement
        

                        05/24/17

        




            424B5
        

            Prospectus supplement for primary offering
        

                        05/12/17

        




            FWP
        

            Free writing prospectus
        

                        05/10/17

        




            424B3
        

            ########## ##########
        

                        05/09/17

        




            424B5
        

            ########## ########## ### ####### ########
        

                        04/08/16

        







Ownership 

No filings in this category.



News         

Filter












            8-K
        

            Material Definitive Agreement, New Financial Obligation or Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement, Financial Statements or Exhibits
        

                        05/30/17

        




            8-K
        

            Material Definitive Agreement, New Financial Obligation or Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement, Financial Statements or Exhibits
        

                        05/15/17

        




            8-K
        

            Revised Financial Statements and MD&A From Springleaf Finance Corporation’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the Quarterly Period Ended March 31, 2016
        

                        08/29/16

        




            8-K
        

            Revised Selected Financial Data, MD&A, and Financial Statements From Springleaf Finance Corporation’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Year Ended December 31, 2015
        

                        08/29/16

        




            8-K
        

            Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Consolidated Financial Information
        

                        05/05/16

        




            8-K
        

            ######## ########## ########## ### ######### ########## ## ########### ##### ############ ######### ########## ## ########
        

                        04/11/16

        




            8-K
        

            ######### ### ##### ######### ############ ######### ###########
        

                        04/01/16

        







Proxies 

No filings in this category.

Other         

Filter












            ABS-15G
        

            Asset-backed securitizer report
        

                        03/16/17

        




            ABS-15G
        

            Asset-backed securitizer report
        

                        01/29/16

        




            CT ORDER
        

            Confidential treatment order
        

                        06/09/15

        




            ABS-15G
        

            Asset-backed securitizer report
        

                        01/14/15

        




            ABS-15G
        

            Asset-backed securitizer report
        

                        01/06/14

        




            EFFECT
        

            ###### ## #############
        

                        11/08/13

        




            ABS-15G
        

            ############ ########### ######
        

                        04/03/13

        









See an issue? Let us know.







×
Report an Issue




What is the issue?



Your email

Optional. Fill in if you would like to receive a reply from us.




Cancel
Report Issue










×
Report Submitted


Thank you for reporting the issue. If you have provided an email address, we will be in touch shortly.



Close









×
Report Not Submitted


Sorry, your submission did not go through. This could be due to a network error or, if you are at an investment bank, your company disallowing issue report submissions.



Cancel
Try again?










Free Trial


Features


© 2017 BamSEC, Inc.
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Browse


















BBB Business Profile | OneMain Financial | Accreditation































Home
 > 
Accredited Business Directory
 > 
Consumer Finance & Loan Companies
 > 
OneMain Financial














BBB Accredited Business Profile



                            Is this your business? 
                                Claim it now.








OneMain Financial
































OneMain Financial






            Business Information
        






(812) 424-8031

OneMain Financial
88 years in business

        8223 W Flagler St
        Miami, FL 33144-2027
    




                 WEBSITE
            





                    Additional Phone Numbers
                


                            (772) 692-2740
                        

                            (561) 272-0343
                        

                            (772) 785-9499
                        

                            (561) 366-8050
                        

                            (954) 485-7722
                        

                            (305) 266-7045
                        

                            (954) 474-1990
                        

                            (954) 938-9201
                        

                            (954) 748-3101
                        

                            (954) 433-7700
                        

                            (954) 973-8882
                        

                            (561) 842-1247
                        

                            (561) 567-4326
                        

                            (561) 964-4305
                        

                            (305) 558-7333
                        

                            (954) 431-1393
                        

                            (305) 262-4670
                        

                            (561) 684-5440
                        

                            (772) 343-7483
                        

                            (954) 351-2454
                        

                            (305) 820-0270
                        




                    Additional Website Addresses
                


http://www.loansfast.com


http://www.onemainfinancial.com






See Less Contact Options
See More Contact Options






                BBB File Opened: 03/05/1999
            

                Business Started: 01/01/1929







            Contact Information
        


                    Principal: Mr. Jay Levine, CEO
                





            Business Category
        


                Consumer Finance & Loan Companies
            




                            Loans - Small Business
                        

                            Credit Services
                        

                            Financial Services
                        

                            Collection Agencies
                        




See More Business Categories
See Less Business Categories









            Alternate Business Names
        


                    Springleaf Financial
                







                    Licensing, Bonding or Registration
                
                This business is in an industry that may require professional licensing, bonding or registration. BBB encourages you to check with the appropriate agency to be certain any requirements are currently being met.

                
            



See Less Business Information
See More Business Information


 







BBB Accreditation





                BBB Accredited Since 10/04/2016
            

                BBB has determined that OneMain Financial meets Standards of BBB Accreditation, which include a commitment to make a good faith effort to resolve any consumer complaints. BBB Accredited Businesses pay a fee for accreditation review/monitoring and for support of BBB services to the public.
            

                BBB accreditation does not mean that the business's products or services have been evaluated or endorsed by BBB, or that BBB has made a determination as to the business's product quality or competency in performing services.
            








Standards of BBB Accreditation






Build Trust









            Establish and maintain a positive track record in the marketplace.
        

           An accredited business or organization agrees to:

                   1. Have been operational (actively selling products or services) in any BBB service area for at least the most recent 6 months, unless the principle(s) previously operated a similar business with an eligible record (one that qualifies for BBB accreditation).
                

                   1. Fulfill contracts signed and agreements reached.
                

                   3. Be free from government action that demonstrates a significant failure to support BBB ethical principles in marketplace transactions (this requires a determination by BBB as to the nature of any violation, whether it was caused or condoned by management, and actions taken to resolve underlying issues that led to the government action).
                
4. Be free of an unsatisfactory rating and maintain at least a B rating at the accrediting BBB and the BBB where it is headquartered, if different.

                   5. In its relationship with BBB: 
1. meet all applicable standards within this Code of Business Practices

                            2. cooperate with BBB's activities and efforts to promote voluntary self- regulation within the business' industry
                        
3. honor any settlements, agreements or decisions reached as an outcome of a BBB dispute resolution process

                            4. complete the required application and pay all monetary obligations to BBB in a timely manner
                        









Advertise Honestly









            Adhere to established standards of advertising and selling.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Follow federal, state/provincial and local advertising laws.
                

                    2. Abide by the BBB Code of Advertising. Supply, upon request, substantiation for advertising and selling claims. Correct advertising and selling practices, when recommended by BBB.
                
3. Adhere to applicable BBB industry codes of advertising.
4. Cooperate with BBB self-regulatory programs for the resolution of advertising disputes.
5. Use the BBB name and logos in accordance with BBB policy.

                    6. Avoid misleading customers by creating the false impression of sponsorship, endorsement, popularity, trustworthiness, product quality or business size through the misuse of logos, trustmarks, pictures, testimonials, or other means
                







Tell the Truth









            Honestly represent products and services, including clear and adequate disclosures of all material terms.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Make known all material facts in both written and verbal representations, remembering that misrepresentation may result not only from direct statements but by omitting or obscuring relevant facts.
                

                    2. Ensure that any written materials are readily available, clear, accurate and complete.
                







Be Transparent









            Openly identify the nature, location, and ownership of the business, and clearly disclose all policies, guarantees and procedures that bear on a customer's decision to buy.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Upon request, provide BBB with all information required to evaluate compliance with BBB standards. This may include, but is not limited to business name, address and contact information; names and background of principles; business and banking references; licensing and/or professional accreditation; and a complete description of the nature of the business.
                

                    2. Clearly disclose to customers:

                    
1. direct and effective means to contact the business
2. terms of any written contract
3. any guarantees or warranties accompanying a product

                            4. any restrictions or limitations imposed (e.g. limited supply,maximum number available per customer)
                        
5. the business' return/refund policy

                            6. any recurring commitment into which the customer may be entering, including information on how future billing will occur
                        
7. total cost of the transaction, including tax, shipping and handling, and other related charges



                    3. If selling products or providing services on Web sites or via other electronic means: 
1. provide any required product labeling information

                            2. disclose the nature and terms of shipping, including any known delays or shortages of stock
                        
3. provide an opportunity to review and confirm the transaction before the sale is completed

                            4. provide a receipt summarizing the transaction after the purchase
                        









Honor Promises









            Abide by all written agreements and verbal representations.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 
1. Fulfill contracts signed and agreements reached. 2. Honor representations by correcting mistakes as quickly as possible.







Be Responsive









            Address marketplace disputes quickly, professionally, and in good faith.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Promptly respond to all complaints forwarded by BBB by: 
1. Resolving the complaint directly with the complainant and notifying BBB, or

                            2. Providing BBB with a response that BBB determines: 

                                    1. is professional,
                                
2. addresses all of the issues raised by the complainant,
3. includes appropriate evidence and documents supporting the business' position, and

                                    4. explains why any relief sought by the complainant cannot or should not be granted.
                                





                    2. Make a good faith effort to resolve disputes, which includes mediation if requested by BBB. Other dispute resolution options, including arbitration, may be recommended by BBB when other efforts to resolve a dispute have failed. BBB may consider a business' willingness to participate in recommended dispute resolution options in determining compliance with these standards.
                

                    3. Comply with any settlements, agreements or decisions reached as an outcome of a BBB dispute resolution process.
                

                    4. Cooperate with BBB in efforts to eliminate the underlying cause of patterns of customer complaints that are identified by BBB.
                







Safeguard Privacy









            Protect any data collected against mishandling and fraud, collect personal information only as needed, and respect the preferences of customers regarding the use of their information.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Respect Privacy Businesses conducting e-commerce agree to disclose on their Web site the following: 
1. what information they collect,
2. with whom it is shared,
3. how it can be corrected,
4. how it is secured,

                            5. how policy changes will be communicated, and;
                        
6. how to address concerns over misuse of personal data.



                    2. Secure Sensitive Data Businesses that collect sensitive data online (credit card, bank account numbers, Social Security number, salary or other personal financial information, medical history or records, etc.) will ensure that it is transmitted via secure means.Businesses will make best efforts to comply with industry standards for the protection and proper disposal of all sensitive data, both online and offline.
                    
                

                    3. Honor Customer Preferences

                     Businesses agree to respect customer preferences regarding contact by telephone, fax and e-mail, and agree to remedy the underlying cause of any failure to do so.
                







Embody Integrity









            Approach all business dealings, marketplace transactions and commitments with integrity.
            
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to:
            
1. Avoid involvement, by the business or its principles, in activities that reflect unfavorably on, or otherwise adversely affect the public image of BBB or its accredited businesses.












BBB Accreditation Reviews

BBB routinely monitors its files on all Accredited Businesses to affirm that they continue to meet all BBB Accreditation Standards











BBB Accreditation Process


        Not every business is eligible for BBB Accreditation. Businesses must meet, commit to and maintain the
        BBB Code of Business Practices (Accreditation Standards) 
        in order to be eligible for and maintain BBB Accreditation. The BBB Code of Business Practices represents sound advertising, selling and customer
        service practices that enhance customer trust and confidence in business. The Code is built on the BBB Standards for Trust, eight principles that
        summarize important elements of creating and maintaining trust in business.
    

        In order to be eligible for Accreditation a business must complete an Accreditation application.        
    

        Upon receipt of a fully completed BBB Application for Accreditation, BBB staff:        
        
Reviews the application
Researches the business
Verifies the information presented in the application 
May request additional information
May request proof of specific information on the application

        After the review and verification process, BBB will then evaluate if the business meets the
        BBB Code of Business Practices (Accreditation Standards)..
    
    
        Once BBB has finished its evaluation, the application for BBB Accreditation is either approved or denied. If the applicant is found in compliance with the BBB Code of Business Practices it will be presented to the BBB Board of Directors, or a committee of that board, for final approval. If the application is denied, BBB will contact the applicant, indicating the BBB Standard(s) that were not met and any recourse available to the applicant.        
    
















OneMain Financial






            BBB Rating Scorecard
        












 




                OneMain Financial
            
BBB ACCREDITATION SINCE 10/04/2016





 
 Click for BBB Rating on OneMain Financial 









Share




Print






































































×
Claim Your Business


                By claiming your Business Profile, businesses can add custom text or descriptive information about their services, insert company logos, and add photographs for consumers to view.
            

Close










×
AccreditedQuestionModal title


                content
            

Close










×
Customer Rating Modal title


                content
            

Close










×
Score Modal title


                content
            

Close











×
Find a Location







Filter







Close




 





















 










Springleaf Finance Corporation                                                                                           - Farmville                                         , VA         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



VA



Farmville



Personal Credit Institutions



Personal Credit Institutions



                            Springleaf Finance Corporation
                                    



 





















S 


Springleaf Finance Corporation                                                                                          
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



907 S MAIN ST FARMVILLE, VA 23901
Get Directions



(434) 392-3171
www.springleaf.com                                                                                      





Business Info



 Founded --
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue --
 Employee Count 4
 Industries Personal Credit Institutions
 Contacts Teresa Estes                                                                                                            







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message










VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







S

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.



































Springleaf Finance Corporation : Company Profile and SWOT Analysis

















































































ABOUT US
BLOG
CONTACT US
FAQ























USD
EUR
GBP



USD 
▼

USD
EUR
GBP






€
EUR
$
USD
£
GBP







+353-1-416-8900REST OF WORLD



1-800-526-8630U.S. (TOLL FREE)








 




Advanced








Price From: 
€111EUR$125USD£99GBP 
View Pricing






 Home
/






Categories
/






Company Reports











 
SELECT A FORMAT








€111EUR$125USD£99GBP



                                                        Single User
                                                         Electronic (PDF)






                                                                            
                                                                            This is a single user license, allowing one specific user access to the product. The report will be emailed to you.  The report is sent in PDF format. 

                                                










€221EUR$250USD£198GBP



                                                        Site License
                                                         Electronic (PDF)






                                                                            
                                                                            This is a site license, allowing all users within a given geographical location of your organisation access to the product. The report will be emailed to you.  The report is sent in PDF format. 

                                                










€332EUR$375USD£297GBP



                                                        Enterprisewide
                                                         Electronic (PDF)






                                                                            
                                                                            This is an enterprise license, allowing all employees within your organisation access to the product. The report will be emailed to you.  The report is sent in PDF format. 

                                                







  ADD TO BASKET




                                                                        order by fax
                                        

                                            need a quote ?
                                        



 

OUR CLIENTS












HAVE A QUESTION?
EMAIL US
VIEW FAQs



RECENTLY VIEWED PRODUCTS











Partner of Research and MarketsVACCINATING 40,000 CHILDREN IN 2017





WHY CHOOSE RESEARCH AND MARKETS?



WORLD'S LARGEST SELECTION




TRUSTED BY THE BEST




CUSTOMER FOCUSED




SAFE & SECURE







It has been a real pleasure to work with Naomi, Claire and the 'Research & Markets' team. You show high

                         responsiveness, where typically the responsiveness at other places goes down after the sale is concluded. Keep this same service level!
                        
                    



                            READ MORE
                        


Dr Philippe Henderson
Business Manager
Kraton Polymers















Springleaf Finance Corporation : Company Profile and SWOT Analysis



ID: 2617682
Company Profile
June 2015
19 pages

World Market Intelligence                                











DESCRIPTION


TABLE OF CONTENTS


FORMATS







1 of 3











                            LOGIN TO ACCESS EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
                        



                            PRINTER FRIENDLY
                        



                            PRINTABLE PDF BROCHURE
                        

SEND TO A FRIEND






                                                                                    The "Springleaf Finance Corporation : Company Profile and SWOT Analysis" contains in depth information and data about the company and its operations. The profile contains a company overview, key facts, major products and services, SWOT analysis, business description, company history, recent developments, key employees, company locations and subsidiaries as well as employee biographies.Summary:This report is a crucial resource for industry executives and anyone looking to access key information about "Springleaf Finance Corporation"The report utilizes a wide range of primary and secondary sources, which are analyzed and presented in a consistent and easily accessible format. World Market Intelligence strictly follows a standardized research methodology to ensure high levels of data quality and these characteristics guarantee a unique report.Scope:- Examines and identifies key information and issues about "Springleaf Finance Corporation" for business intelligence requirements.- Studies and presents the company's strengths, weaknesses, opportunities (growth potential) and threats (competition). Strategic and operational business information is objectively reported.- The profile also contains information on business operations, company history, major products and services, key employees, and locations and subsidiaries.Reasons To Buy:- Quickly enhance your understanding of "Springleaf Finance Corporation"- Gain insight into the marketplace and a better understanding of internal and external factors which could impact the industry.- Increase business/sales activities by understanding your competitors’ businesses better.- Recognize potential partnerships and suppliers.Key Highlights:Springleaf Finance Corporation (SFC), formerly known as American General Finance Corporation, is a financial services holding company. The company, through its subsidiaries and affiliates, provides a range of credit insurance and consumer finance products and services. Key service offerings of the company include consumer finance, insurance products and services, and acquisition of loan portfolio. The company also offers a wide range of financing solutions for residential real estate. It distributes these products and services through its branches in the US. The company is a subsidiary of Springleaf Finance, Inc (SFI), provider of credit related products in the US. SFC is headquartered in Evansville, Indiana, the US.
                                                                                

 SHOW LESS
                                                                                

 READ MORE
                                                                                



Note: Product cover images may vary from those shown




2 of 3







                            LOGIN TO ACCESS EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
                        



                            PRINTER FRIENDLY
                        



                            PRINTABLE PDF BROCHURE
                        

SEND TO A FRIEND






                                                                    Table of Contents1 Springleaf Finance Corporation - Business Analysis1.1 Springleaf Finance Corporation - Company Overview1.2 Springleaf Finance Corporation - Business Description1.3 Springleaf Finance Corporation - Major Products and Services2 Springleaf Finance Corporation - Recent Developments3 Springleaf Finance Corporation - SWOT Analysis3.1 Springleaf Finance Corporation - SWOT Analysis - Overview3.2 Springleaf Finance Corporation - Strengths3.3 Springleaf Finance Corporation - Weaknesses3.4 Springleaf Finance Corporation - Opportunities3.5 Springleaf Finance Corporation - Threats4 Springleaf Finance Corporation - Company Statement5 Springleaf Finance Corporation - History6 Springleaf Finance Corporation - Key Employees7 Springleaf Finance Corporation - Key Employee Biographies8 Springleaf Finance Corporation - Locations and Subsidiaries8.1 Springleaf Finance Corporation - Head Office8.2 Springleaf Finance Corporation - Other Locations and Subsidiaries9 Appendix9.1 Methodology9.2 DisclaimerList of TablesTable 1: Springleaf Finance Corporation - Major Products and ServicesTable 2: Springleaf Finance Corporation - HistoryTable 3: Springleaf Finance Corporation - Key EmployeesTable 4: Springleaf Finance Corporation - Key Employee BiographiesTable 5: Springleaf Finance Corporation - SubsidiariesTable 6: Springleaf Finance Corporation - Locations
                                                                
Note: Product cover images may vary from those shown




3 of 3





LOADING...







4 of 3






Note: Product cover images may vary from those shown








RELATED PRODUCTS 







Springleaf Holdings Inc


 Company Profile
38 Pages
August 2015






€75EUR$91USD£69GBP







Springleaf Holdings, LLC


 Company Profile
July 2017






€27EUR$31USD£25GBP







Springleaf Funding Trust 2015-A $601.2 Million Notes Assigned Preliminary Ratings Feb 15


 Credit Rating Report
February 2015






€89EUR$100USD£79GBP







Sagicor Financial Corporation (SFI) : Company Profile and SWOT Analysis


 Company Profile
June 2015




FROM


€111EUR$125USD£99GBP







Exelon Corporation - Power Plants and SWOT Analysis, 2015 Update


 SWOT Analysis
May 2015




FROM


€886EUR$1,000USD£791GBP







PPL Corporation - Power Plants and SWOT Analysis, 2015 Update


 SWOT Analysis
May 2015




FROM


€886EUR$1,000USD£791GBP







RCS Capital Corporation : Company Profile and SWOT Analysis


 Company Profile
35 Pages
April 2016
Region: Global




FROM


€111EUR$125USD£99GBP







Duke Energy Corporation - Power Plants and SWOT Analysis, 2015 Update


 SWOT Analysis
May 2015




FROM


€886EUR$1,000USD£791GBP







Dana Holding Corporation (DAN) : Company Profile and SWOT Analysis


 Company Profile
May 2016




FROM


€111EUR$125USD£99GBP







ZTE Corporation - Strategy and SWOT Report


 SWOT Analysis
November 2015




FROM


€155EUR$175USD£138GBP








 close

Springleaf Finance Corporation : Company Profile and SWOT Analysis



 close

ASK A QUESTION

*Required Information
 
Product: Springleaf Finance Corporation : Company Profile and SWOT Analysis


YOUR QUESTION*







YOUR CONTACT DETAILS*

Title
Mr
Mrs
Dr
Miss
Ms
Prof




First Name




Last Name




Email Address




Country
Please Select
------------------------------
United States
United Kingdom
Germany
Canada
Australia
------------------------------
Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica-Casey
Antarctica-Scott
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Ascension Island
Ashmore and Cartier Islands
Atlantic East
Atlantic West
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Brazil
British Virgin Islands
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burma
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Clipperton Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Croatia
Cuba
Curaco 
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Democratic Republic of Congo
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
East Timor
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji Islands
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
Gabon
Gambia
Gaza Strip
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Ivory Coast
Ivory Coast (Cote d'Ivoire)
Jamaica
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kosovo
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte Islands
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Islands
North Korea
Northern Ireland
Northern Marianas
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestine
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Reunion
Romania
Russia
Rwanda
Saint Christopher Nevis
Saint Helena
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome
Saudi Arabia
Scotland
Senegal
Serbia
Serbia and Montenegro
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Sint Maarten
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Tahiti
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican City (Holy See)
Venezuela
Vietnam
Virgin Islands
Wallis And Futuna
West Bank
West Indies
Western Sahara
Yemen
Yugoslavia
Zaire
Zambia
Zimbabwe




Phone Number



+1
+11
+1-242
+1-246
+1-264
+1-268
+1-284
+1-345
+1-441
+1-473
+1-649
+1-664
+1-670
+1-671
+1-684
+1-758
+1-767
+1-784
+1-787
+1-809
+1-868
+1-869
+1-876
+20
+212
+213
+216
+218
+220
+221
+222
+224
+225
+226
+227
+228
+229
+23
+230
+231
+232
+233
+234
+235
+236
+237
+238
+239
+240
+241
+242
+243
+244
+245
+247
+248
+249
+250
+251
+252
+253
+254
+255
+256
+257
+258
+260
+261
+263
+264
+265
+266
+267
+268
+269
+27
+284
+290
+291
+297
+298
+299
+30
+31
+32
+33
+34
+350
+351
+352
+353
+354
+355
+356
+357
+358
+359
+36
+370
+371
+372
+373
+374
+375
+376
+377
+378
+379
+380
+381
+382
+385
+386
+387
+389
+39
+40
+41
+420
+421
+423
+43
+44
+45
+46
+47
+48
+49
+500
+501
+502
+503
+504
+505
+506
+507
+509
+51
+52
+53
+54
+55
+56
+57
+58
+590
+591
+592
+593
+594
+595
+596
+597
+598
+599
+60
+61
+6101
+62
+63
+64
+65
+66
+670
+672
+673
+674
+675
+677
+678
+679
+680
+681
+682
+683
+685
+686
+687
+688
+689
+691
+692
+7
+81
+82
+84
+850
+852
+853
+855
+856
+86
+869
+871
+874
+880
+886
+90
+91
+92
+93
+94
+95
+960
+961
+962
+963
+964
+965
+966
+967
+968
+970
+971
+972
+973
+974
+975
+976
+977
+98
+992
+993
+994
+995
+996
+998












We request your telephone number so we can contact you in the event we have difficulty reaching you via email.
                    We aim to respond to all questions on the same business day.





 



 close

SEND TO A FRIEND

* Required Information
 FRIEND'S DETAILS

Full Name*




Email Address*




Message to friend




YOUR CONTACT DETAILS

Full Name*




Email Address*













 


 close

Request a Quote

 
Please complete the below form and click "send request" to obtain a pdf quotation and order form.
This document will be available for immediate download and will also be emailed to you.
            
* Required Information


YOUR ADDRESS

Address 1*




Address 2




Address 3




City*




Postal/ZIP Code




Country*
Please Select
------------------------------
United States
United Kingdom
Germany
Canada
Australia
------------------------------
Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica-Casey
Antarctica-Scott
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Ascension Island
Ashmore and Cartier Islands
Atlantic East
Atlantic West
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Brazil
British Virgin Islands
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burma
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Clipperton Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Croatia
Cuba
Curaco 
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Democratic Republic of Congo
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
East Timor
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji Islands
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
Gabon
Gambia
Gaza Strip
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Ivory Coast
Ivory Coast (Cote d'Ivoire)
Jamaica
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kosovo
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte Islands
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Islands
North Korea
Northern Ireland
Northern Marianas
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestine
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Reunion
Romania
Russia
Rwanda
Saint Christopher Nevis
Saint Helena
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome
Saudi Arabia
Scotland
Senegal
Serbia
Serbia and Montenegro
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Sint Maarten
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Tahiti
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican City (Holy See)
Venezuela
Vietnam
Virgin Islands
Wallis And Futuna
West Bank
West Indies
Western Sahara
Yemen
Yugoslavia
Zaire
Zambia
Zimbabwe




State





YOUR DETAILS

Title*
Mr
Mrs
Dr
Miss
Ms
Prof




First Name*




Last Name*




Organisation*




Email Address*




Phone Number*



+1
+11
+1-242
+1-246
+1-264
+1-268
+1-284
+1-345
+1-441
+1-473
+1-649
+1-664
+1-670
+1-671
+1-684
+1-758
+1-767
+1-784
+1-787
+1-809
+1-868
+1-869
+1-876
+20
+212
+213
+216
+218
+220
+221
+222
+224
+225
+226
+227
+228
+229
+23
+230
+231
+232
+233
+234
+235
+236
+237
+238
+239
+240
+241
+242
+243
+244
+245
+247
+248
+249
+250
+251
+252
+253
+254
+255
+256
+257
+258
+260
+261
+263
+264
+265
+266
+267
+268
+269
+27
+284
+290
+291
+297
+298
+299
+30
+31
+32
+33
+34
+350
+351
+352
+353
+354
+355
+356
+357
+358
+359
+36
+370
+371
+372
+373
+374
+375
+376
+377
+378
+379
+380
+381
+382
+385
+386
+387
+389
+39
+40
+41
+420
+421
+423
+43
+44
+45
+46
+47
+48
+49
+500
+501
+502
+503
+504
+505
+506
+507
+509
+51
+52
+53
+54
+55
+56
+57
+58
+590
+591
+592
+593
+594
+595
+596
+597
+598
+599
+60
+61
+6101
+62
+63
+64
+65
+66
+670
+672
+673
+674
+675
+677
+678
+679
+680
+681
+682
+683
+685
+686
+687
+688
+689
+691
+692
+7
+81
+82
+84
+850
+852
+853
+855
+856
+86
+869
+871
+874
+880
+886
+90
+91
+92
+93
+94
+95
+960
+961
+962
+963
+964
+965
+966
+967
+968
+970
+971
+972
+973
+974
+975
+976
+977
+98
+992
+993
+994
+995
+996
+998











                                PO Number
                                (if applicable)







PRODUCT FORMAT




License
Format
Properties
Price




 
SINGLE USER Electronic (PDF)                                                



                                            The report will be emailed to you.  The report is sent in PDF format. 
                                        

                                            This is a single user license, allowing one specific user access to the product.
                                        

€111EUR$125USD£99GBP





 
SITE LICENSE Electronic (PDF)                                                



                                            The report will be emailed to you.  The report is sent in PDF format. 
                                        

                                            This is a site license, allowing all users within a given geographical location of your organisation access to the product.
                                        

€221EUR$250USD£198GBP





 
ENTERPRISEWIDE Electronic (PDF)                                                



                                            The report will be emailed to you.  The report is sent in PDF format. 
                                        

                                            This is an enterprise license, allowing all employees within your organisation access to the product.
                                        

€332EUR$375USD£297GBP







* The price quoted above is only valid for 30 days. Please submit your order within that time frame to avail of this price as all prices are subject to change.





 
























Springleaf Finance Corporation Report Card - BankRank.org


























Toggle navigation






BankRank.org




Home


Banks



All Banks
1st - JPMorgan Chase2nd - Bank of America3rd - Wells Fargo4th - Citibank5th - U.S. Bancorp6th - PNC Bank7th - Capital One8th - TD Bank9th - SunTrust Bank10th - BB&T Financial 


Products 

MortgagesDebt CollectionCredit ReportingCredit CardsBank Account ServicesConsumer LoansStudent LoansPayday LoansMoney TransfersPrepaid CardsOther Financial Services 



About
Contact


















BankRank.org
»

Banks
Springleaf Finance Corporation


Springleaf Finance Corporation












Banks
All Banks
JPMorgan ChaseBank of AmericaWells FargoCitibankU.S. BancorpPNC BankCapital OneTD BankSunTrust BankBB&T Financial   
Products
MortgagesDebt CollectionCredit ReportingCredit CardsBank Account ServicesConsumer LoansStudent LoansPayday LoansMoney TransfersPrepaid CardsOther Financial Services
  



Date Source:
Consumer Financial Protection Bureau | ConsumerFinance.gov






BankRank.org


Knowledge is Power









Report Card




B-
Overall Grade


B
Mortgages Grade


C+
Debt Collection Grade


C+
Credit Cards Grade












Springleaf Finance Corporation is rated overall in the top 50
percentile (out of 100)
based on 377 customer complaints.


Statistics







Complaints Currently In-Progress13

Complaints per $100K of Deposits—

Complaints Resolved in a Timely Manner100%

Resolutions Disputed by Customer21.2%

Average Time Until Resolution20 days

 Financial Report







Owner CorporationNot Listed

EstablishedNot Listed

FDIC InsuredNot Insured 

FDIC Certificate #—

Number of BranchesUnknown

Total AssetsUnknown

Total DepositsUnknown

Total EquityUnknown

Quartarly Net IncomeUnknown

 




Contact Information
Corporate HeadquartersNot ListedWebsiteNot Listed 





Previous Bank




Random Bank





Next Bank













Data Summary




Grade Summary
Overall, Springleaf Finance Corporation received a grade of "B-" based on how quickly the company responded to complaints, how often customers disputed their final resolution, and how many
complaints were recieved per customer. 

Grades are also broken down by the financial products offered be each institution. Springleaf Finance Corporation is rated "B" in Mortgages, "C+" in Debt Collection, "C+" in Credit Cards, and "B-" in Bank Account Services. Click on any of the financial products to see how Springleaf Finance Corporation compares. 
Overview

Springleaf Finance Corporation has received 377 consumer complaints
since January, 2012 – more than 96% of other banks.

Of those complaints, 100% of complaints were resolved in a timely manner.
The CFPB allows 60 days to resolve complaints before considering them 'untimely.'
Springleaf Finance Corporation meets the 60-day response deadline more frequently than 65.4% of other banks.
After companies respond to complaints, customers may dispute the response indicating that the issue was not
resolved adequately.
21.2% of customers dispute Springleaf Finance Corporation's response to complaints —
worse than 63.2% of other companies.

Most of Springleaf Finance Corporation's customers complain about consumer loans with the primary
issue being "managing the loan or lease."

















Complaints by Product









Complaints by State













Complaints Against Springleaf Finance Corporation





#Financial ProductSub-ProductComplaint IssueComplaint Count



1Consumer loanInstallment loanManaging the loan or lease49

2MortgageOther mortgageLoan modification,collection,foreclosure28

3Consumer loanInstallment loanProblems when you are unable to pay24

4MortgageHome equity loan or line of creditLoan servicing, payments, escrow account22

5MortgageOther mortgageLoan servicing, payments, escrow account21

6Consumer loanInstallment loanTaking out the loan or lease20

7Consumer loanPersonal line of creditAccount terms and changes16

8Consumer loanPersonal line of creditManaging the line of credit15

9Consumer loanInstallment loanShopping for a loan or lease13

10MortgageConventional fixed mortgageLoan servicing, payments, escrow account13

 







Responses From Springleaf Finance Corporation





#Company ResponseResponse CountTimely Response CountDisputed Count



1Closed with explanation388388 (100%)89 (22.9%)

2Closed with monetary relief3636 (100%)5 (13.9%)

3In progress3535 (100%)0 (0%)

4Closed with non-monetary relief44 (100%)0 (0%)

5Closed33 (100%)0 (0%)

6Closed with relief22 (100%)1 (50%)

 







Complaints over the Past Year











Chart Explanation: 
In June 2015, Springleaf Finance Corporation received 18 complaints.
In 0% of cases the final resolution was disputed by the customer who made the complaint.
100% of complaints were resolved within 60 days of being filed.











email









facebook









twitter














google+








Back to BankRank.org/Banks



Top of Page






Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. 



Previous Bank


Next Bank







Back to BankRank.org/Banks



Top of Page


















Online Payment - OneMain Financial
JavaScript is not enabled on your browser. Please enable JavaScript or try another browser to log in.Make a PaymentPayments can be made using your checking account, savings account, or with your debit card. Quick. Easy. Convenient.Log in to make a paymentRemember my usernameLog InForgot Username or Password? Sign up to pay onlineView billing statementsSave up to five bank accountsSet up recurring paymentsSignup for paperless billingEarn reward pointsCreate an online accountContinue to make a payment without logging in to an accountOther convenient payment options Automatically with recurring paymentsNever worry about missing a payment - no fees, no hassles. Learn morePay by phoneRefer to your billing statement for the pay by phone number.Pay by mailRefer to your billing statement for the pay by mail address.Pay in person at any branchCity and state or zipComplete Branch ListAt any Walmart®* service deskTake your loan account number to the service desk to make a CheckFree payment.Download the OneMain mobile app FacebookTwitterGoogle PlusInstagramYouTubeLinkedInVisit our other brand:Copyright © 1996-2017, All rights reserved. You have been redirected to the OneMain Financial website, which is governed by a separate Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Please review the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy after entering the website.  OKGo Back ×CloseYou are leaving OneMainFinancial.comYou are about to leave the OneMain Financial website. By pressing “Open Site in New Window,” you will enter a third party’s website, which is regulated by a separate Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Please review this third party’s Terms of Use and Privacy Policy upon entering their website.Open Site in New WindowCA: OneMain Financial Group, LLC and OneMain Financial Services, Inc. and OneMain Consumer Loan, Inc. – Loans made or arranged pursuant to Department of Business Oversight California Finance Lenders License. NH: OneMain Financial Group, LLC - NMLS # 1339418 and OneMain Consumer Loan, Inc. - NMLS # 937358. PA: OneMain Financial Group, LLC and OneMain Financial of Pennsylvania, Inc. and OneMain Consumer Loan, Inc. – Licensed by the Pennsylvania Department of Banking and Securities. RI: OneMain Consumer Loan, Inc., Rhode Island Licensed Lender and Licensed Small Loan Lender. For residents of the State of Washington only: OneMain Financial Group, LLC - Consumer Loan Company License - NMLS # 1339418, OneMain Financial of Washington, Inc. - Consumer Loan Company License - NMLS # 36167, OneMain Consumer Loan, Inc. - Consumer Loan Company License - NMLS # 937358 and OneMain Financial Services, Inc. - Consumer Loan Company License - NMLS # 1056. Click here for the NMLS Consumer Access Database.Pre-Qualified letter Offer code number to apply - OneMain Financial
JavaScript is not enabled on your browser. Please enable JavaScript or try another browser to log in.Respond to Your Offer TodayPlease enter the information below to get started.Mailed Offer InformationOffer NumberLast 4 digits of Social Security NumberXXX - XX -  Look up my offerHaven’t received a loan offer or don’t have your offer number available?Your privacy is important to us. See our privacy policy. JavaScript is not enabled on your browser. Please enable JavaScript or try another browser to log in.Copyright © 1996-2017, All rights reserved. You have been redirected to the OneMain Financial website, which is governed by a separate Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Please review the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy after entering the website.  OKGo Back ×CloseYou are leaving OneMainFinancial.comYou are about to leave the OneMain Financial website. By pressing “Open Site in New Window,” you will enter a third party’s website, which is regulated by a separate Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Please review this third party’s Terms of Use and Privacy Policy upon entering their website.Open Site in New WindowLoan approval and actual loan terms depend on your ability to meet our standard credit criteria (including credit history, income and debts) and the availability of collateral. Loan amount is also subject to state specific maximum or minimum size restrictions. APR’s are generally higher for loans not secured by a vehicle.Some vehicles may not be used as collateral, including those used commercially or with branded titles (such as salvage). Additional loan size limits may apply to loans secured by discontinued vehicle models. We may refuse your collateral if it does not meet our criteria.Active duty military, their spouse or dependents covered by the Military Lending Act may not pledge any vehicle as collateral.CA: OneMain Financial Group, LLC and OneMain Financial Services, Inc. and OneMain Consumer Loan, Inc. – Loans made or arranged pursuant to Department of Business Oversight California Finance Lenders License. NH: OneMain Financial Group, LLC - NMLS # 1339418 and OneMain Consumer Loan, Inc. - NMLS # 937358. PA: OneMain Financial Group, LLC and OneMain Financial of Pennsylvania, Inc. and OneMain Consumer Loan, Inc. – Licensed by the Pennsylvania Department of Banking and Securities. RI: OneMain Consumer Loan, Inc., Rhode Island Licensed Lender and Licensed Small Loan Lender. For residents of the State of Washington only: OneMain Financial Group, LLC - Consumer Loan Company License - NMLS # 1339418, OneMain Financial of Washington, Inc. - Consumer Loan Company License - NMLS # 36167, OneMain Consumer Loan, Inc. - Consumer Loan Company License - NMLS # 937358 and OneMain Financial Services, Inc. - Consumer Loan Company License - NMLS # 1056. Click here for the NMLS Consumer Access Database.About Us - OneMain Financial
About UsFor over 100 years, we’ve been helping hard-working people tackle life’s challenges by providing the help you need when you need it.  Our loan experts are from your community, understand your unique situation, and will treat you with honesty, dignity, and respect.  Our goal is to deliver the best customer experience and empower you to take control of your finances.Jay Levine,President and CEOCustomer Commitment and Borrower’s Bill of RightsWe are committed to responsible lending, enriching our customers’ experience, and overall transparency. While these principles have long been a part of the OneMain culture, the   Customer Commitment and Borrower’s Bill of Rights establish a guiding compass for all interactions with those who do business with OneMain. Committed to Supporting Our CommunitiesWith roots in local communities that date back more than 100 years,  we are committed to the neighborhoods where we live and work. Our commitment starts with our team members who volunteer their time and contribute to a variety of causes that make a difference across the country. We focus our efforts on engaging our employees in their communities, charitable giving and financial education. We provide personal and auto loans from $1,500 to $25,000†10millioncustomersWe’ve extended over $120 billion in loans to over 10 million customers.Our customers use our loans for debt consolidation, household bills, home improvements, car purchases, and other major purchases.We do our best to help customers obtain the right loan for their unique situations.5 out of 6 Americans live within 25 miles of a branch100yearsin businessWe believe in giving back. Our team members give back to their communities by donating time and money to local charities.On average, our branch managers have over 13 years of experience expertly serving your needs.We strive to provide an outstanding customer experience at all times, whether it be through your local branch, our website, or our call centers.4 out of 5 OneMain customers are satisfied to extremely satisfied with the loan obtained from OneMain.**Based on 4th Quarter 2016 One Main New Customer Satisfaction SurveyWhen my family had exhausted all of our resources, OneMain Financial got us through our storm ... when we thought all hope was lost. Thank you.  ** Alexis W. Texas OneMain Financial helped my love and I with our wedding after reuniting 20 some odd years later after high school. It was like love at first sight.  ** Faviola C. Texas ** These customer testimonials reflect individuals’ personal experiences, so you may not have the same results. Want to know more? Talk to us.If you'd like to know more about the loans we offer, what you need to qualify or how to complete your application, call us toll-free at  855-877-6246 or stop by your local branch and talk to a loan specialist. Investor RelationsWe are committed to providing useful information to our investors. Find investor information, including press releases, presentations, and other resources. Careers at OneMainWe are embarking on our most aggressive growth initiative in our history, creating excellent opportunities for professionals who are as flexible, forward-thinking, and as committed to growth as we are.  Search our job openings. Our History:Lending made personalOneMain provides loans and other credit-related products to more than 10 million customers in 44 states. For more than 100 years, we’ve provided the personal lending products our customers need when they need them.2015 - Springleaf Holdings, Inc. changes its name to OneMain Holdings, Inc. with the new ticker symbol “OMF” following its acquisition of OneMain Financial 2013 - Springleaf Holdings, Inc. completes its Initial Public Offering and is listed on the NYSE under the symbol “LEAF” 2011 - CitiFinancial changes its name to OneMain Financial 2011 - American General changes its name to Springleaf Financial Services 2010 - American General is acquired by Fortress Investment Group 2001 - American General Corporation is acquired by American International Group (AIG) 1999 – Commercial Credit changes its name to CitiFinancial 1998 – Commercial Credit’s parent company, Travelers Group, merges with Citicorp 1987 – Commercial Credit goes public – the third 1983 - Acquired General Finance with 350 branches in 16 states 1982 – CrediThrift is acquired by American General Corporation 1963 – Interstate begins the use of new operating names for its branch offices: CrediThrift of America and CreditWay of America 1934 – Commercial Credit expands to offer home improvement loans, backed by the National Housing Act 1930 - Interstate opens its first branch in Washington, Indiana 1921 – Commercial Credit opens its first branch in San Francisco 1920 – Interstate Finance Corporation is founded in Evansville, Indiana, to underwrite sales of Inland Motor Truck vehicles 1912 – Commerical Credit is founded in Baltimore, Maryland, to provide working capital to manufacturers and building contractors FacebookTwitterGoogle PlusInstagramYouTubeLinkedInVisit our other brand:Copyright © 1996-2017, All rights reserved. You have been redirected to the OneMain Financial website, which is governed by a separate Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Please review the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy after entering the website.  OKGo Back ×CloseYou are leaving OneMainFinancial.comYou are about to leave the OneMain Financial website. By pressing “Open Site in New Window,” you will enter a third party’s website, which is regulated by a separate Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Please review this third party’s Terms of Use and Privacy Policy upon entering their website.Open Site in New Window†Loan approval and actual loan terms depend on your ability to meet our standard credit criteria (including credit history, income and debts) and the availability of collateral. Loan amount is also subject to state specific maximum or minimum size restrictions. APR’s are generally higher for loans not secured by a vehicle. Maximum APR is 35.99%, subject to state restrictions. Some vehicles may not be used as collateral, including those used commercially or with branded titles (such as salvage). Additional loan size limits may apply to loans secured by discontinued vehicle models. We may refuse your collateral offered if it does not meet our criteria.Active duty military, their spouse or dependents covered by the Military Lending Act (“MLA”) may not pledge any vehicle as collateral.CA: OneMain Financial Group, LLC and OneMain Financial Services, Inc. and OneMain Consumer Loan, Inc. – Loans made or arranged pursuant to Department of Business Oversight California Finance Lenders License. NH: OneMain Financial Group, LLC - NMLS # 1339418 and OneMain Consumer Loan, Inc. - NMLS # 937358. PA: OneMain Financial Group, LLC and OneMain Financial of Pennsylvania, Inc. and OneMain Consumer Loan, Inc. – Licensed by the Pennsylvania Department of Banking and Securities. RI: OneMain Consumer Loan, Inc., Rhode Island Licensed Lender and Licensed Small Loan Lender. For residents of the State of Washington only: OneMain Financial Group, LLC - Consumer Loan Company License - NMLS # 1339418, OneMain Financial of Washington, Inc. - Consumer Loan Company License - NMLS # 36167, OneMain Consumer Loan, Inc. - Consumer Loan Company License - NMLS # 937358 and OneMain Financial Services, Inc. - Consumer Loan Company License - NMLS # 1056. Click here for the NMLS Consumer Access Database.Online Application - Personal Loans - OneMain Financial
JavaScript is not enabled on your browser. Please enable JavaScript or try another browser to log in.Apply for a loanPlease provide your information below to complete application.Loan InformationWhat is your desired loan amount?What is the purpose of the loan?Select...Bill Consolidation
Furniture/Appliance
Auto Repair/Purchase
Medical Expenses
Vacation Expenses
OtherOneMain loan proceeds cannot be used for postsecondary educational expenses, such as college, university, or vocational expenses; for any business or commercial purpose; to purchase securities; or for gambling or illegal activities.I will be applying for this loan:I will be applying for this loan:IndividuallyWith a Co-applicantReceived mail?Respond to the loan offer you received in the mail from OneMain.Look up my offerPersonal InformationName:Middle Initial:Last Name:Email:Don’t have an email address? Please visit your nearest branch to fill out your application.Address:Address Line 2:City:State:StateAL
AK
AZ
AR
CA
CO
CT
DE
DC
FL
GA
HI
IA
ID
IL
IN
KS
KY
LA
MA
MD
ME
MI
MN
MO
MS
MT
NE
NC
ND
NH
NJ
NM
NV
NY
OH
OK
OR
PA
RI
SC
SD
TN
TX
UT
VA
VT
WA
WI
WV
WYZipcode:Move-in Date:
Month
January
February
March
April
May
June
July
August
September
October
November
December

Move In Year:
Year
2017
2016
2015
2014
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
2007
2006
2005
2004
2003
2002
2001
2000
1999
1998
1997
1996
1995
1994
1993
1992
1991
1990
1989
1988
1987
1986
1985
1984
1983
1982
1981
1980
1979
1978
1977
1976
1975
1974
1973
1972
1971
1970
1969
1968
1967
1966
1965
1964
1963
1962
1961
1960
1959
1958
1957
1956
1955
1954
1953
1952
1951
1950
1949
1948
1947
1946
1945
1944
1943
1942
1941
1940
1939
1938
1937
1936
1935
1934
1933
1932
1931
1930
1929
1928
1927
1926
1925
1924
1923
1922
1921
1920
1919
1918

Previous Address:Previous Address Line 2:Previous Address City:Previous Address State:StateAL
AK
AZ
AR
CA
CO
CT
DE
DC
FL
GA
HI
IA
ID
IL
IN
KS
KY
LA
MA
MD
ME
MI
MN
MO
MS
MT
NE
NC
ND
NH
NJ
NM
NV
NY
OH
OK
OR
PA
RI
SC
SD
TN
TX
UT
VA
VT
WA
WI
WV
WYPrevious Address Zipcode:Move-in Date:
Month
January
February
March
April
May
June
July
August
September
October
November
December

Move In Year:
Year
2017
2016
2015
2014
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
2007
2006
2005
2004
2003
2002
2001
2000
1999
1998
1997
1996
1995
1994
1993
1992
1991
1990
1989
1988
1987
1986
1985
1984
1983
1982
1981
1980
1979
1978
1977
1976
1975
1974
1973
1972
1971
1970
1969
1968
1967
1966
1965
1964
1963
1962
1961
1960
1959
1958
1957
1956
1955
1954
1953
1952
1951
1950
1949
1948
1947
1946
1945
1944
1943
1942
1941
1940
1939
1938
1937
1936
1935
1934
1933
1932
1931
1930
1929
1928
1927
1926
1925
1924
1923
1922
1921
1920
1919
1918

I have a separate mailing address.Mailing Address:Mailing Address Line 2:Mailing Address City:Mailing Address State:StateAL
AK
AZ
AR
CA
CO
CT
DE
DC
FL
GA
HI
IA
ID
IL
IN
KS
KY
LA
MA
MD
ME
MI
MN
MO
MS
MT
NE
NC
ND
NH
NJ
NM
NV
NY
OH
OK
OR
PA
RI
SC
SD
TN
TX
UT
VA
VT
WA
WI
WV
WYMailing Address Zipcode:Contact Phone Number:Primary Phone Number:Primary Phone Type:TypeHome
Mobile
OtherSecondary Phone Number:Secondary Phone Type:TypeHome
Mobile
OtherBy providing my mobile and/or home number, including a number that I later convert to a mobile number, I consent to receive calls, text messages, and pre-recorded messages (including by auto-dialers) by or on behalf of OneMain regarding the processing of my loan application and, if approved, for other transactional purposes, such as the collection and servicing of my account. I understand my consent for non-marketing calls and messages applies to each phone number that I voluntarily provide to OneMain now or in the future or obtained by OneMain through other lawful means.Date of Birth:Date of Birth Month:
Month
January
February
March
April
May
June
July
August
September
October
November
December

Date of Birth Day:
Day
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31

Date of Birth Year:
Year
2017
2016
2015
2014
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
2007
2006
2005
2004
2003
2002
2001
2000
1999
1998
1997
1996
1995
1994
1993
1992
1991
1990
1989
1988
1987
1986
1985
1984
1983
1982
1981
1980
1979
1978
1977
1976
1975
1974
1973
1972
1971
1970
1969
1968
1967
1966
1965
1964
1963
1962
1961
1960
1959
1958
1957
1956
1955
1954
1953
1952
1951
1950
1949
1948
1947
1946
1945
1944
1943
1942
1941
1940
1939
1938
1937
1936
1935
1934
1933
1932
1931
1930
1929
1928
1927
1926
1925
1924
1923
1922
1921
1920
1919
1918

Social Security Number:Employment & Financial InformationAre you retired?Are you Retired?NoYesCurrent Employer:  I am self employedCurrent Employment Month:
Month Hired
January
February
March
April
May
June
July
August
September
October
November
December

Current Employment Year:
Year Hired
2017
2016
2015
2014
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
2007
2006
2005
2004
2003
2002
2001
2000
1999
1998
1997
1996
1995
1994
1993
1992
1991
1990
1989
1988
1987
1986
1985
1984
1983
1982
1981
1980
1979
1978
1977
1976
1975
1974
1973
1972
1971
1970
1969
1968
1967
1966
1965
1964
1963
1962
1961
1960
1959
1958
1957
1956
1955
1954
1953
1952
1951
1950
1949
1948
1947
1946
1945
1944
1943
1942
1941
1940
1939
1938
1937
1936
1935
1934
1933
1932
1931
1930
1929
1928
1927
1926
1925
1924
1923
1922
1921
1920
1919
1918

Monthly Net Income:Did you enter your yearly income instead of monthly income? Please verify before continuing the application.Monthly Net Income is your income each month after taxes and deductions, which may include your monthly salary, Social Security, pension or other sources of income. You do not need to include alimony, child support, or separate maintenance income unless you want to have it considered as a basis for repaying this loan.Were you previously retired?Were you previously retired?NoYesPrevious Employer:  I was self employedPrevious Employment Month:
Month Hired
January
February
March
April
May
June
July
August
September
October
November
December

Previous Employment Year:
Year Hired
2017
2016
2015
2014
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
2007
2006
2005
2004
2003
2002
2001
2000
1999
1998
1997
1996
1995
1994
1993
1992
1991
1990
1989
1988
1987
1986
1985
1984
1983
1982
1981
1980
1979
1978
1977
1976
1975
1974
1973
1972
1971
1970
1969
1968
1967
1966
1965
1964
1963
1962
1961
1960
1959
1958
1957
1956
1955
1954
1953
1952
1951
1950
1949
1948
1947
1946
1945
1944
1943
1942
1941
1940
1939
1938
1937
1936
1935
1934
1933
1932
1931
1930
1929
1928
1927
1926
1925
1924
1923
1922
1921
1920
1919
1918

Do you own property?Do you own property?NoYesIf you own property, or are paying a mortgage on one, select Yes. Property includes a primary residence, second home, rental property, or vacant lot. Do you have a checking and/or savings account?Select...Checking
Savings
Both
NoneCo-applicant Personal InformationCo-applicant Name:Co-applicantMiddle Initial:Co-applicant Last Name:Current Address:Address Line 2:City:State:StateAL
AK
AZ
AR
CA
CO
CT
DE
DC
FL
GA
HI
IA
ID
IL
IN
KS
KY
LA
MA
MD
ME
MI
MN
MO
MS
MT
NE
NC
ND
NH
NJ
NM
NV
NY
OH
OK
OR
PA
RI
SC
SD
TN
TX
UT
VA
VT
WA
WI
WV
WYZipcode:Move-in Date:
Month
January
February
March
April
May
June
July
August
September
October
November
December

Move In Year:
Year
2017
2016
2015
2014
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
2007
2006
2005
2004
2003
2002
2001
2000
1999
1998
1997
1996
1995
1994
1993
1992
1991
1990
1989
1988
1987
1986
1985
1984
1983
1982
1981
1980
1979
1978
1977
1976
1975
1974
1973
1972
1971
1970
1969
1968
1967
1966
1965
1964
1963
1962
1961
1960
1959
1958
1957
1956
1955
1954
1953
1952
1951
1950
1949
1948
1947
1946
1945
1944
1943
1942
1941
1940
1939
1938
1937
1936
1935
1934
1933
1932
1931
1930
1929
1928
1927
1926
1925
1924
1923
1922
1921
1920
1919
1918

Previous Address:Previous Address Line 2:Previous Address City:Previous Address State:StateAL
AK
AZ
AR
CA
CO
CT
DE
DC
FL
GA
HI
IA
ID
IL
IN
KS
KY
LA
MA
MD
ME
MI
MN
MO
MS
MT
NE
NC
ND
NH
NJ
NM
NV
NY
OH
OK
OR
PA
RI
SC
SD
TN
TX
UT
VA
VT
WA
WI
WV
WYPrevious Address Zipcode:Move-in Date:
Month
January
February
March
April
May
June
July
August
September
October
November
December

Move In Year:
Year
2017
2016
2015
2014
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
2007
2006
2005
2004
2003
2002
2001
2000
1999
1998
1997
1996
1995
1994
1993
1992
1991
1990
1989
1988
1987
1986
1985
1984
1983
1982
1981
1980
1979
1978
1977
1976
1975
1974
1973
1972
1971
1970
1969
1968
1967
1966
1965
1964
1963
1962
1961
1960
1959
1958
1957
1956
1955
1954
1953
1952
1951
1950
1949
1948
1947
1946
1945
1944
1943
1942
1941
1940
1939
1938
1937
1936
1935
1934
1933
1932
1931
1930
1929
1928
1927
1926
1925
1924
1923
1922
1921
1920
1919
1918

Contact Phone Number:Primary Phone Number:Primary Phone Type:TypeHome
Mobile
OtherSecondary Phone Number:Secondary Phone Type:TypeHome
Mobile
OtherBy providing my mobile and/or home number, including a number that I later convert to a mobile number, I consent to receive calls, text messages, and pre-recorded messages (including by auto-dialers) by or on behalf of OneMain regarding the processing of my loan application and, if approved, for other transactional purposes, such as the collection and servicing of my account. I understand my consent for non-marketing calls and messages applies to each phone number that I voluntarily provide to OneMain now or in the future or obtained by OneMain through other lawful means.Date of Birth:Date of Birth Month:
Month
January
February
March
April
May
June
July
August
September
October
November
December

Date of Birth Day:
Day
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31

Date of Birth Year:
Year
2017
2016
2015
2014
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
2007
2006
2005
2004
2003
2002
2001
2000
1999
1998
1997
1996
1995
1994
1993
1992
1991
1990
1989
1988
1987
1986
1985
1984
1983
1982
1981
1980
1979
1978
1977
1976
1975
1974
1973
1972
1971
1970
1969
1968
1967
1966
1965
1964
1963
1962
1961
1960
1959
1958
1957
1956
1955
1954
1953
1952
1951
1950
1949
1948
1947
1946
1945
1944
1943
1942
1941
1940
1939
1938
1937
1936
1935
1934
1933
1932
1931
1930
1929
1928
1927
1926
1925
1924
1923
1922
1921
1920
1919
1918

Social Security Number:Co-applicant Employment and Financial InformationAre you retired?Are you Retired?NoYesCurrent Employer:  I am self employedCurrent Employment Month:
Hire Month
January
February
March
April
May
June
July
August
September
October
November
December

Current Employment Year:
Hire Year
2017
2016
2015
2014
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
2007
2006
2005
2004
2003
2002
2001
2000
1999
1998
1997
1996
1995
1994
1993
1992
1991
1990
1989
1988
1987
1986
1985
1984
1983
1982
1981
1980
1979
1978
1977
1976
1975
1974
1973
1972
1971
1970
1969
1968
1967
1966
1965
1964
1963
1962
1961
1960
1959
1958
1957
1956
1955
1954
1953
1952
1951
1950
1949
1948
1947
1946
1945
1944
1943
1942
1941
1940
1939
1938
1937
1936
1935
1934
1933
1932
1931
1930
1929
1928
1927
1926
1925
1924
1923
1922
1921
1920
1919
1918

Monthly Net Income:Did you enter your yearly income instead of monthly income? Please verify before continuing the application.You do not need to include alimony, child support, or separate maintenance income unless you want to have it considered as a basis for repaying this loan.By providing my mobile and/or home number and checking this box, I consent to receive calls, text messages and pre-recorded messages via automated technology, including via auto-dialers, by or on behalf of OneMain, regarding its products and services, including promotions. We may send you up to 5 text messages per week. SMS Terms of UseYour consent is not a condition of lending, and will not affect whether OneMain makes a loan to you. Please note that if you later opt-out of receiving marketing calls/texts, we still reserve the right to send you communications relating to your account, such as administrative, collection and service announcements. I have reviewed and agree to the terms of the  Electronic Consent Agreement. I confirm that I have the necessary hardware and software to receive and access electronic records, including the ability to access PDF files, and an active email address. (Required to proceed) I have reviewed and agree to the  Terms for using the website and have reviewed and acknowledge receipt of the  Privacy Notice and Privacy Policy. (Required to proceed) Delaware residents: I have reviewed and agree to the Delaware Itemized Schedule of Charges. (Required to Proceed) Submit ApplicationYour privacy is important to us. See our privacy policy. If you submit an application, OneMain will obtain your credit report.Important Notice if you have an open loan with one of our affiliates. State lending laws may restrict an affiliated lender’s ability to make more than one loan to the same borrower, may limit the total amount that can be loaned to the same borrower at one time, may require us to pay off existing loans in order to provide you with a new loan, or may prevent us from offering you the full loan amount you request.* Applicant or Co-Applicant information should be completed as applicable. Co-Applicant information must also be provided when the income or the assets of a person other than the "Applicant" (including the Applicant's spouse) will be used as a basis for loan qualification or the income or assets of the Applicant's spouse will not be used as a basis for loan qualification, but his or her liabilities must be considered because the Applicant resides in a community property state, the security property is located in a community property state, or the Applicant is relying on other property located in a community property state as a basis for repayment of this loan.Married persons may apply for credit as an individual. If this is an application for an individual account and you are relying on your own income or assets (except community property states, your separate income or assets) and not the income or assets of another person (or community property) for repayment of the credit requested, questions relative to marital status and to income resources and assets of the spouse's need not be answered. However, only the applicant's resources will be evaluated in determining creditworthiness.By submitting this application, you authorize OneMain Financial to make whatever credit inquiries that it deems necessary in connection with this credit application or in the course of review, collection, refinancing or consolidation of any credit extended in reliance on this application. You authorize and instruct any person or consumer reporting agency to compile and furnish to OneMain Financial any and all information related to your creditworthiness or your transactions and experiences. Such information and any information provided by you in this application shall remain OneMain Financial's property whether or not credit is extended.OneMain Financial (or whichever of its affiliates may be considering an extension of credit pursuant to your credit application) may share with its affiliates any information it obtains from your credit application or acceptance certificate and any transactions and experiences between you and it. In addition, it may share with its affiliates any other information related to you; however, you may request that such information not be shared with affiliates by notifying us in writing at any OneMain Financial branch.JavaScript is not enabled on your browser. Please enable JavaScript or try another browser to log in.Copyright © 1996-2017, All rights reserved. You have been redirected to the OneMain Financial website, which is governed by a separate Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Please review the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy after entering the website.  OKGo Back ×CloseYou are leaving OneMainFinancial.comYou are about to leave the OneMain Financial website. By pressing “Open Site in New Window,” you will enter a third party’s website, which is regulated by a separate Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Please review this third party’s Terms of Use and Privacy Policy upon entering their website.Open Site in New WindowLoan approval and actual loan terms depend on your ability to meet our standard credit criteria (including credit history, income and debts) and the availability of collateral. Loan amount is also subject to state specific maximum or minimum size restrictions. APR’s are generally higher for loans not secured by a vehicle.Some vehicles may not be used as collateral, including those used commercially or with branded titles (such as salvage). Additional loan size limits may apply to loans secured by discontinued vehicle models. We may refuse your collateral if it does not meet our criteria.Active duty military, their spouse or dependents covered by the Military Lending Act may not pledge any vehicle as collateral.CA: OneMain Financial Group, LLC and OneMain Financial Services, Inc. and OneMain Consumer Loan, Inc. – Loans made or arranged pursuant to Department of Business Oversight California Finance Lenders License. NH: OneMain Financial Group, LLC - NMLS # 1339418 and OneMain Consumer Loan, Inc. - NMLS # 937358. PA: OneMain Financial Group, LLC and OneMain Financial of Pennsylvania, Inc. and OneMain Consumer Loan, Inc. – Licensed by the Pennsylvania Department of Banking and Securities. RI: OneMain Consumer Loan, Inc., Rhode Island Licensed Lender and Licensed Small Loan Lender. For residents of the State of Washington only: OneMain Financial Group, LLC - Consumer Loan Company License - NMLS # 1339418, OneMain Financial of Washington, Inc. - Consumer Loan Company License - NMLS # 36167, OneMain Consumer Loan, Inc. - Consumer Loan Company License - NMLS # 937358 and OneMain Financial Services, Inc. - Consumer Loan Company License - NMLS # 1056. Click here for the NMLS Consumer Access Database.


OneMain Careers | Home



























We believe in people.
Search Jobs




Career Areas
Click on a career area to learn more





Branch Opportunities
Learn More





Corporate Headquarters
Learn More





Customer Service Centers
Learn More





Digital Talent
Learn More





Internships and New Graduates
Learn More










Meet our team.

                                	Find out what it’s like to work here from the people who know best.
                                
See testimonials from our talent























State Licensing
Privacy
Terms of Use


							Loan offers are subject to credit approval and other restrictions and requirements may apply.
						











Careers Home
About Us
Culture
Benefits
People

Search Jobs










Check to see if Prequalified - OneMain Financial
JavaScript is not enabled on your browser. Please enable JavaScript or try another browser to log in.Find out if you are prequalifiedPersonal InformationRequested Amount:Name:EmailDon’t have an email address? Please visit your nearest OneMain Financial branch to fill out your application.Address:StateAL
AK
AZ
AR
CA
CO
CT
DE
DC
FL
GA
HI
IA
ID
IL
IN
KS
KY
LA
MA
MD
ME
MI
MN
MO
MS
MT
NE
NC
ND
NH
NJ
NM
NV
NY
OH
OK
OR
PA
RI
SC
SD
TN
TX
UT
VA
VT
WA
WI
WV
WYContact Phone Number:Primary Phone Number:Primary Phone Type:TypeHome
Mobile
OtherBy providing my mobile and/or home number, including a number that I later convert to a mobile number, I consent to receive calls, text messages, and pre-recorded messages (including by auto-dialers) by or on behalf of OneMain regarding the processing of my prequalification request, and if approved, for other transactional purposes, such as the collection and servicing of my account. I understand my consent for non-marketing calls and messages applies to each phone number that I voluntarily provide to OneMain now or in the future or obtained by OneMain through other lawful means.Date of Birth:Date of Birth Month:
Month
January
February
March
April
May
June
July
August
September
October
November
December

Date of Birth Day:
Day
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31

Date of Birth Year:
Year
2017
2016
2015
2014
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
2007
2006
2005
2004
2003
2002
2001
2000
1999
1998
1997
1996
1995
1994
1993
1992
1991
1990
1989
1988
1987
1986
1985
1984
1983
1982
1981
1980
1979
1978
1977
1976
1975
1974
1973
1972
1971
1970
1969
1968
1967
1966
1965
1964
1963
1962
1961
1960
1959
1958
1957
1956
1955
1954
1953
1952
1951
1950
1949
1948
1947
1946
1945
1944
1943
1942
1941
1940
1939
1938
1937
1936
1935
1934
1933
1932
1931
1930
1929
1928
1927
1926
1925
1924
1923
1922
1921
1920
1919
1918

Last 4 digits of Social Security NumberXXX - XX - Why do we ask for this?We require the last 4 digits of your social security number to help verify your identity.Monthly Net Income:Did you enter your yearly income instead of monthly income? Please verify before continuing the application.Monthly Net Income is your income each month after taxes and deductions, which may include your monthly salary, social security, pension or other sources of income. You do not need to include alimony, child support, or separate maintenance income unless you want to have it considered as a basis for repaying this loan. I authorize OneMain to obtain consumer report information on me to see if I have a prequalified offer available.  I understand that checking for a prequalified offer will place an inquiry on my credit report but it will not affect my credit score because it is not a loan application.  I will be asked to complete a loan application if I select an available prequalified offer or if no prequalified offer is available.  This will result in an inquiry being placed on my credit report, which may affect my credit score.(Required to proceed) I have reviewed and agree to the terms of the Electronic Consent Agreement. I confirm that I have the necessary hardware and software to receive and access electronic records, including the ability to access PDF files, and an active email address. (Required to proceed) I have reviewed and agree to the Terms for using the website and have reviewed and acknowledge receipt of the Privacy Notice and Privacy Policy. (Required to proceed) Check for Prequalified Offerthis won’t affect your credit scoreYour privacy is important to us. See our privacy policy. Received mail?Respond to the loan offer you received in the mail from OneMain.Look up my offerCopyright © 1996-2017, All rights reserved. You have been redirected to the OneMain Financial website, which is governed by a separate Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Please review the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy after entering the website.  OKGo Back ×CloseYou are leaving OneMainFinancial.comYou are about to leave the OneMain Financial website. By pressing “Open Site in New Window,” you will enter a third party’s website, which is regulated by a separate Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Please review this third party’s Terms of Use and Privacy Policy upon entering their website.Open Site in New WindowLoan approval and actual loan terms depend on your ability to meet our standard credit criteria (including credit history, income and debts) and the availability of collateral. Loan amount is also subject to state specific maximum or minimum size restrictions. APR’s are generally higher for loans not secured by a vehicle.Some vehicles may not be used as collateral, including those used commercially or with branded titles (such as salvage). Additional loan size limits may apply to loans secured by discontinued vehicle models. We may refuse your collateral if it does not meet our criteria.Active duty military, their spouse or dependents covered by the Military Lending Act may not pledge any vehicle as collateral.CA: OneMain Financial Group, LLC and OneMain Financial Services, Inc. and OneMain Consumer Loan, Inc. – Loans made or arranged pursuant to Department of Business Oversight California Finance Lenders License. NH: OneMain Financial Group, LLC - NMLS # 1339418 and OneMain Consumer Loan, Inc. - NMLS # 937358. PA: OneMain Financial Group, LLC and OneMain Financial of Pennsylvania, Inc. and OneMain Consumer Loan, Inc. – Licensed by the Pennsylvania Department of Banking and Securities. RI: OneMain Consumer Loan, Inc., Rhode Island Licensed Lender and Licensed Small Loan Lender. For residents of the State of Washington only: OneMain Financial Group, LLC - Consumer Loan Company License - NMLS # 1339418, OneMain Financial of Washington, Inc. - Consumer Loan Company License - NMLS # 36167, OneMain Consumer Loan, Inc. - Consumer Loan Company License - NMLS # 937358 and OneMain Financial Services, Inc. - Consumer Loan Company License - NMLS # 1056. Click here for the NMLS Consumer Access Database.

Find BBB Accredited Consumer Finance and Loan Companies in South East Florida





























































































Categories Related to Consumer Finance & Loan Companies

Real Estate Loans


Real Estate Consultants


Financing Consultants


Insurance - Long Term Care


Insurance - Accident & Health


Auto Dealers - New Cars


Financial Planning Consultants


Insurance Rating Bureaus


Loan Servicing


Financing


Insurance Services - Commercial


Escrow Services


Financial Consultants - No License Required













CONNECT
WITH


			      Trustworthy Consumer Finance and Loan Companies			  



Connect with
Trustworthy Consumer Finance and Loan Companies
In Your Neighborhood

CONNECT
WITH

ACCREDITED BUSINESSES






Accredited Business Directory
Find Businesses You Can Trust

Southeast Florida and the Caribbean HomeAccredited Business Directory / Banking and Financial ServicesConsumer Finance & Loan Companies
Consumer Finance & Loan Companies







Legend

BBB Accredited Sponsor

BBB Accredited Business




Filter by


Categories Related to Consumer Finance & Loan Companies






Filter by City


Boca Raton
Coral Springs
Fort Lauderdale
Hollywood


Miami
Miami Lakes
Port Saint Lucie
Sunrise






Categories Related to Consumer Finance & Loan Companies




Loans - Small Business
Mortgage Brokers
Financial Services
Insurance Companies


Auto Dealers - Used Cars
Loans
Insurance Services
Show More Business Types





Consumer Finance & Loan Companies in Local Cities

Consumer Finance & Loan Companies in Other Cities

Amarillo, TX
Atlanta, GA
Vancouver, BC
Huntsville, AL
Reno, NV
Macon, GA
Dayton, OH
Charlotte, NC


BBB Accredited Consumer Finance and Loan Companies  have all agreed to a set of high standards in their business practices. Learn more about BBB Accreditation.

Sponsored Listings of BBB Accredited  Consumer Finance & Loan Companies
Results for : "Consumer Finance & Loan Companies" in "Southeast Florida and The Caribbean"


Business Name / Address
Type of BusinessBBB Accreditation 








Lord Mortgage & Loan, Inc.

6971 N Federal Hwy Ste 103 Boca Raton, FL
6971 N Federal Hwy Ste 103 
Boca Raton
FL

View Business Profile 

Map

Phone(561) 353-5858






















All BBB Accredited  Consumer Finance & Loan Companies






Business Name / Address
Type of Business
BBB Accreditation 

 





1st Capital Source

        
                
        901 S State Road 7 
        Hollywood, FL 
901 S State Road 7
Hollywood
FL





 

 


AFS Acceptance, LLC

        
                
        PO Box 189007 
        Plantation, FL 
PO Box 189007
Plantation
FL





 

 


American Executive Mortgage Group

        
                
        4710 NW 2nd Ave 
        Boca Raton, FL 
4710 NW 2nd Ave
Boca Raton
FL





 

 


BankUnited

        
                
        14817 Oak Ln 
        Miami Lakes, FL 
14817 Oak Ln
Miami Lakes
FL





 

 


Capital Funding Solutions, Inc.

        
                
        2021 Tyler St 
        Hollywood, FL 
2021 Tyler St
Hollywood
FL





 

 


Data One Merchant Services, LLC

        
                
        840 US Highway 1 #435 
        North Palm Beach, FL 
840 US Highway 1 #435
North Palm Beach
FL





 

 


E-Mortgage, Inc

        
                
        9370 Sunset Dr STE A200 
        Miami, FL 
9370 Sunset Dr STE A200
Miami
FL





 

 


Embassy Loans, Inc.

        
                
        10000 Stirling Rd., Suite 5 
        Cooper City, FL 
10000 Stirling Rd., Suite 5
Cooper City
FL





 

 


Federated National Insurance Company

        
                
        14050 NW 14th Street #180 
        Fort Lauderdale, FL 
14050 NW 14th Street #180
Fort Lauderdale
FL





 

 


Ferco Motors Corp.

        
                
        1740 SW 1st St 
        Miami, FL 
1740 SW 1st St
Miami
FL





 

 


Home Financial Group, LLC

        
                
        13790 NW 4th St STE 110 
        Sunrise, FL 
13790 NW 4th St STE 110
Sunrise
FL





 

 


Investment Finance Corp.

        
                
        8300 W Flagler St 
        Miami, FL 
8300 W Flagler St
Miami
FL





 

 


Lawsuit Funding Fast, LLC

        
                
        Corporate Place 1200 N Federal Hwy, 2nd Floor 
        Boca Raton, FL 
Corporate Place 1200 N Federal Hwy, 2nd Floor
Boca Raton
FL





 

 


LoanLynx, Inc.

        
                
        Serving Southeast Florida 
        Port Saint Lucie, FL 
Serving Southeast Florida
Port Saint Lucie
FL





 

 







Lord Mortgage & Loan, Inc.

6971 N Federal Hwy Ste 103 Boca Raton, FL
6971 N Federal Hwy Ste 103 
Boca Raton
FL

View Business Profile 

Map

Phone(561) 353-5858
















 


MB Dealer Financial, LLC

        
                
        2051 NW 112th Ave STE 114 
        Miami, FL 
2051 NW 112th Ave STE 114
Miami
FL





 

 


Mengar Automotive Finance Solutions LLC

        
                
        782 NW 42 Ave., #632 
        Miami, FL 
782 NW 42 Ave., #632
Miami
FL





 

 


Mortgage Advantage Lending, LLC

        
                
        1930 N Commerce Pkwy STE 6 
        Weston, FL 
1930 N Commerce Pkwy STE 6
Weston
FL





 

 


National Auto Lenders,  Inc.

        
                
        14645 N.W. 77th  Avenue 
        Miami Lakes, FL 
14645 N.W. 77th  Avenue
Miami Lakes
FL





 

 


National Transaction Corp.

        
                
        Serving Southeast Florida 
        Coral Springs, FL 
Serving Southeast Florida
Coral Springs
FL





 

 


Nations Lending Corporation

        
                
        14160 Palmetto Frntg Rd STE 170 
        Miami Lakes, FL 
14160 Palmetto Frntg Rd STE 170
Miami Lakes
FL





 

 


Noble Financial Corporation

        
                
        6501 Congress Ave, Ste 100 
        Boca Raton, FL 
6501 Congress Ave, Ste 100
Boca Raton
FL





 

 


OneMain Financial

        
                
        8223 W Flagler St 
        Miami, FL 
8223 W Flagler St
Miami
FL





 

 


Pacific Lending Group, Inc.

        
                
        2900 N University Dr 
        Coral Springs, FL 
2900 N University Dr
Coral Springs
FL





 

 


Premier Auto Finance of South Florida Inc

        
                
        261 S State Road 7 
        Pompano Beach, FL 
261 S State Road 7
Pompano Beach
FL





 

 


SimplyTitle Company

        
                
        330 SW 2nd St STE 111 
        Fort Lauderdale, FL 
330 SW 2nd St STE 111
Fort Lauderdale
FL





 

 


Versys Auto Finance, LLC

        
                
        19001 NW 2nd Ave # B 
        Miami Gardens, FL 
19001 NW 2nd Ave # B
Miami Gardens
FL





 





1 of 3

10
20
50
Show All


Total Result: 27















If you would like to be listed in Consumer Finance & Loan Companies, you can 
							apply to become BBB Accredited.















×











XWhat is a BBB Business Review?
We offer free reviews on businesses that include background, licensing, consumer experience and other information such as governmental actions that is known to BBB. These reviews are provided for businesses that are BBB accredited and also for businesses that are not BBB accredited.

XBBB Reporting Policy
As a matter of policy, BBB does not endorse any product, service or business.
BBB Business Reviews are provided solely to assist you in exercising your own best judgment. Information in this BBB Business Review is believed reliable but not guaranteed as to accuracy.
BBB Business Reviews generally cover a three-year reporting period. BBB Business Reviews are subject to change at any time.










