

	SPRINGBOT Trademark of SPRINGBOT, INC.. Serial Number: 85659608 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Advertising,  Business & Retail Services
SPRINGBOT










 
Get FREE email alerts













SPRINGBOT  Trademark Information
 SPRINGBOT, INC.
Advertising services, namely, promoting and marketing the goods and services of others through all public communication means
Application service provider, namely, hosting, managing, developing, and maintaining applications, software, and web sites, in the fields of personal productivity, wireless communication, mobile information access, and remote data management for wireless delivery of content to handheld computers, laptops and mobile electronic devices




Perfect for these industries

Advertising,  Business & Retail Services
Computer & Software Services & Scientific Services





Words that describe this mark
advertising   services         promoting   marketing   goods   services   public   communication   means    
                                    




This is a brand page for the SPRINGBOT trademark by SPRINGBOT, INC. 
                                in ATLANTA, GA, 30361.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this SPRINGBOT trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner SPRINGBOT, INC. of the SPRINGBOT trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the SPRINGBOT trademark.
                           






On Friday, June 22, 2012,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        SPRINGBOT by 
                        SPRINGBOT, INC., ATLANTA, GA  30361.
                        The USPTO has given the SPRINGBOT 
                        trademark serial  number of  85659608.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is REGISTERED.
                        The correspondent listed for SPRINGBOT is 
                        
                        
                                            Ann K. Ford of 
                                            DLA Piper LLP (US),  500 Eighth Street, NW, Washington DC 20004 
                                .
                            The SPRINGBOT trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Advertising,  Business & Retail Services
                                , 
                                    Computer & Software Services & Scientific Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for SPRINGBOT 
                            is Advertising services, namely, promoting and marketing the goods and services of others through all public communication means. 
                            





Word mark:
 SPRINGBOT


  Status/Status Date:  


REGISTERED

1/29/2013



  Serial Number:  
85659608


  Filing Date:  
6/22/2012


 Registration Number:  
4283011 


 Registration Date:  
1/29/2013


 Goods and Services: 
Advertising services, namely, promoting and marketing the goods and services of others through all public communication means


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
11/13/2012


Last Applicant/Owner:

SPRINGBOT, INC.ATLANTA, GA  30361
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


Ann K. Ford
DLA Piper LLP (US)
500 Eighth Street, NW
Washington DC 20004






 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (035) - Advertising; business management; business administration; office functions. 


First Use Anywhere: 
1/1/2008


First Use In Commerce: 
7/12/2008




Primary Class: 
 Class (042) - Scientific and technological services and research and design relating thereto; industrial analysis and research services; design and development of computer hardware and software. 


First Use Anywhere: 
1/1/2008


First Use In Commerce: 
7/12/2008





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your SPRINGBOT trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

1/29/2013
REGISTERED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



Ann K. Ford


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of SPRINGBOT trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search springbot on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for SPRINGBOT 




SPRINGBOT is providing Advertising services, namely, promoting and marketing the goods and services of others through all public communication means.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 
























FreeDemographicSnapshot Magento Extension by Springbot Inc | MageCloud.net














                    MENU



How it works

For Merchants
For Developers
For Agencies




Features

Magento Hosting
Magento Themes
Magento Theme Editor
Magento Extensions
Migration to Magento
Magento 2




Services

Magento Development
Magento Maintenance
Magento SEO/SEM
Magento Design
Magento Speed Optimization
Magento Secure Review
Magento 2 Development



Partners

Official Partners
Become a Partner



Company

About Us
Blog



        Contact

Account













Magento extension FreeDemographicSnapshot by Springbot Inc

                MageCloud partnered with Springbot Inc to offer FreeDemographicSnapshot in your MageCloud panel for our simple 1-click installation option.
                To install this extension - create your account with MageCloud and launch a new Magento store. It takes only 3 minutes.
            
                Springbot Inc always provides support for customers who have installed FreeDemographicSnapshot Magento module. Feel free to leave a review for the company and the extension so we can offer you better products and services in the future.
            
                You may want to check other Springbot Inc Magento extensions available at MageCloud and even get extensions from hundreds of other Magento developers using our marketplace.
            
FreeDemographicSnapshot provides Magento stores with a powerful snapshot of their demographic data for free.


                
                    Free
                
            

                Install Now
            

                Watch Video
            




Overview

Developer Info







FreeDemographicSnapshot 

FreeDemographicSnapshot is powered by Springbot, a Magento Gold Technology Partner. Springbot’s FreeDemographicSnapshot.com examines a sample of your store’s customers and after a quick analysis, provides you a demographic snapshot of your customers in seconds.







  WHAT IT IS


  A powerful snapshot of your store’s demographic data that includes information about the age, gender, and households of your customers for free.


  WHY YOU NEED IT


  Gain the knowledge you need to fine-tune your store’s marketing plans and strengthen customer relationships by understanding the demographic characteristics of your store.


  HOW YOU USE IT


  Using your demographic data gives you insights about your customers - allowing you to better optimize your marketing campaigns so you can market smarter, not harder. Learn More





  Take 5 minutes and get your store’s demographic snapshot today. Have questions? Contact a Springbot eCommerce consultant at Sales or our Springbot Support Team.







Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.























Springbot - eCommerce Marketing Automation for Magento & Shopify



















































 


 









 

























































How Does Your Store Measure Up? Check out our free eCommerce Scorecard to see how your store compares to its peers. Use our insights and recommendations to discover new trends in your industry, establish benchmarks, and profit from your competitors’ mistakes
 Compare Your Store



Data-Driven eCommerce Marketing Springbot streamlines the process of automating, analyzing, and personalizing eCommerce marketing. With its all-in-one platform and data-driven marketing recommendations, Springbot empowers retailers through its core features.







What’s New At Springbot?


Watch Recorded Webinar In this webinar, learn how to engage customers by pairing email marketing and your loyalty program.
 Watch Now



Latest Research Are you getting the most out of your email marketing campaigns? Learn how to design powerful emails that drive results.
 Get the Guide



Recent Press Release Springbot customers looking to grow their email subscribers now have a new tool in their marketing arsenals.
 Read More






Integration with Magento, BigCommerce, Shopify & top marketing tools







MagentoMagento Marketplace








BigCommerceeCommerce Apps Marketplace








ShopifyShopify Apps Store






Our clients dig Springbot, and we think you will too."We love using Springbot and it's clear that the people working at the company love and understand the product. We're fairly new to Magento, and have been hesistant to install plugins.  The team at Springbot talked us through the install process, and when I had a technical question that needed a quick resolution, they set up a call with a developer, and within minutes the problem was easily solved. Finally, the AdRoll impressions included in the subscription package is great."Brook DeLormeBrook There
"Springbot has such amazing capabilities with ease of use, and I'm planning to recommend it to clients in my new consulting practice working with NCR's NRO-based sites."Jan HirschNolla Consulting for Kelli's Gift Shop
"The Springbot integration with Amazon simplifies the process by enabling me to match a product, compare lists against competing products and optimize my listings quickly."Matt Sparks First Aid & Safety Online
"Springbot’s commitment to helping us personalize and optimize our marketing efforts through data-driven (and easy-to-use) solutions is much appreciated."Peg SousaCraftArtEdu
 Read More












 








  Recent Posts 

An eCommerce Marketer’s Guide to Mastering Facebook Ads


Data-Driven Lessons for Fashion and Apparel Companies


Use a Data-Driven Approach to Shape Your Marketing Plan


 
Springbot 
1201 Peachtree St. NE Colony SquareBuilding 400, Suite 400Atlanta, GA 30361 404.487.0041 Live Chat Hours: M-F 9am to 5pm ET 






Delivering Marketing Robotics™ to eCommerce Stores
© 2016 Springbot, Inc.  All rights reserved.
 









Start typing and press Enter to search






















Springbot Business Partnership - All Program's Details



















































 


 









 
































PartnersCompany » Partners












Partners


Partnership Business Opportunities
We partner with companies to integrate innovative technology solutions that increases the capabilities and value of our eCommerce marketing platform.  Becoming a Springbot partner establishes a strategic relationship with your company and Springbot. Our partners receive valuable benefits, all with the goal of connecting partners to our community and helping them succeed.
Why Partner with Springbot?
The Springbot Partner Program is a network of the top hosting providers, eCommerce solution providers and third party software providers. The program provides quality benefits and services that expand and enhance the functionality of our marketing automation and marketing analytics platform.
Partnership Opportunities
There are a number of great opportunities for companies interested in working with Springbot. Please review the options below which best describes how you’d like to work with us and then submit your application. Types of partnerships include:

Solution Partner:  System integrators / web design firms that implement Magento sites and desire a strategic relationship with Springbot.
Hosting Partner:  Springbot’s Hosting Partners are experts in hosting and deliver a high level of quality and confidence that ensures our customers’ Magento store is reliable and consistently available.
Industry Partner:  Third party software companies that provide software that extends and enhances the capabilities of our customers’ Magento online stores.

Program Details




 Hosting PartnerIndustry PartnerSolution Partner




Co-marketing 


Featured Partner Promotion✓✓✓


Priority Participation in Events✓✓✓


Joint Press Releases✓✓✓


Support of Joint Webinars
*per year✓✓✓


Marketing Promotion & Resources ✓✓✓


Social Media Promotion & Support✓✓✓


Support


Referral Network ✓✓✓


Compensation Programs✓✓✓


Dedicated Channel Management ✓✓✓


Partnership Kickoff Plan✓✓✓




 Contact Us












 








  Recent Posts 

An eCommerce Marketer’s Guide to Mastering Facebook Ads


Data-Driven Lessons for Fashion and Apparel Companies


Use a Data-Driven Approach to Shape Your Marketing Plan


 
Springbot 
1201 Peachtree St. NE Colony SquareBuilding 400, Suite 400Atlanta, GA 30361 404.487.0041 Live Chat Hours: M-F 9am to 5pm ET 






Delivering Marketing Robotics™ to eCommerce Stores
© 2016 Springbot, Inc.  All rights reserved.
 









Start typing and press Enter to search
























Springbot














			sign in now
		








					Remember Me
				


						Forgot Password?
					




				New to Springbot?
				Click here to register!




















 







Springbot Digital Marketing Software Company - Our Core Values


















































 


 









 
































CompanyCompany
















Digital Marketing Software Company
Our Passion There are more than 500,000 small & medium eCommerce stores in the U.S. and even more around the world. Our passion is helping them compete against the big guys like Amazon and Walmart. We (the springbots) spend late nights and early mornings making advanced marketing technologies that are typically only available to large enterprises – making them simple and affordable for everyone. We call it the democratization of data and technology.
In his book, David and Goliath, Malcom Gladwell said “Most fail to recognize the advantages an underdog brand has when it faces off against a competitor who has strength, size, and wealth. And that’s exactly why nimble, upstart companies, with their new solutions to old problems, often can beat Goliaths.” Springbot’s eCommerce marketing Platform is that new solution that will help you beat the giants.



How We Help
Springbot optimizes digital marketing for hundreds of eCommerce retailers. On average, our customers experience a 15% increase in monthly order volume and an 8% increase in average order value when they leverage the power of the springbots (our army of marketing robots). This equates to a 23% increase in monthly revenue!
So how does this happen? Simple.
 Increased marketing confidence leads to more marketing activity.
Set it and forget it marketing makes them money while they sleep (or have fun).
And most importantly, targeted and timely marketing drives more conversions.
 Bottom-line: Our customers earn 18 dollars in profit for every dollar they spend with us.



10000000Customer Insights to Personalize Marketing We provide demographic and purchase behavior data for our customers helping them create marketing campaigns that are tailored to their audience through customer segments and personalized content.



1000000Product Insights for More Conversions After analyzing millions of products for our customers, we’ve helped them better understand which products are viewed the most, which ones have the highest add to cart rate and which products drive the most conversions.



10000Marketing Actions Optimized for Better ROI With Springbot our customers track and optimize all of their marketing actions, like sending segmented email campaigns, automating triggered emails and launching retargeting ads, by understanding revenue attribution for a better ROI.



Our Core Values The springbots love helping eCommerce retailers grow. And it’s fun because we have smart and super cool customers that sell everything from preppy clothes to kick-ass skateboards. Here’s the Springbot commitment to our customers, investors, communities and each other:
 We grow customers into fans.We deliver on our promises.We celebrate what makes us uniquewe live the journey as a team


Join Us
We’re looking for wicked smart people that love to have fun and are passionate about helping the small guy take on the giants. Please check-out our careers page for a complete listing of our current opportunities and to find out more about why you should become a springbot.
 Careers
Contact Us



 Leadership Team

Brooks Robinson, Co-founder & CEO

Joe Reger, Co-founder & CTO
Erika Jolly Brookes, CMO


Austin DeAngelis, VP Sales


Amber Haack, VP Customer Success


Abby Weatherby, VP Finance



  Board of Directors


Dave Gould, TechOperators
Wayne Hunter, Harbert Growth Partners
Mark Johnson, TTV Capital
Allen Nance, Tech Square Labs
Brooks Robinson, Springbot


 











 








  Recent Posts 

An eCommerce Marketer’s Guide to Mastering Facebook Ads


Data-Driven Lessons for Fashion and Apparel Companies


Use a Data-Driven Approach to Shape Your Marketing Plan


 
Springbot 
1201 Peachtree St. NE Colony SquareBuilding 400, Suite 400Atlanta, GA 30361 404.487.0041 Live Chat Hours: M-F 9am to 5pm ET 






Delivering Marketing Robotics™ to eCommerce Stores
© 2016 Springbot, Inc.  All rights reserved.
 









Start typing and press Enter to search




















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














Springbot Marketing Platform Experience - eCommerce Ongoing Success


















































 


 









 
































FAQsFeatures » FAQs















Springbot’s Frequently Asked Questions



AllAbout UsGetting StartedUsing SpringbotWhen did Springbot start?2012 is the year the Marketing Robotics magic began! While participating in a Georgia Tech business accelerator program called Flashpoint, Brooks Robinson and Joe Reger founded the company to help small and medium sized eCommerce stores solve the bewildering array of marketing tools and analytics as well as what action to take next to grow their business. Thanks to our recent Series B funding, our community of retailers can expect even greater eCommerce marketing capabilities from Springbot in the coming months!
What is a “Springbot”?Springbot is an eCommerce marketing platform that brings all of your essential marketing tools into one dashboard and gives you insanely detailed analytics, marketing automation capabilities, and more. 
If you see us refer to “the springbots,” we’re talking about our team of incredibly dedicated developers, account managers, eCommerce marketing experts, and others who are passionate about our customers. We’re working for our customers behind the scenes crunching numbers, sifting through the latest and greatest marketing technology, and providing actionable insights to help make the marketing actions you take even more powerful.  
How does Springbot help me market my store?In addition to bringing all of your essential marketing channels (such as retargeting, email, and social) into one platform we give you the ability to automate and optimize your actions based on data-driven insights that are unique to our platform. We’ll show you what marketing is working and what you will want to refine through our revenue, conversion, product, channel, and ROI reports. All of this is designed to enhance the marketing actions you’re taking and guide you to better data-driven actions. 
Can I list products on Amazon with Springbot?Yes, Springbot is integrated with Amazon and enables stores to seamlessly sell direct-to-consumer alongside their Amazon stores. Stores can match their stock against the same products in the Amazon catalog, compare listings, set competitive prices and list those products for sale. 
Can I send emails through Springbot?Currently, Springbot integrates with both MailChimp and Constant Contact to provide advanced segmentation capabilities, analytics, and reporting features for your newsletter campaigns. Springbot also offers a suite of automated marketing emails, such as Abandoned Cart, First Purchase, Last Purchase and Winback, that work behind the scenes to promote sales.
What shopping carts does Springbot support?Currently, Springbot is integrated with Magento, Magento 2, Shopify and BigCommerce.
How do I get started using Springbot?It’s very simple to get started with Springbot. As part of your onboarding process with a dedicated Springbot Customer Success Manager, we ensure that all of your integrations (including your shopping cart, marketing tools and store data) are connected and working properly. Once you are up and running with Springbot, your account manager will to continue to guide your marketing efforts. 
What is onboarding like?At Springbot, you’ll have a dedicated account manager who will walk you through installing Springbot to your eCommerce store and integrating and marketing tools like Google Analytics, Facebook, and more. He or she will also offer best practices and advice on how to get the most from your Springbot account. We have a Customer Knowledge Base so you can quickly and conveniently find answers to common questions you may have! Your Springbot Customer Success Manager is dedicated to help you get the most out of our platform.
Do I have to sign a contract?Springbot does not require a contract for our service and software so you are free to upgrade or cancel at any time. We do request that you provide a 30-day written cancellation notice and also please comply with our terms and conditions.
Is AdRoll included in the monthly subscription?Yes, an AdRoll campaign is included with the Springbot subscription. You can select from either a web campaign or a social campaign to re-target your site visitors as they go to other websites, Facebook or Instagram.












 








  Recent Posts 

An eCommerce Marketer’s Guide to Mastering Facebook Ads


Data-Driven Lessons for Fashion and Apparel Companies


Use a Data-Driven Approach to Shape Your Marketing Plan


 
Springbot 
1201 Peachtree St. NE Colony SquareBuilding 400, Suite 400Atlanta, GA 30361 404.487.0041 Live Chat Hours: M-F 9am to 5pm ET 






Delivering Marketing Robotics™ to eCommerce Stores
© 2016 Springbot, Inc.  All rights reserved.
 









Start typing and press Enter to search



















Springbot Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback
























springbot inc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Technology
Industry: Software
Sub-Industry: Application Software
Springbot Inc designs and develops digital marketing software. The Company offers product conservation reports, email marketing, revenue tracking, and email integration solutions. Springbot conducts its business in the United States.




Corporate Information
Address:

1201 Peachtree St, Northeast
Colony Square, Bldg 400, Ste 4
Atlanta, GA 30361
United States


Phone:
1-404-487-0041


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.springbot.com





Board Members




CEO/Co-Founder
Company


Brooks Robinson
Springbot Inc








Board Members
Company


Mark Johnson
Ttv Capital LLC


David Gould
Toomah LLC


Allen Nance
Whatcounts Inc


























From The Web











Key Executives


Brooks A Robinson


CEO/Co-Founder







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data








































Webinar: Top 10 AdWords Tips for Magento Users - Springbot





















































 


 









 













































Webinar: Top 10 AdWords Tips for Magento Users



 Webinar: Top 10 AdWords Tips for Magento
Advertising on Google AdWords can be one of the most effective ways to market your Magento eCommerce store — if you have a plan in place. However, generating cost-effective sales using AdWords is a technical process. As an eCommerce store owner or manager, you need to develop strategy to run the right kind of campaigns at the right time. 
Please join Springbot and Rand Internet Marketing on Tuesday, September 29th at 2pm EST as we talk all things pay-per-click marketing for your Magento store including:

Planning, implementing, and tracking your Adwords campaigns
Creating and managing compelling ads
Setting up retargeting and youtube ads
and more!

Webinar Date: Tuesday, September 29th at 2pm EST / 11am PST.
Can’t make the webinar? No worries. Register anyway and we will make sure to send you a recorded version so that you can watch whenever you want.
 








About Our Speaker
Seth Rand is the Founder and CEO of Rand Internet Marketing. With over twelve years of experience, is considered a veteran in the world of Internet Marketing. Seth has optimized over 700 websites, achieving over 100,000 Top 10 organic search engine rankings between Google, Yahoo, and Bing. Seth has also administered over $20 million in Google AdWords pay per click advertising. Seth has been a Google Certified Partner along with being a member of SEMPO. Seth is thought of as an expert in Search Engine Marketing, qualified as an expert witness in court, and has had articles published in Visibility Magazine, Social Media Today, and hundreds of other websites. Seth is also a volunteer and guest speaker with many organizations including Bloomberg, Magento, SCORE and other local chambers of commerce and business organizations. Seth is a Board Member atAbi’s Place, a non-profit school in Coral Springs, Florida, and on the career advisory board at the Art Institute of Fort Lauderdale. While Seth has been CEO of Rand Internet Marketing, the company has grown significantly and been named a Top 25 Web Design and Development Firm four years in a row.












 








  Recent Posts 

An eCommerce Marketer’s Guide to Mastering Facebook Ads


Data-Driven Lessons for Fashion and Apparel Companies


Use a Data-Driven Approach to Shape Your Marketing Plan


 
Springbot 
1201 Peachtree St. NE Colony SquareBuilding 400, Suite 400Atlanta, GA 30361 404.487.0041 Live Chat Hours: M-F 9am to 5pm ET 






Delivering Marketing Robotics™ to eCommerce Stores
© 2016 Springbot, Inc.  All rights reserved.
 









Start typing and press Enter to search




















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














Marketing Resources - Springbot eCommerce Marketing Resources



















































 


 









 














































Marketing Resources
 Learn more about digital marketing for small-to-medium size businesses with our eGuides, tools, webinars, videos, and case studies.
 AlleGuidesWebinarsOn-demand videos
M-commerce: 6 Mobile Trends Impacting eCommerce StoreseGuides 
Diving Deeper Into Marketing Data Improves ConversionseGuides 
How Springbot Helped Drive Growth in Sales and Revenue for 2014eGuides 
5 Data-driven Email Campaigns to Launch in 2015eGuides 
Fashion, the Ecommerce Evolution and the Omnichannel ImperativeeGuides 
The Top 11 SEO Tips for MagentoWebinars 
How we are simplifying multichannel sellingWebinars 
Understand the Importance of Revenue Attribution for Social MediaWebinars 
The Past, Present and Future of a Winning Ecommerce Optimization StrategyWebinars 
The Devil is in the DataWebinars 
How Springbot Helps Ecommerce Stores Grow!On-demand videos 
How FreeDemographicSnapshot.com WorksOn-demand videos 
Springbot’s eCommerce Marketing Platform in ActionOn-demand videos 

Load More











 








  Recent Posts 

An eCommerce Marketer’s Guide to Mastering Facebook Ads


Data-Driven Lessons for Fashion and Apparel Companies


Use a Data-Driven Approach to Shape Your Marketing Plan


 
Springbot 
1201 Peachtree St. NE Colony SquareBuilding 400, Suite 400Atlanta, GA 30361 404.487.0041 Live Chat Hours: M-F 9am to 5pm ET 






Delivering Marketing Robotics™ to eCommerce Stores
© 2016 Springbot, Inc.  All rights reserved.
 









Start typing and press Enter to search

















 






Online Marketing Tools - Internet Marketing Software for Ecommerce
















Shopify Ecommerce - Shopping Cart & Software

Home






 






App Store


Powerful new features, services and plugins for your Shopify store


Sell your own app










Category: Marketing

All
Product Sourcing
Marketing
Sales
Social media
Shipping
Inventory
Customer service
Accounting
Tools
Reporting
Sales channels


Price: All

Free
All


Sort by: Popular

Newest
Popular



Collections

Launch your shop
Grow your business
Made by Shopify
Shopify POS apps
Kit skills



 





 

 
 
 
 




All Apps
/
      Marketing
  
 

Marketing
Attract new visitors, engage customers, and drive traffic to your store. Optimize your pages for search engines with apps geared towards managing your meta tags, titles, and URL handles. With email marketing apps, you can engage your audience and send notifications for new products and upcoming sales.









Privy - Free email popups with exit intent

From $0.00 / month



8048 reviews



          Grow your email list with free customizable pop-ups, exit intent, banners and bulk coupons. Sync with your existing email marketing tools.
        











Free Shipping Bar by Hextom

From $0.00 / month



3460 reviews



          A fully customizable bar that displays your free shipping offer to motivate your customers, increase cart values, and boost sales.
        











Better Coupon Box - Free Email Popups

From $0.00 / month



2477 reviews



          100% customizable email popups that offer coupons to convert visitors into email subscribers &amp; social fans. Trusted by 90k+ Shopify stores.
        











Points, VIP, Referral Programs by Smile.io (Sweet Tooth)

From $0.00 / month



2613 reviews



          Start your own branded rewards program in just a few minutes! Keep customers happy, returning, and spending more with referrals and rewards.
        











SEO Image Optimizer by Booster Apps

Free



3835 reviews



          SEO Image Optimizer - Increase traffic from Google Image search by automatically generating ALT tags for your products images for FREE!
        











Spin-a-Sale - Interactive Email Popup

$4.99 – $9.99 / month



232 reviews



          Spin-a-Sale is a new kind of popup that's interactive and fun for visitors. Dramatically grow your email list and increase sales!
        











Free Pop Ups & Conversion Marketing Platform

Free



306 reviews



          Conversion marketing platform with 20+ apps to help stores build email lists, increase sales conversions, and reduce cart abandonment. &#13;
        











Kit

Free


Made by Shopify

579 reviews



          Need a digital marketing expert? Kit knows email marketing, Instagram ads, Facebook ads, retargeting + more. Put Kit to work—free!
        











Happy Email

Free



1210 reviews



          Best free email marketing app to send new customers a welcome email from Store Founder automatically. Boost customer engagement &amp; sales.
        











eCommerce Email Marketing by Soundest

From $0.00 / month



1042 reviews



          Soundest covers all you need: easy Email Marketing Campaigns, automated Welcome, Cart Recovery Emails, Reports and integrated signup forms.
        











Plug in SEO

From $0.00 / month



1235 reviews



          Check your store for problems that affect your performance on search engines (SEO: search engine optimization)
        











Shogun Drag & Drop Page Builder

$9.00 – $49.00 / month



204 reviews



          Powerful drag and drop page builder and editor for building custom pages in your store. Works with any theme. Unlimited pages! Free trial!
        











Rewards and Referrals by Swell

From $0.00 / month



1657 reviews



          Dramatically increase revenue with our loyalty program, which rewards your customers for repeat purchases, referrals, and more!
        











Pop-Up Window

$5.95 – $12.95 / month



627 reviews



          Add a customizable pop-up window to your Shopify storefront to gather email signups or notify visitors about promotions and sales.
        











Popup Upsell on Exit & Visit

From $0.00 / month



368 reviews



          Popup app for your Shopify store that collects emails for your newsletter and notifies visitors about sales on Exit &amp; Visit with a popup!
        











SEO Manager

$20.00 / month



1215 reviews



          The #1 SEO App for Shopify. Used by 6000+ shops. SEO tools not found in any other app. Rank higher and earn more with SEO Manager.
        











Welcome Header Bar

From $0.00 / month



318 reviews



          Responsive and Fully Customizable Header Bar. Promote Free Shipping, Free Gifts, Coupons, + 10 more popular website marketing tools.
        











MailMunch - Email Popup

From $0.00 / month



166 reviews



          Grow your email list with free customizable popups. Use exit intent popups, bars or embed forms. Give discount coupons and convert visitors.
        











OrderlyEmails - Designer Email Notifications

$49.00



226 reviews



          Beautiful, customizable designs for your stores email confirmations. Upgrade your order, shipping and customer emails with no ongoing costs!
        











Retargeting on Autopilot by Shoelace

From $49.00 / month



146 reviews



          Shoelace makes retargeting easy! Turn your visitors into shoppers and take advantage of the Facebook pixel's superpowers! Retarget!
        











MailChimp Forms by MailMunch

Free – $9.00 / month



242 reviews



          Add MailChimp forms to your Shopify store and convert visitors into subscribers so you can email them and grow your business.
        











Conversio (previously Receiptful)

From $0.00 / month



682 reviews



          Conversio (previously Receiptful) is your all-in-one marketing dashboard including a variety of email tools and on-site widgets.
        











Wheelio - World First Interactive Exit Intent Pop-up

$14.92 / month



128 reviews



          Lead generation on steroids. Exit intent pop-up that captures lead like nothing you have ever seen. Fully customisable and responsive.
        











SEO Audit Pro - Shopify SEO Analysis

Free



76 reviews



          All-in-One Shopify SEO Report! Get your website ranked 1st on Google and Bing. Increase traffic and sales without paid advertising.
        






← Previous 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 … 12 13 Next →






Are you a developer? Become a Shopify partner or submit your app.
 
 
 









 






Springbot – Ecommerce Plugins for Online Stores – Shopify App Store
















Shopify Ecommerce - Shopping Cart & Software

Home






 






App Store


Powerful new features, services and plugins for your Shopify store


Sell your own app










Category: All

All
Product Sourcing
Marketing
Sales
Social media
Shipping
Inventory
Customer service
Accounting
Tools
Reporting
Sales channels


Price: All

Free
All


Sort by: Popular

Newest
Popular



Collections

Launch your shop
Grow your business
Made by Shopify
Shopify POS apps
Kit skills



 





 

 
 
 
 




All Apps
/ Marketing / Springbot
  
 







Springbot
Developed by Springbot



17 reviews










Get

Price: From $299.00 / month
More info











Integrate your marketing tools, content, & store data
Analyze revenue & ROI attribution by marketing channel
Grow & optimize your marketing by taking smarter, data-driven actions



Springbot streamlines the process of automating, analyzing, and personalizing your store's marketing campaigns through an all-in-one platform and data-driven marketing recommendations. Once you connect your marketing tools like MailChimp, AdRoll, Facebook, Instagram, and more to the platform, you can begin to take marketing actions directly from Springbot. This means sending trackable email campaigns, setting up automated triggered emails, optimizing your retargeting ads, scheduling social posts, determining which channels are driving sales, calculating the ROI of your marketing, and more in a single location.
How Does Springbot Work?
Getting started with Springbot is ridiculously simple, and we do all the heavy lifting. Connect your store to Springbot with a one-click installation, and our in-house experts begin syncing your store with enhanced demographic data to give you deeper customer insights like age, gender, income, marital status, and more.
Your dedicated Customer Success Manager will show you how to integrate all of your favorite tools like MailChimp, Constant Contact, AdRoll, Facebook, Twitter, and Pinterest to your Springbot Dashboard so you can perform and analyze your marketing actions all in one place.
Now you're ready to use the platform to send segmented emails for more targeted messages, build automated triggered emails based on customer behavior, review product and channel reports to quickly determine ROI, attribute revenue to specific marketing actions, optimize your retargeting campaigns across the web and social, and more.
Don't have time to sift through your analytics reports to determine ROI and and identify opportunities for improvement? Our Nightly and Weekly emails are sent straight to your inbox as an easy-to-read digest of how your marketing is performing. We're also here to take the guesswork out of marketing strategy by giving you data-driven marketing recommendations based on key focal points like SEO, triggered emails, and social media.
What does this look like for your store? Schedule a 30 minute demo with our eCommerce experts here!
Features
Automate
Triggered Emails 
Set up one-and-done automation rules based on customer interactions to generate revenue from shoppers when they interact with your site. You can create, automatically send, and track the performance and revenue data for your triggered emails which include:

Abandoned Cart Emails - Encourage shoppers to return to your site to purchase items left in their cart.
Welcome Emails - Make a great first impression by welcoming new customers to your store family.
After-Purchase Emails - Encourage reviews and repeat business after purchases with timely messages
Anniversary Emails - Send this email annually to customers one year after their first purchase to encourage loyalty 
Win-Back Emails - Entice customers who haven’t made a purchase in a while to return to your store
Behavioral Triggers - Target shoppers who haven’t opened previous emails with a custom message

Advanced Retargeting Insights
Run dynamic and static ads on the web, mobile, Facebook, and Instagram through your Springbot dashboard with the included AdRoll credit, and gain a deeper understanding of which ads are directly leading to sales with your Springbot’s AdRoll analytics.
Personalize
Customer Segments 
Get to know your customer base with our pre-built customer segments -- including insights like gender, age, household information, location, and much more.
Custom Segments 
Create your own customized customer segments to implement highly personalized marketing campaigns that fit the needs of your marketing campaigns.
RFM Segments 
Ever wonder who your best customers are? Or which customers might be at risk for leaving? RFM segments lets you know who these key groups are, and more importantly, target them with specific messaging and offers.
Trackable Emails 
Instead of sending email blasts to all of your customers, use your Springbot Customer Segments to personalize your email marketing (which leads to higher conversion rates!).
Social
Social Hub 
Gain more control over the content, timing, and reporting of every action you take across your social channels. Social Hub includes:

Mobile Access - Post to social on the go and even access your reporting. 
Social Recommendations - Use our Idea Hub for recommendations and templates for what to post and when. 
Powerful Analytics - Find out how each social channel is performing, and drill down deeper to determine conversions, ROI, and more. 
Calendar - Quickly schedule all of your social posts from Springbot for the day, week, or month and get recommendations for content to post based on your store’s data.

Shoppable Instagram 
Easily transform your Instagram account into a social storefront that drives social engagement and sales. Create a shoppable landing page to add to your profile’s bio section with your images and featured products to reduce the amount of steps to checkout from Instagram.
Trackable Links
View the performance of links you share through email, social, web, mobile, blogs and more by creating trackable links from your Springbot dashboard. We’ll also automatically make all links trackable in the email campaigns and social posts you create through Springbot.
Analyze
Revenue and ROI Tracking 
View exactly how much traffic, conversions, and revenue are generated from your marketing campaigns and the marketing actions you take. 
Product Conversion Reports
Track the performance of every product in your store’s catalog based on views, sales, abandoned carts, conversions and more.
Marketing Channel Reports 
See how each marketing channel (email, social, online, retargeting, etc.) is performing in real-time.
Promo Codes 
Promo Code feature removes the manual process of pulling coupon code data and calculating the value of each promo code. Merchants can generate a Promo Codes report to monitor and track the performance of codes using five key metrics: total revenue, orders generated, cost to marketers, average order value, and return on investment. 
Unique Coupon Codes 
Take your discount strategy one step further by adding and tracking unique coupon codes through Springbot. Upload a list of bulk discount codes generated in the backend of your store and we’ll pull a Unique Coupon Code into each of the triggered emails you choose.
Amazon
Amazon Essential 
With Amazon Essential by Springbot, you can list, sell, and track your products on Amazon using real-time inventory and shipping information.
Match, Publish, & Optimize 
Within your Springbot Dashboard, choose the products you want to sell on Amazon and quickly match them to existing listings on Amazon to save time on listing creation. Review and edit your listed Amazon products with reports on total orders, total revenue, total units sold and the status of the winning “Amazon Buy Now” products. 
Order & Ship Sync 
Springbot will auto sync your Amazon inventory with your store’s inventory for streamlined logistics. Following the purchase, shipping and tracking information is automatically synced with Amazon to keep consumers abreast on the status of their orders.
Marketing Recommendations
Our dashboard addresses many eCommerce problem areas you might be facing by integrating your marketing channels directly into our platform, leveraging your data in real-time, and monitoring marketing actions. 
It then probes your data (customer, product, purchase, social, etc) for hidden insights so the springbots (your very own army of marketing robots) can help you understand not just the revenue generated but actually who purchased and what they purchased so we can automate the recommendations of what marketing actions you should take next.
Service and Support from Springbot

Plug-in activation
Onboarding and training
Daily activity reports
Continued support

Overall Benefits:

Integrates all of your multichannel marketing tools into a single dashboard
Automate marketing actions through triggered emails, scheduled social postings, and more
Understand the ROI of your marketing through customer demographics, purchase behavior, and marketing channel revenue attribution
Receive tailored marketing recommendations from the springbots on SEO, email optimization, social media, and other areas of your marketing strategy
Schedule 5 types of triggered emails to automatically send to customers and generate revenue, and add Springbot's Unique Coupon Codes to encourage more sales
Ready to see Springbot in action? Schedule a 30 minute demo with our eCommerce experts here!




Springbot reviews


17 reviews






Write a Review

 





5 stars (10 reviews)






4 stars (3 reviews)






3 stars (2 reviews)






                2 stars (0 reviews)
              





1 star (2 reviews)


 




We have been using Springbot for over and year and are quite happy with the ROI that we have seen with the remarekting emails.  We also like that the Adroll remarketing ads are included with a subscription. 

Magicsleepsuit
posted June 30, 2017  3:29pm










Worst app ever. Complete waste of money. When I used this app it seems that it was a beta version full of glitches and nothing worked correctly. Support was no help. I am not willing to pay $300 to be a beta tester for you poor software. Stay away from springbot. They promised the world but in the end was over a $1000 mistake. Don't waste your time.

Ctsounds
posted May 10, 2017  6:41am










Makes data-driven marketing easy. Great interface. Nice integration with Mailchimp, and remarketing ads are included with a subscription. Nice! 

Inspirationsdw
posted April 25, 2017 12:20pm










We signed up last year and it's a good program. You get out of it what you put into it. Unfortunately, we weren't able to put much in so we are taking a break. They have great customer service.

Www Annbeesnaturals Com
posted January 31, 2017  5:49pm










We really tried hard to make SprinBot work for us but we just couldn't. It was full of glitches and inaccurate data. Customer support on their end was awful and overall a complete waste of time and money for us.  

Worldwide Cyclery
posted November  7, 2016  7:44pm










Springbot is a great product with lots of marketing tools and analytics. Also, just as important is the great customer support you receive. Overall, I love this product. 5 Stars!

Digital Supply Usa
posted October 10, 2016  6:57pm










Had a misunderstanding but they fix the problem right away. So good customer service. 

Upper Class Boutique 2
posted July 29, 2016  2:15pm










We want to make sure other people thinking of utilizing Springbot should most definitely give it a try. We are always amazed at the level of interest and support we have received from this very bright and energetic crew. We have worked with Michael  on our Amazon seller account and could not be more impressed with his level of knowledge of the platform and tenacity to get us completely set up and utilizing features that suit our business most equitably. He has taken all the frustration out of learning a new program and actually made it an enjoyable experience.
We have also had the pleasure of working with Kori on our Ad rolls campaign  and she too is very creative and helpful sorting out the best way to reach our target audience. She is extremely responsive and supportive of our brand.
This team has been a great addition to our staff in both personality and qualifications.
Riza Chase-Gilpin, founder/CEO
Tumblewood Teas, LLC

Tumblewoodteas
posted May  9, 2016  5:50pm










Springbot has been such an important tool in our early stages in analyzing our customer sets and data. This app makes data that might otherwise be somewhat unwieldy on Google Analytics quite simple and easy to digest.
We've been able to identify really important customer buckets through this app and also analyze our email marketing performance through the trackable links. 
Thumbs up!

Aella Co
posted April 13, 2016 11:28pm










Springbot is impressive! We visited their offices and were surprised by the knowledge base of the staff! The app is user friendly and loaded with analytics and useful tools. Support has been accessible and responsive thus far and we're looking forward to working with them!

Scripted Simplicity
posted March 31, 2016 10:45pm







 
« Newer 1 2 Older »
 

 

Get




Price
From $299.00 / month


No contracts. Monthly pricing.
Springbot’s pricing is based on the number of contacts you have in your Shopify online store and newsletter. We have pricing that starts at $299 per month. 





Support & Sales



Developer
Springbot


Phone
404-487-0041


Email

marketing@springbot.com



Website
springbot.com



Get Support


Screenshots








Integrations



Amazon


Mailchimp


Twitter


Google Analytics


AdRoll


Facebook


Constant Contact


Instagram


Hootsuite


Pinterest


TowerData


Fliptop




 








Are you a developer? Become a Shopify partner or submit your app.
 
 
 












Springbot Inc - Developer Profile - Magento Connect










































































JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
                    You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.                


















Springbot Inc
Springbot delivers an eCommerce marketing platform that combines big data, predictive analytics, channel integration and marketing mix optimization. You can contact us at support@springbot.com or by phone at 404.477.3415.


DeveloperSpringbot Inc

Developer Info




Email


Support





Extensions by this Developer (1)












Springbot


                                All-in-one marketing automation and analytics for email, social, retargeting, & more.                            


FREE





                                                                        4925                                
Popularity Score












Reviews



Currently there are no reviews for this developer.Please include your feedback on this Developer in your extension review.



















About Us
Careers
Press Room
Leadership
 


Get in touch
Here's how to contact Magento.We'd love to hear from you!
Contact Us




Stay Connected






































Get the latest news
See Magento in the news, find press  releases and resources for media.




















            Please submit a valid email.        

            Thank you for submitting your email.        












Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
License/Trademark FAQ
 
© 2017 Magento, Inc. All rights reserved.






        In order to upload extension, you must be logged in to the Magento Community. Click here to
        login
        or register.    
Close



Register


* Required Fields

*First Name



*Last Name



*Email Address




*                My Company Primarily            
Select OptionIs a merchant who sells onlineDevelops Magento extensionsProvides deployment, customization and integration services to merchantsTech PartnerAnalyst/Media 


*                My Role            
Select OptionBusiness/sales/marketing/merchandisingTechnical/developer 

*Screen Name

Screen Name length must be between 4 and 15 characters length.


*Password



*Confirm Password


Submit
Close window




Forgot Your Password?
Please enter your email below and we'll send you a new password.
* Required Fields

*Email


Submit
Close window



Login
To upload extension you must be logged in.
* Required Fields

*Email



*Password


Login

Forgot Password?
New User?        Register


Close window



You are using an outdated browser

        We built Magento Connect using the latest techniques and technologies.
        This makes Magento Connect faster and easier to use.
        Unfortunately, your browser doesn't support those technologies.
        Use the links below to download a new browser or upgrade your existing browser.    



Internet Explorer
Version 9+



Mozilla Firefox
Version 7+



Google Chrome
Version 14+



Apple Safari
Version 5+












Springbot, Inc. - Select Technology Partner / Magento

































































Magento
Partners


Go toMagento.com




My Account








JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
                    You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.                






Technology Partners

















 Springbot, Inc.

United States
Contact Partner














Company
Locations
Products & Services
Videos
Certifications
Contact









                                                    Company                                                

                                                    Springbot streamlines the process of automating, analyzing, and personalizing your store's marketing campaigns through an all-in-one platform and data-driven marketing recommendations. As a Magento Select Technology Partner, we have built a reputation for having a solid and easy integration with the Magento platform.                                                     

                                                            Visit Company Website                                                        









                                        Locations                                    






Springbot Headquarters 
                                                                1201 Peachtree St. NE 
Building 400, Suite 400
                                                                Atlanta, Georgia 30361
                                                                United States                                                            















                                                        Products                                                    

Springbot
Springbot streamlines the process of automating, analyzing, and personalizing your store's marketing campaigns through an all-in-one platform and data-driven marketing recommendations. As a Magento Select Technology Partner, we have built a reputation for having a solid and easy integration with the Magento platform. 








                                            Videos                                        









Springbot Success Stories - Better Way Health 

Watch Reggie and Steven from Better Way Health discuss how they used Springbot to double their Black Friday sales year-over-year.

Watch Video











Springbot Helps Online Retailers Unite Their Marketing

When you connect all of your marketing channels and integrate your data, you have a more cohesive and holistic view of your customers and can provide them with a more personalized experience. Springbot unites all of your favorite marketing channels to one intuitive dashboard and provides you with custom reports and actionable insights.

Watch Video











                                                    Certifications                                                


                                                        Experienced Magento professionals can validate their real-world skills by earning a Magento Certification. Magento Certification Exams are geared toward professionals who want to differentiate themselves from the competition with the ultimate Magento credential.                                                    



x1



                                                                        Certified Developer                                                                    
                                                                    Magento developers who achieve this certification have demonstrated a thorough understanding of Magento's architectural concepts and the ability to customize Magento according to best practices.                                                                












                                                Contact Partner                                            





First Name





Last Name







Email Address





Phone







Company





Role


- Please select role -
Merchant
Consultant Representing a Merchant
Agency Representing a Merchant
Hosting Partner
Technology Partner
Solution Partner
Consultant
Other






Please provide us with a description of your need or project.



Please click checkbox below to submit this inquiry.
 


                                                        Submit                                                    
 Required Fields


















© 2017 Magento, Inc. All rights reserved.



Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
License/Trademark FAQ
 


























