


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft



















Electronic Data Interchange (EDI) Outsourcing & Services | Edict Systems





























































(800) 443-3428|solutions@edictsystems.com












  














Home

Home














WE DO EDI
SO YOU DON’T HAVE TO
Our Cloud-based Electronic Data Interchange and Managed Services Help Buyers and Suppliers Lower Costs and Maximize the Value of EDI








WHAT CAN WE DO
FOR YOU?





Outsource Supply Chain EDI Operations

Outsource Supply Chain Connectivity

Maximize Supplier Participation

Outsource Customer EDI Operations

Quickly Get Compliant with WebEDI

Integrate Customer EDI




BUYER EDI SERVICES




  OUTSOURCED EDI
Full outsourcing of all aspects of EDI including data mapping, integration, community connectivity, supplier support, project management, and EDI coordinator services.
Learn More



  CLOUD-BASED SOLUTIONS
Choose the outsourced EDI solution including community connectivity and data mapping that fits your needs to maximize the value of your EDI investment.
Learn More



  ADD TRADING PARTNERS
Maximize supplier EDI participation with EDI-enabling and onboarding programs, testing and certification, and fax and email conversion to EDI.
Learn More



Buyer EDI Services Overview



SUPPLIER EDI SERVICES




  OUTSOURCED EDI
Fully outsource EDI connectivity, data mapping, integration, and customer EDI support.
Learn More



  WEB EDI
The fastest and most cost-effective way to become EDI compliant with your customers.
Learn More



  INTEGRATED EDI
Integrate EDI and streamline business processes with cloud-based data mapping.
Learn More



Supplier EDI Services Overview



WE CONNECT THOUSANDS OF SUPPLIERS TO THE WORLD’S LARGEST BUYERS




Partial Representation of Supported Trading Partners




Edict Systems maintains and supports the EDI specifications of an extensive network of Retail, Grocery, Healthcare, Automotive, and other industry buyers for thousands of suppliers. Buyers rely on us to EDI-enable, onboard, manage, and support their suppliers.




ABOUT EDICT SYSTEMS
Edict Systems has been providing EDI services since 1990 and today works with thousands of businesses of all sizes to lower costs, increase efficiencies, and maximize the value of EDI.
Whether your needs are full or partial EDI outsourcing, our technology is cloud-based so you don’t have to maintain in-house EDI systems and we provide complete, managed EDI services to support your internal functional and trading community needs.





25+ Years in the EDI Business

6,000+ Active Customers Supported

30,000+ Trading Relationships Maintained

28,000,000+ EDI Transactions Processed Annually

$10,000,000,000+ in B2B Electronic Commerce Processed Annually




EDI IS EASY AND LESS EXPENSIVE WHEN WE DO IT FOR YOU
HERE’S HOW YOU GET STARTED




Contact us and we’ll provide a no-obligation Managed EDI Services Assessment so we can learn more about your needs and help you determine which of our EDI services is right for your business.
CONTACT US





 
 

 
 
 
 






















EDI solutions & compliance, ERP integration, POS analytics


























































 





















 



















LOGIN
Contact
Blog
Support
Careers
 



Select Page


  
 
 












SPS Commerce /  Products 




Home » Products






EDI solutions and beyond.
Smart supply chain solutions for every segment of retail. EDI compliance, vendor EDI onboarding, ERP integration, product content management, sales analytics and more.
 
 
 
 



Solutions for retail organizations:
 
 
 





Vendor onboarding
Onboard vendors for EDI, item management or analytics programs

 
 
 




EDI outsourcing
Let us handle the hardware, software and ongoing maintenance

 
 
 




Retail analytics
Point of sale analytics, category management, planogram services and vendor compliance

 
 
 
 



P

Sourcing
Find and new vendors, add products to grow assortment, expand fulfillment capabilities

 
 
 




Grocery solutions
Improve orders and inventory with EDI and advanced ship notice (ASN)

 
 
 




Item management 
Manage product information, including item descriptions, dimensions and shipping criteria

 
 
 
 





Distributor solutions
Increase accuracy and gain visibility across the supply chain

 
 
 


/

System integration
Integrate EDI operations or product content with your PIM or MDM

 
 
 


R

Vendor compliance
Monitor vendor performance and compliance

 
 
 
 


Solutions for suppliers and brands:
 
 
 



R

EDI compliance
EDI compliance to streamline and manage orders, shipments, payments and returns.

 
 
 


/

Integrate EDI with ERP 
Automated EDI document flow. Streamlined order fulfillment. Ongoing compliance.

 
 
 




EDI Outsourcing
Let us handle the hardware, software and ongoing maintenance.

 
 
 
 





Connect with more retailers
Showcase your products, fulfillment and technology capabilities with a rich profile.

 
 
 




Improve sales with POS data
Optimize your product performance across all sales channels.

 
 
 




Manage item attributes
Get stronger sales by giving consumers the product details they need.

 
 
 
 


Solutions for logistics companies and carriers:
 
 
 





Connect with more partners
Showcase your capabilities and geographic coverage to find more trading partners.

 
 
 




EDI outsourcing
Let us handle the hardware, software and ongoing maintenance.

 
 
 


P

Expand your logistics business
Simplify your operations and streamline your supply chain.

 
 
 
 
 



Products at a glance:
 
 
 



=

Fulfillment (EDI)
Streamline and manage orders, shipments, payments and returns. Strengthen your existing relationships and easily integrate new partners with our fulfillment solutions.

 
 

=

Sourcing
Find the right digital retail partners and products in the industry’s leading sourcing community.

 
 

=

Community
Ensure rapid vendor onboarding, compliance and change management with proven community development strategies.

 
 
 


=

Assortment
Meet consumers’ growing demand to access more product information across all shopping channels. 

 
 

=

Analytics
Drive sell-through velocity, improve margins and enhance customer loyalty with insight into sales and inventory data.

 
 
 
 
 




Not sure which solution you need? We can help.
Our retail experts will help you find the best solutions for your business.

Contact us 

 
 
 
  
 
 


                Contact Sales            


 
 
 
 


English

简体中文

繁體中文

Français

Español

Australia


























EDI software and solutions | Fulfillment | SPS Commerce






























































 





















 



















LOGIN
Contact
Blog
Support
Careers
 



Select Page


  
 
 












SPS Commerce / Products /  Fulfillment (EDI) 




Home » Products » Fulfillment (EDI)






Fulfillment.
EDI services and compliance plus complete order and shipment visibility.
 
Get EDI capable  LOGIN
 
 



 
 
 



The smarter way to do EDI.
The SPS platform of solutions goes beyond EDI to provide more visibility, analytics, collaboration and communication so you can do more than just survive in today’s digital retail world — you can thrive.
 


 
 
 



Easier and more cost-effective than traditional EDI software.
All you need is one connection to the SPS network and your business can enjoy these features:
 
 
 


EDI compliance
Our testing process is fast, simple and will ensure you are ready to exchange data with your retail partners.
 
 

Fulfillment visibility
Complete visibility into order and shipment status and real-time audits.
 
 

No software needed
Manage orders, shipments, payments and returns from one easy-to-use web dashboard. All you need is a browser.
 
 
 


Future-proofed EDI
Automatically adapts to all your retailers’ current and future needs including spec changes and updates.
 
 

Built-in messaging
Notify a co-worker on a specific transaction to quickly communicate a delay or change in order fulfillment.
 
 

Fast implementation
Our expert implementation team will have you up-and-running with your EDI system in days.
 
 
 


Retail’s largest network
Become EDI capable with all your retail customers, including Amazon, Walmart, Costco, SHOP.com and more.
 
 

Integrated with ERP
Our Integrated solutions allow you to access your EDI data from within your ERP, WMS or TMS.
 
 

Manage large order volume
Our world-class data center can handle all your seasonal or holiday order spikes.
 
 
 



 
 
 
 




“
Our drop-ship orders are processed more quickly and without the errors of a manual system.

 
 

“
Our daily order volume used to take up to 3 hours. This entire process is now accomplished in seconds.

 
 
 
 



70,000+ retail partners at your fingertips.
Connect once to the industry’s largest network and achieve seamless collaboration with all the trading partners you do business with, now and in the future.
 
 
 



 
 
 
 




Ready to reimagine your EDI? 
Discover the technology trusted with processing millions of transactions for tens of thousands of customers worldwide.

Get EDI capable

 
 
 
  
 
 


                Contact Sales            


 
 
 
 


English

简体中文

繁體中文

Français

Español

Australia



























POS Analytics for Brands and Retailers | SPS Commerce




























































 





















 



















LOGIN
Contact
Blog
Support
Careers
 



Select Page


  
 
 












SPS Commerce / Products /  Analytics 




Home » Products » Analytics






Analytics for retailers and suppliers.
Use intuitive dashboards to get immediate visibility into sales and inventory.
 


Get my free demo

 
 
 




 
 
 
 



Meaningful intelligence.
Make data-driven changes to inventory levels, merchandising, pricing and product lineups.
 
 
 





For buyers:
Improve sales velocity, balance inventory levels and enhance fulfillment performance.
Analytics for retailers

 
 
 




For suppliers and brands:
Track product performance to identify opportunities with retailers.
Analytics for suppliers

 
 
 
 
 




Turn data into insights.
Learn how to use retail analytics in your business.

Get my free demo

 
 
 
  
 
 


                Contact Sales            


 
 
 
 


English

简体中文

繁體中文

Français

Español

Australia


























Product Information Management (PIM) Integrations | SPS Commerce
































































 





















 



















LOGIN
Contact
Blog
Support
Careers
 



Select Page


  
 
 












SPS Commerce / Products / EDI integrations for ERPs, PIMs, WMS, TMS, and MDMs /  Product Information Management (PIM) Integrations 




Home » Products » EDI integrations for ERPs, PIMs, WMS, TMS, and MDMs » Product Information Management (PIM) Integrations






PIM and MDM integration
Find the solutions and expertise you need to integrate with leading product information management (PIM) and master data management (MDM) systems.
 


Get started today

 


+


 
 
 
 
 




+

Seamlessly exchange data with your retail partners.

 
 
 


i

Eliminate the manual data entry of product information.

 
 
 




Rapidly add new trading partners and scale for future growth.

 
 
 
 
 



Supply more product data across all shopping channels.
Automate and streamline how you manage the skyrocketing volume of product information and related complexity, by integrating your PIM or MDM system with the SPS Commerce Assortment solution. Simply connect once to the SPS network and access product information across your entire vendor community. Our Assortment solution can be integrated with these popular PIM and MDM systems:
 
 
 



ADM Software
 

EnterWorks
 

Informatica
 

Oracle Commerce ATG
 

SAP Hybris
 
 


Agility Multichannel
 

IBM WebSphere
 

inRiver
 

Riversand Technologies
 

Stibo Systems
 
 
 
 




Streamline. Collaborate. Thrive.
SPS Commerce can empower your business to smoothly manage and exchange accurate, consistent product information with trading partners, now and into the future.

CONTACT US TODAY

 
 
 
  
 
 


                Contact Sales            


 
 
 
 


English


























Sourcing for retailers | SPS Commerce






















































 





















 



















LOGIN
Contact
Blog
Support
Careers
 



Select Page


  
 
 












SPS Commerce / Products / Sourcing /  Sourcing for retailers 




Home » Products » Sourcing » Sourcing for retailers






Sourcing for retailers.
Find, evaluate and onboard high-quality suppliers and brands.
 


Find quality vendors

 
 
 



Accelerated assortment discovery.
Our sourcing network does the work for you, with supplier information and capabilities validated, curated and consolidated. You’ll quickly go to market with new product assortment and fulfillment capabilities.
 
 
 





Expand your assortment
Sourcing through SPS Commerce is a powerful solution for retailers seeking to significantly grow their assortment. Gain access to more than 35 million UPCs.

 
 
 


P

Find, evaluate and onboard suppliers.
The SPS retail network has over 70,000 vendors, brands and carriers. Significantly reduce cost and time of vendor discovery and acquisition.

 
 
 


1

Diversify your fulfillment capabilities
Leverage validated vendors with diverse capabilities and fulfillment models.

 
 
 
 
 





 

Discover.
Filter by categories, fulfillment model, location or technical capabilities. You can search and browse by company or by item.
 
 
 
 



Review qualified vendors.
Quickly learn about a potential partner by viewing their company profile. See capabilities, geographic markets, company stats or item catalog.
 
 




 
 
 






 

Track progress
Visit your campaign dashboard at any time to see the status of your Sourcing program.
 
 
 
 



How it works:
SPS Commerce sourcing is an end-to-end source to fulfill solution.
 
 
 



e

Your dedicated strategist 
will help you define target markets and channels, the assortment expansion roadmap and the ideal vendor profile specifics. 

 
 
 




A tailored high-touch project 
is then kicked off. Retailers see fast and high quality results due to SPS’s reach to a massive number of validated vendors. 

 
 
 


Z

Once you’ve accepted a qualified vendor, 
SPS will test, certify, and onboard the vendor to compliance with your unique requirements and policies. 

 
 
 
 
 




{

SPS Commerce introduced us to qualified vendors that we didn’t know existed but were a perfect fit for our merchandising strategy. The solution has streamlined our sourcing process by relying on SPS to identify and pre-screen vendors.
—Eddie Alberty, Vice President of Strategic Partnerships at SHOP.COM
E-commerce retailer SHOP.COM increased year-to-date orders and revenue over 45% since launching a sourcing program with SPS Commerce.

 
 
 
 
 




Quickly go to market with new products and fulfillment capabilities.
Our retail strategists are ready to help you develop a comprehensive and actionable sourcing plan.

Start your sourcing program!

 
 
 
  
 
 


                Contact Sales            


 
 
 
 


English

Australia


























Assortment for Retailers | SPS Commerce


















































 





















 



















LOGIN
Contact
Blog
Support
Careers
 



Select Page


  
 
 












SPS Commerce / Products / Assortment /  Assortment for Retailers 




Home » Products » Assortment » Assortment for Retailers






Assortment for retailers.
Better item information, stronger sales and happier customers.
 


Get started today

 
 
 



Drive higher sales with robust product information.
Assortment from SPS Commerce is an item management solution that gives retailers the scale and agility they need to exponentially expand their product assortments.
 
 
 


Capture incremental sales by quickly launching new in-season products.
 
 

Reduce returns because consumers have more information before the purchase.
 
 

Boost online conversion rates with complete, accurate product information.
 
 
 


Increase customer satisfaction when products match the online descriptions.
 
 

Launch new products in days rather than weeks/months.
 
 

Quickly onboard new vendors and products.
 
 
 
 



How it works:
Here’s what to expect with your SPS Assortment project.
 
 
 





SPS partners with you to define and develop a cohesive plan.

 
 
 


R

We train and onboard your vendors to meet your item attribute and content requirements.

 
 
 




We get your vendors up-and-running with the Assortment solution.

 
 
 




Your business has access to all of your vendors’ product catalogs.

 
 
 
 



Suppliers on-boarded annually

 

%
Adoption rate

 


Vendor on-boarding specialists

 
 
 




Assortment is your secret weapon to driving item discoverability, sales and customer satisfaction. 

Take the first step

 
 
 
  
 
 


                Contact Sales            


 
 
 
 


English



























Contact | SPS Commerce


















































 





















 



















LOGIN
Contact
Blog
Support
Careers
 



Select Page


  
 
 












SPS Commerce / Products /  Contact 




Home » Products » Contact






Get started with SPS Commerce.
If you’d like information about how to connect to the SPS Commerce network, please complete the information below and we will contact you shortly.

     
* Denotes required information











 
 



 
 
 
  
 
 


                Contact Sales            


 
 
 
 


English


























About SPS Commerce | EDI Provider | Supply Chain Technology




























































 





















 



















LOGIN
Contact
Blog
Support
Careers
 



Select Page


  
 
 












SPS Commerce /  About us 




Home » About us






About SPS Commerce.
The largest retail-focused community in the world with a network of more than 70,000 vendors, distributors, retailers and logistics partners.
 
 
 
 






We're completely in the cloud.

 
 
 




We're the largest retail network.

 
 
 




We're the omnichannel retail experts.

 
 
 




We're transforming the retail supply chain.

 
 
 
 
 



We provide EDI services and additional retail-focused solutions for:
Retailers
Vendors
Brands
Distributors
3PLs and carriers
Grocers and food retailers

 
 

Our story:
Decades ago, retail companies needed a better way to send and receive orders and fulfillment updates. Faxing print-outs back and forth just wasn’t cutting it. The industry looked to EDI, or electronic data interchange, to eliminate manual errors and simplify these transactions.
The right EDI solution will strengthen your supply chain and provide seamless communication between you and all of your retail partners. It’s no wonder retailers have embraced this format, and EDI has become a fixture in retail.
SPS is the industry leader because we do EDI differently.

SPS was the pioneer in cloud-based EDI, redefining and productively disrupting the market that was traditionally served by on-premise software providers.
Instead of managing a mess of one-to-one connections with different data formats and standards, you only need to connect once to the SPS network. Then we handle the maintenance, maps and spec changes for you.
Whether you’re a retailer, supplier or 3PL, our time-tested process ensures your onboarding experience will be streamlined and pain-free.
Best of all, the process to connect with more retail partners is quick and simple.


Beyond EDI.


Even with the efficiency and operational benefits of EDI, today’s retail partners face new challenges.
With pricing, product information and competitor options at their fingertips, consumers expect more. It takes a new level of collaboration and supply chain efficiency to satisfy today’s digital customer.
Our customers have changed. Order fulfillment needed to evolve too.
The SPS platform and suite of solutions go beyond EDI to provide more visibility, analytics, collaboration and communication so you can do more than just survive in today’s digital retail world — you can thrive.
Whether you need an intuitive reporting dashboard to help you monitor inventory levels at the store level, or you need to find more qualified retail partners, or you want more, or you seek a better way to manage and share product information, we’ve got the tools to help.
And with 24/7 support, you can get help any time you need it. We are dedicated to your ongoing retail success.
The power of retail’s largest network.
We’ve earned the trust of customers around the globe with a network 70,000 strong (and growing). Connect with SPS today and see how your business can grow and thrive in today’s exciting, evolving retail world.

 
 
 
 






Browse our network

 
 
 


i

Read the SPS blog

 
 
 




Explore our solutions

 
 
 


w

Contact SPS

 
 
 
 
 




Learn how we can perfect your trading partner relationships.

Contact us

 
 
 
  
 
 


                Contact Sales            


 
 
 
 


English

简体中文

繁體中文

Français

Español

Australia


























EDI Compliance | EDI Provider | SPS Commerce




































































 





















 



















LOGIN
Contact
Blog
Support
Careers
 



Select Page


  
 
 












SPS Commerce / Home 




Home







Click, pick, pack and ship.
Whether you buy, sell, make or move products, our cloud-based solutions help you manage the entire lifecycle of a retail purchase.
LEARN MORE GET STARTED
 
 




 
 


 
 


Click, pick, pack
and ship.
Whether you buy, sell, make or move products, our cloud-based solutions help you manage the entire lifecycle of a retail purchase.
LEARN MORE
 



 
 
 



Integrate your EDI services with your ERP or other business system:

 
 
 
 



We’re in the business of making your consumers happy.
Imagine a world without empty shelves. Without late orders. Without shipping mistakes. Without piles of e-commerce returns.
The right technology makes it happen.
 
 
 


FULFILLMENT
 

Electronically exchange purchase orders, invoices, advance ship notices and more.
LEARN MORE   
 
 

ANALYTICS
 

Intuitive reporting tools provide visibility into sales and inventory. Find out what’s selling!
LEARN MORE   
 
 

SOURCING
 

Find, evaluate and onboard new partners that offer your desired products and services.
LEARN MORE   
 
 
 


COMMUNITY
 

Onboard your vendor community with EDI, item management or analytics.
LEARN MORE   
 
 

ASSORTMENT
 

Manage product details, including descriptions and shipping information.
LEARN MORE   
 
 

EDI TESTING
 

Achieve EDI compliance quickly with our proven process.
LEARN MORE   
 
 
 
 




Ready to experience infinite retail power?
Whether you’re ready to get started or have a few questions first, an SPS expert will be happy to help.

Contact SPS Commerce

 
 
 
  
 
 


                Contact Sales            


 
 
 
 


English

简体中文

繁體中文

Français

Español

Australia



















Oppenheimer Initiates Coverage on SPS Commerce, Inc. (SPSC) With A Rating Of "Outperform" - Highlight Press

























































Highlight PressBreaking Tech News, Entertainment, Mortgages and More
Oppenheimer Initiates Coverage on SPS Commerce, Inc. (SPSC) With A Rating Of “Outperform”
July 21, 2017 By Clarence Martin Tweet        Advertisement





SPS Commerce, Inc. (NASDAQ:SPSC). 
  On September 27 analysts at First Analysis began coverage giving it an initial rating of “Overweight”. July 24 investment analysts at Stifel Nicolaus kept the company rating at “Buy” but raised the price target from $80.00 to $85.00.
 On July 24 Canaccord Genuity held the stock rating at “Buy” and moved up the price target  to $83.00 from $80.00.
 The company is so far trading up by 0.25% since yesterday’s close of $59.74.  The stock last traded at $59.89 a tad below $61.28, the 50 day moving average and a bit lower than the 200 day moving average of $60.45.  The 50 day moving average was down $-1.39 or -2.27% whereas the 200 day moving average was down $-0.56 or -0.92%. 





 SPS Commerce, Inc., launched on April 17, 2001, is a provider of cloud-based supply chain management solutions, providing network-proven fulfillment, sourcing and item assortment management solutions, along with retail performance analytics. The Company provides its solutions through the SPS Commerce platform, a cloud-based product suite that manages the way suppliers, retailers, distributors and logistics firms orchestrate the sourcing, set up of new vendors and items, and fulfillment of products that customers buy from retailers and suppliers. The Fulfillment solution provides fulfillment automation and replaces or augments an organization’s existing trading partner electronic communication infrastructure, enabling suppliers to have visibility into the journey of an order and comply with retailers’ rule books and enabling the electronic exchange of information among various trading partners through various protocols.. 
 The P/E ratio is 136.11 and the market cap of the company is 1.03B.  In the last earnings report the EPS was $0.44 and is expected to be $0.85 for the current year with 17,192,000 shares presently outstanding.  Next quarter’s EPS is expected be $0.20 and the next full year EPS is projected to be $1.05. 






         Advertisement






         Advertisement






 

Mortgage Rate Updates
Mortgage Rates Looking Better at HSBC, Quicken Friday Jul 21, 2017 … [Read More...]Friday’s Rates for Home Mortgages at US Bank, Chase Bank Jul 21, 2017US BankcorpThe benchmark 30 year loan interest rates are 3.875% at  yielding an APR of … [Read More...]Commerce Bank, BMO Harris Bank: Interest Rates for Home Mortgages Jul 21, 2017Commerce BankThe benchmark 30 year loan interest rates are coming out at 4.000% at Commerce … [Read More...]Bank of America, BB&T: Friday’s  Mortgage Rates  Jul 21, 2017BB&T Bank30 year FRMs are available starting at 4% at BB&T Corp. (NYSE:BBT) today carrying … [Read More...]
Sports
Lonzo Ball’s Latest Footwear Has Well and Truly FloppedHere’s a question – would all the social media hype and celebrity endorsements in the world encourage you to spend $500 on a pair of basketball … [Read More...]Super Bowl Winners to Pocket $107,000 Per Player – Tax-Free!It’s long been known that the tax returns of professional athletes are just about as complex as it gets. This is because not only do they have to pay … [Read More...]
Top News
Business
Technology
Sports
Entertainment
Life
Mortgages
Also In the News…

About Us
Writers
Advertise With Us
Contact Us

 Reuters: Technology News
Half of German companies hit by sabotage, spying in last two years, BSI saysPrivate equity bid for Paysafe stokes payments M&A boomArista loses bid to lift import ban in Cisco battle

 Highlight Press is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com.







SPS Commerce Announces Date of Second Quarter 2017 Financial Results | 4-Traders















































































 




Log in






E-mail



Password







Remember




Forgot password ?









Become a member for free
Sign up





Sign up




New memberSign up for FREE


New customerDiscover our portfolios












 United States
 United Kingdom
 France
 Deutschland
 Schweiz (DE)
 Suisse (FR)










Settings

            Dynamic quotes 


OFFON








 








Markets
Equities
North AmericaEuropeAsiaOceaniaMiddle East� More Equities

Indexes
DOW JONESS&P 500NASDAQ 100TSX COMPFTSE 100� More Indexes

Currency / Forex
EUR / USDGBP / USDUSD / JPYUSD / CADAUD / USD� More Currencies

Commodities
GOLDCrude Oil (WTI)Crude Oil (BRENT)SILVERPLATINUM� More Commodities


 News
Latest News
CompaniesMarketsEconomyCurrency / ForexCommoditiesInterest RatesBusiness LeadersFinancial calendarEconomic calendar

Listed company
Analyst reco.RumorsIPOsCapital Markets TransactionsNew ContractsProfits warningsAppointmentsPress ReleasesEventsCorporate actions

Sector News
EnergyBasic MaterialsIndustrialsConsumer CyclicalConsumer Non-CyclicalFinancialsHealthcareTechnologyTelecommunications ServicesUtilities


 Analysis
All AnalysisCommentariesIndex AnalysisStock Trading StrategiesCommodity AnalysisForex Analysis

 Stock Picks
All stock picks

 Portfolios
My Portfolio
Virtual portfolios
4-Traders Portfolios
European PortfolioUSA PortfolioAsian Portfolio


 Screeners
Market Screener HomeFundamental Analyse
Top Investor RatingTop Trading RatingTop ConsensusGrowth stocksYield stocksLow valuations

Technical Analysis
Oversold stocksOverbought stocksClose to resistancesClose to supportsAccumulation phaseMost volatile stocks


 Watchlists
My Watchlists
Watchlists
Top Lists
Yield stocksGrowth stocksUndervalued Stocks


 Top / Flop
Top News
Most Read NewsHot News

Top Fundamentals
Top CapitalizationTop YieldTop PERTop ConsensusTop Fundamentals

Top Technicals
Top RSIUnusual volumesTop GapsTop STIM

Top Movers
Top USATop CanadaTop U.K.Top GermanyTop EuropeTop Asia


 Tools
Market ScreenerDynamic chartFinancial calendarEconomic calendarSector researchCurrency converter

 Our Services
Premium AccessDiscover our Services

 



















 







4-Traders Homepage  >  Equities  >  Nasdaq  >  SPS Commerce, Inc.    SPSC










     SPS COMMERCE, INC. (SPSC)     


Add to my list    

Mes derni�res consult.Most popular
Manage my lists

















 







 End-of-day quote  - 05/01

56.71
USD
 
+2.62%










07/13 SPS Commerce Announces Date of Second Quarter 2017 Financial Resu..


05/31 SPS COMMERCE : Announces Schedule of Upcoming Investor Conferences


05/30 SPS Commerce Announces Schedule of Upcoming Investor Conferences

 







SummaryChartsNewsAnalysisCalendarCompanyFinancialsConsensusRevisions News SummaryMost relevantAll newsSector newsTweets


















 




SPS Commerce Announces Date of Second Quarter 2017 Financial Results



































0






07/13/2017 | 10:06pm CEST 


Send by mail :
Last Name :
Name :
From* :
To* :
(You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas)
Message :
*Required fields





MINNEAPOLIS, July  13, 2017  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- SPS Commerce, Inc. (NASDAQ:SPSC),  a leader in retail cloud services, today announced that it will issue its financial results for the second quarter ended June 30, 2017 after the market close on Thursday, July 27, 2017.  SPS Commerce will host a call to discuss the results at 3:30 p.m. Central Time (4:30 p.m. Eastern Time) on the same day.
To access the call, please dial (877) 312-7508, or outside the U.S. (253) 237-1184, with Conference ID #42314283 at least five minutes prior to the 3:30 p.m. CT start time.  A live webcast of the call will also be available at www.investors.spscommerce.com under the Events and Presentations menu.  The replay will also be available on our website at www.investors.spscommerce.com.    About SPS Commerce SPS Commerce perfects the power of trading partner relationships with the industry's most broadly adopted, retail cloud services platform. As a leader in cloud-based supply chain management solutions, we provide proven integrations and comprehensive retail performance analytics to thousands of customers worldwide. SPS Commerce has achieved 65 consecutive quarters of revenue growth and is headquartered in Minneapolis. For additional information, please contact SPS Commerce at 866-245-8100 or visit www.spscommerce.com.  SPS COMMERCE, SPS, SPS logo, RETAIL UNIVERSE, 1=INFINITY logo, AS THE NETWORK GROWS, SO DOES YOUR OPPORTUNITY, INFINITE RETAIL POWER, RETAIL UNIVERSE are marks of SPS Commerce, Inc. and Registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. RSX, IN:FLUENCE, and others are further marks of SPS Commerce, Inc. These marks may be registered or otherwise protected in other countries. SPS-F   Contact:

Investor Relations
The Blueshirt Group
Lisa Laukkanen
Nicole Gunderson
SPSC@blueshirtgroup.com
415-217-7722

Ali Finer			      	
SPS Commerce				
866-245-8100				
abfiner@spscommerce.com		

















 � GlobeNewswire 2017





































0






 






Latest news on SPS COMMERCE, INC.




07/13 SPS Commerce Announces Date of Second Quarter 2017 Financial Results

05/31 SPS COMMERCE : Announces Schedule of Upcoming Investor Conferences

05/30 SPS Commerce Announces Schedule of Upcoming Investor Conferences

05/23 SPS COMMERCE, INC. (NASDAQ : SPSC) Files An 8-K Submission of Matters to a Vote ..

05/23 SPS COMMERCE INC : Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders (form 8-K..

05/02 SPS COMMERCE : Unveils Enhanced Sourcing with Increased Visibility for Unified R..

05/02 SPS COMMERCE : Announces Comprehensive, Multi-Channel Demand Visibility for Reta..

05/01 SPS Commerce Announces Comprehensive, Multi-Channel Demand Visibility for Ret..

05/01 SPS Commerce Ushers in New Era of Digital Product Data Management with Next G..

05/01 SPS Commerce Unveils Enhanced Sourcing with Increased Visibility for Unified ..



More news




News from SeekingAlpha




04/27 SPS Commerce's (SPSC) CEO Archie Black on Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call Tra..

04/27 SPS Commerce beats by $0.06, beats on revenue

04/26 Notable earnings after Thursday?s close

03/30 SAAS VALUATION REDUX : The 'SANE Cloud Posse' Rides Again

02/08 TECHNOLOGY - TOP GAINERS / LOSERS AS : 00 pm


 







 





Financials ($)
 




            Sales             2017            
221 M 

            EBIT             2017            
24,5 M 

            Net income             2017            
6,72 M 

            Finance 2017            
159 907 M 

            Yield             2017            
- 





            P/E ratio 2017            
157,15 

            P/E ratio 2018            
127,43 

            
            EV / Sales 2017            
            
-719x 

            EV / Sales 2018
            
-700x 

            Capitalization            
            
1 030 M 



More Financials
 



Chart SPS COMMERCE, INC.




Duration : 
Auto.
2 months
3 months
6 months
9 months
1 year
2 years
5 years
10 years
Max.



Period : 
Day
Week 





 






Full-screen chart

 

Technical analysis trends SPS COMMERCE, INC.
 
Short TermMid-TermLong TermTrendsBearishBearishBearish 

Technical analysis


Income Statement Evolution
Please enable JavaScript in your browser's settings to use dynamic charts. 
More Financials


Consensus


                        Sell
                   








Buy
                   


 

Mean consensus

    OUTPERFORM    
Number of Analysts

    11    
Average target price

68,9 $ 
Spread / Average Target

15% 


Consensus details
 





EPS Revisions 
Please enable JavaScript in your browser's settings to use dynamic charts. 
More Estimates Revisions


Managers
 





 NameTitleArchie C. Black
President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
James J. Frome
Chief Operating Officer & Executive Vice President
Kimberly K. Nelson
Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
Jamie Thingelstad
Chief Technology Officer & Senior Vice President
Martin J. Leestma
Director
 
More about the company


Sector and Competitors


1st jan.Capitalization (M$)

SPS COMMERCE, INC.-18.86%1 030





SUPER GROUP LIMITED-7.22%998

KEPPEL TELECOM. & TRANSPORT. LTD.-5.85%656

CONNECT GROUP PLC-30.44%342

RADIANT LOGISTICS INC35.13%259

TIONG NAM LOGISTICS HOLDINGS BERHAD--.--%181


More Results
 




 



























4-traders.com :MarketsNewsAnalysisStock PicksPortfoliosScreenersWatchlistsTop / FlopToolsOur ServicesAbout :Surperformance SASContact usAdvertiseLegal informationsAbout usStay Connected :FacebookTwitterPartners :B�rse: Aktien, Kurse und NachrichtenBest tweets 




   Copyright � 2017 Surperformance. All rights reserved.  









 


  














Slave






















SPS Commerce Inc. (SPSC) Moves Higher on Volume Spike for July 11 | Equities.com


























































BREAKING NEWS


Previous


Next






                  ​Halcón Resources: High Potential in Low-Priced Oil                





                  Russia Collusion Story: A Big “Nothing Burger” or a Case for Gold?                





                  A Stunning Visual Map of the Social Media Universe                





                  3 Safe Haven Assets for Investors to Consider                 





                  ​Celgene: Value in Cancer Treatments                











US/Global
Canada
















News




Log in






Login to your account










Log in




  			Remember Me  		

Forgot your password?

Forgot your username?

























Register



















































			News		


		SPS Commerce Inc. (SPSC) Moves Higher on Volume Spike for July 11	

Equities Staff


						Follow					
											|
				Tuesday, 11 July 2017 17:18 (EST)










		Market Summary
	
 Follow 





SPS Commerce Inc. is a Provides supply chain management solutions




Last Price
					$ 59.65				

Last Trade

						Jul/21 - 12:18					




Change
					$ -0.24					

Change Percent
					-0.40 %
				



Open
					$ 60.44				

Prev Close
					$ 59.89				



High
					$ 62.08				

low
					$ 59.52				



52 Week High
					$ 74.85				

52 Week Low
					$ 48.11				



Market Cap
					1,025,540,618				

PE Ratio
					3.75				



Volume
					67,744				

Exchange
					NGS				



SPSC - Market Data & News
SPSC - Stock Valuation Report
 Trade 

SPS Commerce Inc. (SPSC) traded on unusually high volume on Jul. 11, as the stock 
gained 0.12% to close at $60.56. On the day, SPS Commerce Inc. saw 225,795 shares trade hands on 2,272 trades. 
Considering that the stock averages only a daily volume of 112,327 shares a day over the last month, this represents a pretty significant bump in volume over the norm.

Generally speaking, when a stock experiences a sudden spike in trading volume, it may be seen as a bullish signal for investors. An increase in volume means more market awareness for the 
company, potentially setting up a more meaningful move in stock price. The added volume also provides a level of support and stability for price advances.

The stock has traded between $74.85 and $48.11 over the last 52-weeks, its 50-day SMA is now $59.98, and its 200-day SMA $63.41. SPS Commerce Inc. 
has a P/B ratio of 3.81. It also has a P/E ratio of 140.7.  


SPS Commerce Inc is a provider of cloud-based supply chain management solutions, providing network-integrations and comprehensive retail performance analytics to thousands of customers.

Headquartered in Minneapolis, MN, SPS Commerce Inc. has 1,217 employees and is currently under the leadership of CEO Archie C. Black.


For a complete fundamental analysis analysis of SPS Commerce Inc., check out Equities.com’s Stock Valuation Analysis report 
for SPSC.

Want to invest with the experts? Subscribe to Equities Premium newsletters today! Visit http://www.equitiespremium.com/ to 
learn more about Guild Investment’s Market Commentary  and Adam Sarhan’s 
Find Leading Stocks  today. 


To get more information on SPS Commerce Inc. and to follow the company’s latest updates, you can visit the company’s profile page here:  
SPSC’s Profile. For more news on the financial markets and emerging growth companies, be sure to visit Equities.com’s 
Newsdesk. Also, don’t forget to sign-up for our daily 
email newsletter to ensure you don’t miss out on any of our best stories. 

All data provided by QuoteMedia and was accurate as of 4:30PM ET. 

  
DISCLOSURE:
					The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the authors, and do not represent the views of equities.com. Readers should not consider statements made by the author as formal recommendations and should consult their financial advisor before making any investment decisions. To read our full disclosure, please go to: http://www.equities.com/disclaimer



Comments






You have to be logged in to leave a comment.
Take me to log in
Don't have an account?









×
You must log in first


I'm sorry, but in order to complete what you're trying to do, you must be logged in.


Take me to log in
Don't have an account?
I'm good for now







 
More on Equities.com



CORRECTING and REPLACING - Logansport Financial Corp. Reports Net Earnings for the Quarter Ended June 30, 2017


MetroPlus Health Plan to Open New Community Offices in the Bronx


TEAM INC FILES (8-K) Disclosing Change in Directors or Principal Officers, Financial Statements and Exhibits














Trending Articles



​Poised and Ready for California Green Rush, Groundbreaking at CGTD’s 20,000 Sq. Ft. Cannabis Greenhouse Draws Near




​NXT-ID’s Fit Pay Adding Secure Shine to New Token Smart Rings




​The Future of Alcohol is Hangover-Free: Here’s How This Company Does It




​Is Madison the Next Great Copper-Gold Project in Famous Montana District?




​Inovio’s SynCon®: A Platform You Should Get to Know




​Aftermaster (AFTM) Announces Three Consecutive Quarters of Strong Sales





Emerging Growth


Winston Gold Mining Corp.


                Winston Gold Mining Corp is a mineral exploration and development company. The Company is engaged in acquiring, exploring, developing, and operating mining properties.            










Private Markets 


Initial State


                Initial State is an Internet of Things (IoT) data analytics & data 
management platform company. We turn sensor and event data into 
information that matters by making it easy to…            



WayBetter


                The spark hit Jamie when he saw co-workers competing to lose weight. 
Instead of pizzas and subs, they were eating salads and jogging along 
the river. Some were sneakily leaving…            










Corporate SitePremium ProductsAdvertisingRSS Feeds




AboutContactSite MapTestimonials




Privacy PolicyTerms and ConditionsDisclaimerConference











© 2017 Equities
* All dates and time are being displayed in Eastern Standard Time (EST).






 








































×
Follow companies mentioned in this article:

 Follow 

      SPS Commerce Inc.    

 





















 


















SPS Commerce, Inc. Company and Product Info from Supply & Demand Chain Executive




























































				
				Channels			
			





Demand Mgmt





WMS/Logistics





Global SCM





Integration/ERP





Payment





Sourcing/Procurement





Risk Mgmt





Industry Resources












Go







Menu



Channels



Demand Mgmt





WMS/Logistics





Global SCM





Integration/ERP





Payment





Sourcing/Procurement





Risk Mgmt





Industry Resources


Additional Resources


Media Center




Magazine




Events




Awards




SDC Map




Sponsored Research




Webinars




Blogs




Supply Chain Learning Center




Podcasts


User
Log Out
Register
Log In
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Site Tools
Contact Us
Advertise



























Industry Resources







 SPS Commerce, Inc. 

















 Request more information 













 | Share


 | Share


 | Share


 | Share




Company Details:
									333 South Seventh Street
									
																			Suite 1000
									
																			Minneapolis, MN 55402
																										

Phone: (612) 435-9400 Toll Free: (866) 245-8100 Fax: (612) 435-9401 http://www.spscommerce.com 







 Continue Reading










				  Industry Resources
			






SEARCH





            Customer Relationship Management
            



 Channel Management & Customer Analytics 


 Content Management 


 Reverse Logistics Material and-or Merchandise Returns 


 Sales Force Automation 


 Service Parts Logistics Field Service 


 Warranty Chain Management 





            Decision Support
            



 Analysis 


 Business Process & Performance Management 


 Enterprise Business Intelligence 


 Information Sharing 


 Inter-enterprise & Cross-functional Collaboration, Change Management, Staffing & Incentive Management 


 Regulatory & Customer Mandate Compliance, Governance Issues, Supply Chain Risk Management, Supply Chain Relationship Managem 


 Research, Advisory & Consulting 


 Revenue, Price & Profit Management Automation 





            Fulfillment Logistics
            



 Customized Build Assemble Order & Delivery Management 


 Distribution Planning Distribution Requirements Planning 


 Global Trade Management 


 Inventory Management & Optimization 


 Logistics Resource Management 


 Manufacturing Execution Systems 


 Order Management Inputs 


 Outsourcing Services 


 Service Parts Logistics 


 Simultaneous Outbound & Inbound Management 


 Supply Chain Event Management 


 Supply Chain Execution 


 Transportation Management & Optimization 


 Vendor-Managed Inventory 


 Warehouse Management Services 





            Order Demand Capture
            



 Demand Planning Forecasting 


 Order Demand Management 


 Outsourced Manufacturing 


 Supply & Demand Chain Network Design 


 Supply Chain & Production Planning 


 Supply Chain Coordination & Event Management 





            Payment
            



 e-Credit 


 e-Money 


 Electronic Bill Presentment, e-Invoicing 


 Electronic Funds Transfer & All Forms of e-Payment 


 Financial Transaction Management 


 Purchasing Cards 


 Spend Data Management 





            Procurement
            



 Content Management 


 Contingent Workforce Management 


 Group Purchasing Organizations Solutions 


 Marketplaces 


 Supplier Enablement 


 Supplier Performance Measurement & Monitoring 


 Supplier Relationship Management & Supplier Development Marketplaces 


 Supplier Risk Management 





            Product Lifecycle Management
            



 Collaborative Design 


 New Product Introduction 


 Outsourced Design Services 


 Product Data Management 


 Product Portfolio Management 


 Request for Information 





            Professional Development
            



 Certification 


 Conferences - Educational 


 Conferences - Exposition 


 Education - Private Institution 


 Education - University 


 Professional Organizations & Assocations 


 Training 





            Sourcing
            



 Auctions 


 Commodity Team & Supplier Collaboration 


 Content Management 


 Contract Management 


 Outsourced Manufacturing 


 Spend Analytics & Supply Strategy 


 Trading Exchanges (public & private) 





            Supply Chain Integration & Technology Infrastructure
            



 Auto-ID & Data Capture (RFID, barcode) 


 B2B Connectivity Standards 


 Contingency Planning 


 Electronic Data Interchange (EDI) 


 Enterprise Application Integration (EAI) 


 Enterprise Asset Management (EAM) 


 Enterprise Data Management & Data Synchronization 


 Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) 


 Hardware Options 


 Internal External Portals 


 Network Infrastructure 


 On-demand Hosted Applications 


 Regulatory & Customer Mandate Compliance, Governance Issues 


 Security 


 Wireless Applications & Devices 









Industry Resources



 



 SPS Commerce, Inc. 





Industry Resources



 



 Time to Move beyond Omnichannel: Three Focus Areas 





Industry Resources



 



 Retail Moving Beyond Omnichannel as Consumers Demand Personalized Shopping Experiences across Channels 





Industry Resources



 



 USG Corporation: Every Order Complete and on Time 





Industry Resources



 



 Retail Business Networks Level the Playing Field for Small Suppliers 





Industry Resources



 In-Store Mobile Experiences to Drive Purchase Decisions 





Industry Resources



 



 Only 5 Percent of Retail Industry Has Fully Executed an Omnichannel Strategy 





Industry Resources



 Cloud Transaction Automation Solution for Oracle 





Industry Resources



 SPS Commerce Announces SAP-Certified Cloud Electronic Data Interchange 










Industry Resources



 



 Time to Move beyond Omnichannel: Three Focus Areas 


		Achieving an omnichannel customer experience has been a main business challenge for the retail supply chain for many years.
	




Industry Resources



 



 Retail Moving Beyond Omnichannel as Consumers Demand Personalized Shopping Experiences across Channels 


January 16, 2017


		New research reveals 35 percent of retailers believe omnichannel execution is on track—up nearly 200 percent year over year.
	




Industry Resources



 



 USG Corporation: Every Order Complete and on Time 


		The SPS Fulfillment solution helps USG routinely stand out as a trusted, dependable supplier to all outlets.
	




Industry Resources



 



 Retail Business Networks Level the Playing Field for Small Suppliers 


		Retail business networks offer a networked approach to help suppliers and retailers who want to onboard new suppliers
	




Industry Resources



 In-Store Mobile Experiences to Drive Purchase Decisions 


December 18, 2014


		Research confirms the convergence of the mobile and store shopping experience
	




Industry Resources



 



 Only 5 Percent of Retail Industry Has Fully Executed an Omnichannel Strategy 


October 17, 2014


		Enormity of change required for fundamentally new technology and data integration to meet consumer expectations
	




Industry Resources



 Cloud Transaction Automation Solution for Oracle 


September 18, 2014


		Bristlecone and SPS Commerce build an integrated Oracle solution to streamline the retail supply chain
	











Industry Resources



 SPS Commerce Announces SAP-Certified Cloud Electronic Data Interchange 


September 12, 2014


		SPS Commerce Cloud Electronic Data Interchange relies on the SPS Universal Network to streamline the retail supply chain
	








 

Loading

















Demand Mgmt





WMS/Logistics





Global SCM





Integration/ERP





Payment





Sourcing/Procurement





Risk Mgmt





Industry Resources



Log Out
Register
Log In
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Contact Us
Advertise
Sitemap




 






SPS Commerce, Inc. Competitors and Products in the Total Retail Directory   Total Retail DirectorySPS Commerce, Inc.SPS Commerce, Inc. Rating: 0 -  Write A Review 0333 South Seventh Street, Suite 1000Minneapolis, MN 55402Competitors of SPS Commerce, Inc.a2b Fulfillment, Inc.a2b Fulfillment is a third-party provider of business support services including Order Fulfillment, Customer Care and Value-Add Services such as Kitting, Assembly, Reverse Logistics and Product Refurbishment. We strive to create the ultimate customer experience and achieve this with same-day... Read More Send an email Email Sent 4 products Write a reviewNetSuite, Inc.NetSuite is a leading provider of SaaS accounting/ERP software. NetSuite helps fast-growing and midsize companies and divisions of global enterprises run their entire business more productively and cut costs by providing one web-based system to run their accounting, order management, inventory,... write a reviewOrderDynamics CorpOrderDynamics is a world leading SaaS Order Management Systems (OMS) provider. Focused on Powering Retail Fulfillment, we help retailers with 10+ locations to drive their Omni-channel Retail strategy. A robust OMS helps retailers with order orchestration, real-time inventory visibility, returns... write a review×Rate and Review SPS Commerce, Inc.     Click on a star to rate this companyRating is requiredYour AssociationCustomerPartnerSupplierOther Name, Title, Company  Post anonymouslyYour Comments When writing a review, please adhere to the Review Guidelines.     Thanks for submitting your review of SPS Commerce, Inc.. We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours). We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.Thanks for submitting your review of SPS Commerce, Inc..We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours).We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.Close×Rate and Review a2b Fulfillment, Inc.     Click on a star to rate this companyRating is requiredYour AssociationCustomerPartnerSupplierOther Name, Title, Company  Post anonymouslyYour Comments When writing a review, please adhere to the Review Guidelines.     Thanks for submitting your review of a2b Fulfillment, Inc.. We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours). We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.Thanks for submitting your review of a2b Fulfillment, Inc..We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours).We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.Close×Contact a2b Fulfillment, Inc. Your Name Email Address Your Job FunctionAdministrationCEO/President/ OwnerCFOCIO/CTOConsultantCustomer ServiceEngineer/ProgrammerFacilities/OperationsFinance ManagerFinance StaffGeneral ManagerHuman ResourcesIS/ IT StaffIS/IT ManagementMarketing ManagerMarketing StaffOtherPartner/PrincipalPurchasing ManagerSales Dev.Sales Dev. ManagerVP/Senior Manager Your Company Subject Line Message
I saw your company in the Total Retail Directory and would like to have someone contact me.     Information Requested.Close×Rate and Review NetSuite, Inc.     Click on a star to rate this companyRating is requiredYour AssociationCustomerPartnerSupplierOther Name, Title, Company  Post anonymouslyYour Comments When writing a review, please adhere to the Review Guidelines.     Thanks for submitting your review of NetSuite, Inc.. We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours). We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.Thanks for submitting your review of NetSuite, Inc..We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours).We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.Close×Rate and Review OrderDynamics Corp     Click on a star to rate this companyRating is requiredYour AssociationCustomerPartnerSupplierOther Name, Title, Company  Post anonymouslyYour Comments When writing a review, please adhere to the Review Guidelines.     Thanks for submitting your review of OrderDynamics Corp. We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours). We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.Thanks for submitting your review of OrderDynamics Corp.We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours).We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.Close×Sign up for full directory site access or loginLogin or sign upForgot PasswordLinkedIn user?You can use your LinkedIn account to login to Total Retail Directory. Login with LinkedInEmail AddressPasswordInvalid username or password    Forgot PasswordPrivacy Policy | Terms of UseLinkedIn user?You can use your LinkedIn account to sign up for Total Retail Directory. Sign up with LinkedInNameEmail AddressJob FunctionAdministrationCEO/President/ OwnerCFOCIO/CTOConsultantCustomer ServiceEngineer/ProgrammerFacilities/OperationsFinance ManagerFinance StaffGeneral ManagerHuman ResourcesIS/ IT StaffIS/IT ManagementMarketing ManagerMarketing StaffOtherPartner/PrincipalPurchasing ManagerSales Dev.Sales Dev. ManagerVP/Senior Manager Company NamePasswordAccount already exists. Please login with correct username and password.Privacy Policy | Terms of UseForgot Your Password? Enter the email address on your account. We will email you information to reset your password. LoginEmail Address


SPS Commerce - Wikipedia






















 






SPS Commerce

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


SPS Commerce, Inc.





Type

Public


Traded as
NASDAQ: SPSC
S&P 600 Component


Industry
Technology – application software


Founded
1987


Founder
Gary W Anderson[citation needed]


Headquarters
Minneapolis, Minnesota, United States



Key people


Archie C. Black (CEO, President, Director)[1] Kimberly K. Nelson [2]
(Chief Financial Officer, and Principal Accounting Officer)
James J. Frome
(Chief Operating Officer)
Jamie Thingelstad [3]
(Chief Technology Officer)


Services
Supply chain management solutions, EDI


Revenue
$ 127.9M (2014) [4]



Number of employees

943 (2015) [5]


Website
www.spscommerce.com


SPS Commerce is a corporation based in the United States that provides cloud-based supply chain management software to retailers, suppliers, third-party logistics providers and partners.[6] The company's headquarters are located in Minneapolis, Minnesota,[7] but it also has US offices in San Diego and New Jersey, and international locations in Beijing, Hong Kong, Sydney, Melbourne, London, Toronto, and Kiev.[8] In 2015, the Minneapolis Star Tribune reported that SPS Commerce was ranked by WorkplaceDynamics as the best large workplace in Minnesota.[9] SPS was also ranked among the top 10 fastest growing publicly traded companies in Minnesota in 2014.[10]



Contents


1 History
2 Products and services
3 References
4 External links



History[edit]
The company was founded in 1987[11] under the name St. Paul Software.[12] In 2000, the company sold its software business to Netherlands-based TIE Commerce.[13] After the sale, the company primarily offered Internet-based business-to-business exchanges for retailers and manufacturers.[14] St. Paul Software was renamed SPS Commerce in May 2001.[15] SPS Commerce went public in April 2010 when it debuted on the NASDAQ global market.[16] Soon after, the company acquired San Diego-based EDI services company Direct EDI for $10.9m, adding 40 employees in a San Diego office and a development group in Ukraine.[17] SPS continued to expand its operations in 2012 with the purchase of New Jersey-based data analytics firm Edifice,[18] and in 2014 with the $14.9m acquisition of LeadTec, a supply chain solutions provider headquartered in Melbourne, Australia.[19] In 2015, SPS hired former Target Corp CIO Beth Jacob in an executive role.[20][21]
Products and services[edit]
SPS Commerce applications facilitate supply chain automation, electronic communication and data analytics.[22] Specific product offerings include Trading Partner Fulfillment, Assortment, and Analytics, as well as bar code labeling and Scan & Pack solutions.[23]
References[edit]



^ "Executive Profile, Archie C Black". Bloomberg. Retrieved 23 September 2015. 
^ "Executive Profile, Kimberly K Nelson". Bloomberg. Retrieved 23 September 2015. 
^ Thingelstad, Jamie (21 Nov 2013). "Meet a Minnesota CTO: Jamie Thingelstad" (Interview). Interview with TECHdotMN. Minneapolis. Retrieved 23 September 2015. 
^ "SPS Commerce Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2014 Financial Results" (Press release). Minneapolis. GLOBE NEWSWIRE. 5 February 2015. Retrieved 2015-09-28. 
^ "Company Info, SPS Commerce Inc.". Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 23 September 2015. 
^ Grayson, Katharine. "Now public, SPS Commerce plans to keep hiring". Minneapolis/St. Paul Business Journal. Retrieved 12 March 2014. 
^ Willard, Elizabeth. "No. 3 medium company: SPS Commerce Inc.". Minneapolis/St. Paul Business Journal. Retrieved 12 March 2014. 
^ "SPS Commerce positioning retail supply-chain software for global presence". The Line Media. Retrieved 23 September 2015. 
^ "SPS Commerce lands at No. 1 on Top Workplaces list of large companies". Minneapolis Star Tribune. Retrieved 23 September 2015. 
^ "Digital River's exit leaves just one software company on MN's Top 100 Public List". Minneapolis St Paul Business Journal. Retrieved 23 September 2015. 
^ "Company Profile SPS Commerce". Inc. Magazine. Retrieved 12 March 2014. 
^ "Profile SPS Commerce, Inc.". Yahoo Finance. Retrieved 12 March 2014. 
^ "SPS Solutions Joins TIE Commerce; SPS Solutions Expands Its B2B Product and Service Offerings" (Press release). St. Paul Minnesota. PR News Wire. 2000-04-18. Retrieved 2015-09-28. 
^ Reilly, Mark. "SPS Commerce Raises Another $10M to Expand". Minneapolis/St. Paul Business Journal. Retrieved 12 March 2014. 
^ "SPS Commerce Inc (SPSC:NASDAQ GS)". BusinessWeek. Retrieved 12 March 2014. 
^ Pimentel, Benjamin. "Three tech firms debut in busy IPO day". MarketWatch. Retrieved 12 March 2014. 
^ "Logistics technology: SPS Commerce acquires Direct EDI". Logistics Management. Retrieved 23 September 2015. 
^ "SPS Commerce acquires business data service Edifice for $26 million". Pioneer Press. Retrieved 23 September 2015. 
^ Spencer, Leon. "Australia's Leadtec snapped up in $14.9m SPS Commerce deal". ZDNet. Retrieved 23 September 2015. 
^ Boulton, Clint. "Former Target CIO Beth Jacob Lands at SPS Commerce". Wall Street Journal. 
^ Kumar, Kavita. "SPS Commerce hires former Target tech executive". Minneapolis Star Tribune. 
^ "Profile: SPS Commerce Inc (SPSC.O)". Reuters. Retrieved 12 March 2014. 
^ "SPS Commerce Inc (SPSC) Snapshot". Bloomberg. 



External links[edit]

Official website





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=SPS_Commerce&oldid=788679001"					
Categories: Companies based in MinneapolisSupply chain software companiesCompanies listed on NASDAQCompanies established in 1987Hidden categories: Pages using deprecated image syntaxAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from October 2016 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


Українська 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 2 July 2017, at 21:04.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









SPS Commerce - Wikipedia






















 






SPS Commerce

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


SPS Commerce, Inc.





Type

Public


Traded as
NASDAQ: SPSC
S&P 600 Component


Industry
Technology – application software


Founded
1987


Founder
Gary W Anderson[citation needed]


Headquarters
Minneapolis, Minnesota, United States



Key people


Archie C. Black (CEO, President, Director)[1] Kimberly K. Nelson [2]
(Chief Financial Officer, and Principal Accounting Officer)
James J. Frome
(Chief Operating Officer)
Jamie Thingelstad [3]
(Chief Technology Officer)


Services
Supply chain management solutions, EDI


Revenue
$ 127.9M (2014) [4]



Number of employees

943 (2015) [5]


Website
www.spscommerce.com


SPS Commerce is a corporation based in the United States that provides cloud-based supply chain management software to retailers, suppliers, third-party logistics providers and partners.[6] The company's headquarters are located in Minneapolis, Minnesota,[7] but it also has US offices in San Diego and New Jersey, and international locations in Beijing, Hong Kong, Sydney, Melbourne, London, Toronto, and Kiev.[8] In 2015, the Minneapolis Star Tribune reported that SPS Commerce was ranked by WorkplaceDynamics as the best large workplace in Minnesota.[9] SPS was also ranked among the top 10 fastest growing publicly traded companies in Minnesota in 2014.[10]



Contents


1 History
2 Products and services
3 References
4 External links



History[edit]
The company was founded in 1987[11] under the name St. Paul Software.[12] In 2000, the company sold its software business to Netherlands-based TIE Commerce.[13] After the sale, the company primarily offered Internet-based business-to-business exchanges for retailers and manufacturers.[14] St. Paul Software was renamed SPS Commerce in May 2001.[15] SPS Commerce went public in April 2010 when it debuted on the NASDAQ global market.[16] Soon after, the company acquired San Diego-based EDI services company Direct EDI for $10.9m, adding 40 employees in a San Diego office and a development group in Ukraine.[17] SPS continued to expand its operations in 2012 with the purchase of New Jersey-based data analytics firm Edifice,[18] and in 2014 with the $14.9m acquisition of LeadTec, a supply chain solutions provider headquartered in Melbourne, Australia.[19] In 2015, SPS hired former Target Corp CIO Beth Jacob in an executive role.[20][21]
Products and services[edit]
SPS Commerce applications facilitate supply chain automation, electronic communication and data analytics.[22] Specific product offerings include Trading Partner Fulfillment, Assortment, and Analytics, as well as bar code labeling and Scan & Pack solutions.[23]
References[edit]



^ "Executive Profile, Archie C Black". Bloomberg. Retrieved 23 September 2015. 
^ "Executive Profile, Kimberly K Nelson". Bloomberg. Retrieved 23 September 2015. 
^ Thingelstad, Jamie (21 Nov 2013). "Meet a Minnesota CTO: Jamie Thingelstad" (Interview). Interview with TECHdotMN. Minneapolis. Retrieved 23 September 2015. 
^ "SPS Commerce Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2014 Financial Results" (Press release). Minneapolis. GLOBE NEWSWIRE. 5 February 2015. Retrieved 2015-09-28. 
^ "Company Info, SPS Commerce Inc.". Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 23 September 2015. 
^ Grayson, Katharine. "Now public, SPS Commerce plans to keep hiring". Minneapolis/St. Paul Business Journal. Retrieved 12 March 2014. 
^ Willard, Elizabeth. "No. 3 medium company: SPS Commerce Inc.". Minneapolis/St. Paul Business Journal. Retrieved 12 March 2014. 
^ "SPS Commerce positioning retail supply-chain software for global presence". The Line Media. Retrieved 23 September 2015. 
^ "SPS Commerce lands at No. 1 on Top Workplaces list of large companies". Minneapolis Star Tribune. Retrieved 23 September 2015. 
^ "Digital River's exit leaves just one software company on MN's Top 100 Public List". Minneapolis St Paul Business Journal. Retrieved 23 September 2015. 
^ "Company Profile SPS Commerce". Inc. Magazine. Retrieved 12 March 2014. 
^ "Profile SPS Commerce, Inc.". Yahoo Finance. Retrieved 12 March 2014. 
^ "SPS Solutions Joins TIE Commerce; SPS Solutions Expands Its B2B Product and Service Offerings" (Press release). St. Paul Minnesota. PR News Wire. 2000-04-18. Retrieved 2015-09-28. 
^ Reilly, Mark. "SPS Commerce Raises Another $10M to Expand". Minneapolis/St. Paul Business Journal. Retrieved 12 March 2014. 
^ "SPS Commerce Inc (SPSC:NASDAQ GS)". BusinessWeek. Retrieved 12 March 2014. 
^ Pimentel, Benjamin. "Three tech firms debut in busy IPO day". MarketWatch. Retrieved 12 March 2014. 
^ "Logistics technology: SPS Commerce acquires Direct EDI". Logistics Management. Retrieved 23 September 2015. 
^ "SPS Commerce acquires business data service Edifice for $26 million". Pioneer Press. Retrieved 23 September 2015. 
^ Spencer, Leon. "Australia's Leadtec snapped up in $14.9m SPS Commerce deal". ZDNet. Retrieved 23 September 2015. 
^ Boulton, Clint. "Former Target CIO Beth Jacob Lands at SPS Commerce". Wall Street Journal. 
^ Kumar, Kavita. "SPS Commerce hires former Target tech executive". Minneapolis Star Tribune. 
^ "Profile: SPS Commerce Inc (SPSC.O)". Reuters. Retrieved 12 March 2014. 
^ "SPS Commerce Inc (SPSC) Snapshot". Bloomberg. 



External links[edit]

Official website





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=SPS_Commerce&oldid=788679001"					
Categories: Companies based in MinneapolisSupply chain software companiesCompanies listed on NASDAQCompanies established in 1987Hidden categories: Pages using deprecated image syntaxAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from October 2016 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


Українська 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 2 July 2017, at 21:04.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









SPS Commerce - Wikipedia






















 






SPS Commerce

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


SPS Commerce, Inc.





Type

Public


Traded as
NASDAQ: SPSC
S&P 600 Component


Industry
Technology – application software


Founded
1987


Founder
Gary W Anderson[citation needed]


Headquarters
Minneapolis, Minnesota, United States



Key people


Archie C. Black (CEO, President, Director)[1] Kimberly K. Nelson [2]
(Chief Financial Officer, and Principal Accounting Officer)
James J. Frome
(Chief Operating Officer)
Jamie Thingelstad [3]
(Chief Technology Officer)


Services
Supply chain management solutions, EDI


Revenue
$ 127.9M (2014) [4]



Number of employees

943 (2015) [5]


Website
www.spscommerce.com


SPS Commerce is a corporation based in the United States that provides cloud-based supply chain management software to retailers, suppliers, third-party logistics providers and partners.[6] The company's headquarters are located in Minneapolis, Minnesota,[7] but it also has US offices in San Diego and New Jersey, and international locations in Beijing, Hong Kong, Sydney, Melbourne, London, Toronto, and Kiev.[8] In 2015, the Minneapolis Star Tribune reported that SPS Commerce was ranked by WorkplaceDynamics as the best large workplace in Minnesota.[9] SPS was also ranked among the top 10 fastest growing publicly traded companies in Minnesota in 2014.[10]



Contents


1 History
2 Products and services
3 References
4 External links



History[edit]
The company was founded in 1987[11] under the name St. Paul Software.[12] In 2000, the company sold its software business to Netherlands-based TIE Commerce.[13] After the sale, the company primarily offered Internet-based business-to-business exchanges for retailers and manufacturers.[14] St. Paul Software was renamed SPS Commerce in May 2001.[15] SPS Commerce went public in April 2010 when it debuted on the NASDAQ global market.[16] Soon after, the company acquired San Diego-based EDI services company Direct EDI for $10.9m, adding 40 employees in a San Diego office and a development group in Ukraine.[17] SPS continued to expand its operations in 2012 with the purchase of New Jersey-based data analytics firm Edifice,[18] and in 2014 with the $14.9m acquisition of LeadTec, a supply chain solutions provider headquartered in Melbourne, Australia.[19] In 2015, SPS hired former Target Corp CIO Beth Jacob in an executive role.[20][21]
Products and services[edit]
SPS Commerce applications facilitate supply chain automation, electronic communication and data analytics.[22] Specific product offerings include Trading Partner Fulfillment, Assortment, and Analytics, as well as bar code labeling and Scan & Pack solutions.[23]
References[edit]



^ "Executive Profile, Archie C Black". Bloomberg. Retrieved 23 September 2015. 
^ "Executive Profile, Kimberly K Nelson". Bloomberg. Retrieved 23 September 2015. 
^ Thingelstad, Jamie (21 Nov 2013). "Meet a Minnesota CTO: Jamie Thingelstad" (Interview). Interview with TECHdotMN. Minneapolis. Retrieved 23 September 2015. 
^ "SPS Commerce Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2014 Financial Results" (Press release). Minneapolis. GLOBE NEWSWIRE. 5 February 2015. Retrieved 2015-09-28. 
^ "Company Info, SPS Commerce Inc.". Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 23 September 2015. 
^ Grayson, Katharine. "Now public, SPS Commerce plans to keep hiring". Minneapolis/St. Paul Business Journal. Retrieved 12 March 2014. 
^ Willard, Elizabeth. "No. 3 medium company: SPS Commerce Inc.". Minneapolis/St. Paul Business Journal. Retrieved 12 March 2014. 
^ "SPS Commerce positioning retail supply-chain software for global presence". The Line Media. Retrieved 23 September 2015. 
^ "SPS Commerce lands at No. 1 on Top Workplaces list of large companies". Minneapolis Star Tribune. Retrieved 23 September 2015. 
^ "Digital River's exit leaves just one software company on MN's Top 100 Public List". Minneapolis St Paul Business Journal. Retrieved 23 September 2015. 
^ "Company Profile SPS Commerce". Inc. Magazine. Retrieved 12 March 2014. 
^ "Profile SPS Commerce, Inc.". Yahoo Finance. Retrieved 12 March 2014. 
^ "SPS Solutions Joins TIE Commerce; SPS Solutions Expands Its B2B Product and Service Offerings" (Press release). St. Paul Minnesota. PR News Wire. 2000-04-18. Retrieved 2015-09-28. 
^ Reilly, Mark. "SPS Commerce Raises Another $10M to Expand". Minneapolis/St. Paul Business Journal. Retrieved 12 March 2014. 
^ "SPS Commerce Inc (SPSC:NASDAQ GS)". BusinessWeek. Retrieved 12 March 2014. 
^ Pimentel, Benjamin. "Three tech firms debut in busy IPO day". MarketWatch. Retrieved 12 March 2014. 
^ "Logistics technology: SPS Commerce acquires Direct EDI". Logistics Management. Retrieved 23 September 2015. 
^ "SPS Commerce acquires business data service Edifice for $26 million". Pioneer Press. Retrieved 23 September 2015. 
^ Spencer, Leon. "Australia's Leadtec snapped up in $14.9m SPS Commerce deal". ZDNet. Retrieved 23 September 2015. 
^ Boulton, Clint. "Former Target CIO Beth Jacob Lands at SPS Commerce". Wall Street Journal. 
^ Kumar, Kavita. "SPS Commerce hires former Target tech executive". Minneapolis Star Tribune. 
^ "Profile: SPS Commerce Inc (SPSC.O)". Reuters. Retrieved 12 March 2014. 
^ "SPS Commerce Inc (SPSC) Snapshot". Bloomberg. 



External links[edit]

Official website





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=SPS_Commerce&oldid=788679001"					
Categories: Companies based in MinneapolisSupply chain software companiesCompanies listed on NASDAQCompanies established in 1987Hidden categories: Pages using deprecated image syntaxAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from October 2016 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


Українська 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 2 July 2017, at 21:04.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 











SPS Commerce, Inc. - IPO Candy




































 Skip to primary navigation Skip to content 



BecomeaMember





 


IPO CandyEveryone's favorite site for IPO insights and analysis.Main navigationHome » SPS Commerce, Inc.SPS Commerce, Inc.
01/20/2016 by   SPS Commerce, Inc. provides cloud-based supply chain management solutions worldwide. It provides solutions through the SPS Commerce platform, a cloud-based product suite that improves the way suppliers, retailers, distributors, and other customers manage and fulfill orders. The company offers Trading Partner Fulfillment solution, which provides fulfillment automation and replaces or augments an organization’s existing trading partner electronic communication infrastructure; Trading Partner Assortment solution manages individual attributes associated with item a retailer or supplier sells; and Trading Partner Analytics solution comprises data analytics applications, which enable its customers to improve their visibility and analysis of their supply chains. It also provides Trading Partner Sourcing solution that sources providers of new items, and connects with new retailers and retailing community; Trading Partner Enablement solution, which provides communications programs that enables organizations, retailers, suppliers, and emerging providers of value-added products and services to establish trading partner relationships with new trading partners to expand their businesses; and Other Trading Partner Solutions, such as barcode labeling, and scan and pack application that helps trading partners process information to streamline the picking and packaging process. The company was formerly known as St. Paul Software, Inc. and changed its name to SPS Commerce, Inc. in May 2001. SPS Commerce, Inc. was incorporated in 1987 and is headquartered in Minneapolis, Minnesota.
 


SPS Commerce, Inc.


SPS Commerce, Inc. provides cloud-based supply chain management solutions worldwide. It provides solutions through the SPS Commerce platform, a cloud-based product suite that improves the way suppliers, retailers, distributors, and other customers manage and fulfill orders. The company offers Trading Partner Fulfillment solution, which provides fulfillment automation and replaces or augments an organization’s existing trading partner electronic communication infrastructure; Trading Partner Assortment solution manages individual attributes associated with item a retailer or supplier sells; and Trading Partner Analytics solution comprises data analytics applications, which enable its customers to improve their visibility and analysis of their supply chains. It also provides Trading Partner Sourcing solution that sources providers of new items, and connects with new retailers and retailing community; Trading Partner Enablement solution, which provides communications programs that enables organizations, retailers, suppliers, and emerging providers of value-added products and services to establish trading partner relationships with new trading partners to expand their businesses; and Other Trading Partner Solutions, such as barcode labeling, and scan and pack application that helps trading partners process information to streamline the picking and packaging process. The company was formerly known as St. Paul Software, Inc. and changed its name to SPS Commerce, Inc. in May 2001. SPS Commerce, Inc. was incorporated in 1987 and is headquartered in Minneapolis, Minnesota.

Twitter
Facebook
Google+
LinkedIn




SPS Commerce, Inc.<p>SPS Commerce, Inc. provides cloud-based supply chain management solutions worldwide. It provides solutions through the SPS Commerce platform, a cloud-based product suite that improves the way suppliers, retailers, distributors, and other customers manage and fulfill orders. The company offers Trading Partner Fulfillment solution, which provides fulfillment automation and replaces or augments an organization’s existing trading partner electronic communication infrastructure; Trading Partner Assortment solution manages individual attributes associated with item a retailer or supplier sells; and Trading Partner Analytics solution comprises data analytics applications, which enable its customers to improve their visibility and analysis of their supply chains. It also provides Trading Partner Sourcing solution that sources providers of new items, and connects with new retailers and retailing community; Trading Partner Enablement solution, which provides communications programs that enables organizations, retailers, suppliers, and emerging providers of value-added products and services to establish trading partner relationships with new trading partners to expand their businesses; and Other Trading Partner Solutions, such as barcode labeling, and scan and pack application that helps trading partners process information to streamline the picking and packaging process. The company was formerly known as St. Paul Software, Inc. and changed its name to SPS Commerce, Inc. in May 2001. SPS Commerce, Inc. was incorporated in 1987 and is headquartered in Minneapolis, Minnesota.</p>
MNUnited StatesPhone: 612-435-9400




SPSC


                Supply Chain Management SaaS
            

Documents
Roadshow



Main CategoryTechnology
CategoriesSoftware


Contact


        http://www.spscommerce.com
    
612-435-9400
    








Address333 South Seventh Street, Suite 1000, Minneapolis, Minnesota, 55402, United States
            





 









We love IPOs
The IPO market provides a magical window into the most exciting technologies, emerging consumer trends and important business developments - all testing their mettle in the crucible of the public markets. We are constantly learning and researching to deliver the best insights available.










We are independent
We have no vested interests driving our work. All the investment banks and brokers on a deal are paid to do a sales and marketing job. Our job is to remain objective and use a fact-based approach to evaluate the potential for an IPO.










We get the best ratings
IPO Candy has been recognized since 2009 as the single best place to get commentary, analysis and assets in the IPO market. The most common write-in comment we get from users is that they "love what we do."










We share everything we know
With three decades of research under our belt we want to share what we have learned and the best practices we have discovered. Our IPO University contains texts, videos and resources to share our process and help everyone develop their skills.






Become an IPOCandy Member
Enjoy the benefits of full access to our content including access to IPO roadshow slideshows and transcripts included in our posts. Members also get additional insights via email, receive our monthly Candygram and have access to our IPO calendar.
Become a Member













SPS Commerce Inc                                                                                                         - Saint Paul                                        , MN         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



MN



Saint Paul



Business Associations



Business Associations



                            SPS Commerce Inc
                                    



 





















S 


SPS Commerce Inc                                                                                                        
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



1435 ENERGY PARK DR SAINT PAUL, MN 55108
Get Directions



(651) 603-4433
www.spscommerce.com                                                                                     





Business Info



 Founded 2011
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $221,809.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Business Associations
 Contacts Ryan Hawley                                                                                                             







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Sps Commerce Inc                                                                                                         was founded in 2011. Sps Commerce Inc                                                                                                         specializes in Business Associations. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







S

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft



















Electronic Data Interchange (EDI) Outsourcing & Services | Edict Systems





























































(800) 443-3428|solutions@edictsystems.com












  














Home

Home














WE DO EDI
SO YOU DON’T HAVE TO
Our Cloud-based Electronic Data Interchange and Managed Services Help Buyers and Suppliers Lower Costs and Maximize the Value of EDI








WHAT CAN WE DO
FOR YOU?





Outsource Supply Chain EDI Operations

Outsource Supply Chain Connectivity

Maximize Supplier Participation

Outsource Customer EDI Operations

Quickly Get Compliant with WebEDI

Integrate Customer EDI




BUYER EDI SERVICES




  OUTSOURCED EDI
Full outsourcing of all aspects of EDI including data mapping, integration, community connectivity, supplier support, project management, and EDI coordinator services.
Learn More



  CLOUD-BASED SOLUTIONS
Choose the outsourced EDI solution including community connectivity and data mapping that fits your needs to maximize the value of your EDI investment.
Learn More



  ADD TRADING PARTNERS
Maximize supplier EDI participation with EDI-enabling and onboarding programs, testing and certification, and fax and email conversion to EDI.
Learn More



Buyer EDI Services Overview



SUPPLIER EDI SERVICES




  OUTSOURCED EDI
Fully outsource EDI connectivity, data mapping, integration, and customer EDI support.
Learn More



  WEB EDI
The fastest and most cost-effective way to become EDI compliant with your customers.
Learn More



  INTEGRATED EDI
Integrate EDI and streamline business processes with cloud-based data mapping.
Learn More



Supplier EDI Services Overview



WE CONNECT THOUSANDS OF SUPPLIERS TO THE WORLD’S LARGEST BUYERS




Partial Representation of Supported Trading Partners




Edict Systems maintains and supports the EDI specifications of an extensive network of Retail, Grocery, Healthcare, Automotive, and other industry buyers for thousands of suppliers. Buyers rely on us to EDI-enable, onboard, manage, and support their suppliers.




ABOUT EDICT SYSTEMS
Edict Systems has been providing EDI services since 1990 and today works with thousands of businesses of all sizes to lower costs, increase efficiencies, and maximize the value of EDI.
Whether your needs are full or partial EDI outsourcing, our technology is cloud-based so you don’t have to maintain in-house EDI systems and we provide complete, managed EDI services to support your internal functional and trading community needs.





25+ Years in the EDI Business

6,000+ Active Customers Supported

30,000+ Trading Relationships Maintained

28,000,000+ EDI Transactions Processed Annually

$10,000,000,000+ in B2B Electronic Commerce Processed Annually




EDI IS EASY AND LESS EXPENSIVE WHEN WE DO IT FOR YOU
HERE’S HOW YOU GET STARTED




Contact us and we’ll provide a no-obligation Managed EDI Services Assessment so we can learn more about your needs and help you determine which of our EDI services is right for your business.
CONTACT US





 
 

 
 
 
 






















EDI Compliance | EDI Provider | SPS Commerce




































































 





















 



















LOGIN
Contact
Blog
Support
Careers
 



Select Page


  
 
 












SPS Commerce / Home 




Home







Click, pick, pack and ship.
Whether you buy, sell, make or move products, our cloud-based solutions help you manage the entire lifecycle of a retail purchase.
LEARN MORE GET STARTED
 
 




 
 


 
 


Click, pick, pack
and ship.
Whether you buy, sell, make or move products, our cloud-based solutions help you manage the entire lifecycle of a retail purchase.
LEARN MORE
 



 
 
 



Integrate your EDI services with your ERP or other business system:

 
 
 
 



We’re in the business of making your consumers happy.
Imagine a world without empty shelves. Without late orders. Without shipping mistakes. Without piles of e-commerce returns.
The right technology makes it happen.
 
 
 


FULFILLMENT
 

Electronically exchange purchase orders, invoices, advance ship notices and more.
LEARN MORE   
 
 

ANALYTICS
 

Intuitive reporting tools provide visibility into sales and inventory. Find out what’s selling!
LEARN MORE   
 
 

SOURCING
 

Find, evaluate and onboard new partners that offer your desired products and services.
LEARN MORE   
 
 
 


COMMUNITY
 

Onboard your vendor community with EDI, item management or analytics.
LEARN MORE   
 
 

ASSORTMENT
 

Manage product details, including descriptions and shipping information.
LEARN MORE   
 
 

EDI TESTING
 

Achieve EDI compliance quickly with our proven process.
LEARN MORE   
 
 
 
 




Ready to experience infinite retail power?
Whether you’re ready to get started or have a few questions first, an SPS expert will be happy to help.

Contact SPS Commerce

 
 
 
  
 
 


                Contact Sales            


 
 
 
 


English

简体中文

繁體中文

Français

Español

Australia



















SPS Commerce - Wikipedia






















 






SPS Commerce

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


SPS Commerce, Inc.





Type

Public


Traded as
NASDAQ: SPSC
S&P 600 Component


Industry
Technology – application software


Founded
1987


Founder
Gary W Anderson[citation needed]


Headquarters
Minneapolis, Minnesota, United States



Key people


Archie C. Black (CEO, President, Director)[1] Kimberly K. Nelson [2]
(Chief Financial Officer, and Principal Accounting Officer)
James J. Frome
(Chief Operating Officer)
Jamie Thingelstad [3]
(Chief Technology Officer)


Services
Supply chain management solutions, EDI


Revenue
$ 127.9M (2014) [4]



Number of employees

943 (2015) [5]


Website
www.spscommerce.com


SPS Commerce is a corporation based in the United States that provides cloud-based supply chain management software to retailers, suppliers, third-party logistics providers and partners.[6] The company's headquarters are located in Minneapolis, Minnesota,[7] but it also has US offices in San Diego and New Jersey, and international locations in Beijing, Hong Kong, Sydney, Melbourne, London, Toronto, and Kiev.[8] In 2015, the Minneapolis Star Tribune reported that SPS Commerce was ranked by WorkplaceDynamics as the best large workplace in Minnesota.[9] SPS was also ranked among the top 10 fastest growing publicly traded companies in Minnesota in 2014.[10]



Contents


1 History
2 Products and services
3 References
4 External links



History[edit]
The company was founded in 1987[11] under the name St. Paul Software.[12] In 2000, the company sold its software business to Netherlands-based TIE Commerce.[13] After the sale, the company primarily offered Internet-based business-to-business exchanges for retailers and manufacturers.[14] St. Paul Software was renamed SPS Commerce in May 2001.[15] SPS Commerce went public in April 2010 when it debuted on the NASDAQ global market.[16] Soon after, the company acquired San Diego-based EDI services company Direct EDI for $10.9m, adding 40 employees in a San Diego office and a development group in Ukraine.[17] SPS continued to expand its operations in 2012 with the purchase of New Jersey-based data analytics firm Edifice,[18] and in 2014 with the $14.9m acquisition of LeadTec, a supply chain solutions provider headquartered in Melbourne, Australia.[19] In 2015, SPS hired former Target Corp CIO Beth Jacob in an executive role.[20][21]
Products and services[edit]
SPS Commerce applications facilitate supply chain automation, electronic communication and data analytics.[22] Specific product offerings include Trading Partner Fulfillment, Assortment, and Analytics, as well as bar code labeling and Scan & Pack solutions.[23]
References[edit]



^ "Executive Profile, Archie C Black". Bloomberg. Retrieved 23 September 2015. 
^ "Executive Profile, Kimberly K Nelson". Bloomberg. Retrieved 23 September 2015. 
^ Thingelstad, Jamie (21 Nov 2013). "Meet a Minnesota CTO: Jamie Thingelstad" (Interview). Interview with TECHdotMN. Minneapolis. Retrieved 23 September 2015. 
^ "SPS Commerce Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2014 Financial Results" (Press release). Minneapolis. GLOBE NEWSWIRE. 5 February 2015. Retrieved 2015-09-28. 
^ "Company Info, SPS Commerce Inc.". Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 23 September 2015. 
^ Grayson, Katharine. "Now public, SPS Commerce plans to keep hiring". Minneapolis/St. Paul Business Journal. Retrieved 12 March 2014. 
^ Willard, Elizabeth. "No. 3 medium company: SPS Commerce Inc.". Minneapolis/St. Paul Business Journal. Retrieved 12 March 2014. 
^ "SPS Commerce positioning retail supply-chain software for global presence". The Line Media. Retrieved 23 September 2015. 
^ "SPS Commerce lands at No. 1 on Top Workplaces list of large companies". Minneapolis Star Tribune. Retrieved 23 September 2015. 
^ "Digital River's exit leaves just one software company on MN's Top 100 Public List". Minneapolis St Paul Business Journal. Retrieved 23 September 2015. 
^ "Company Profile SPS Commerce". Inc. Magazine. Retrieved 12 March 2014. 
^ "Profile SPS Commerce, Inc.". Yahoo Finance. Retrieved 12 March 2014. 
^ "SPS Solutions Joins TIE Commerce; SPS Solutions Expands Its B2B Product and Service Offerings" (Press release). St. Paul Minnesota. PR News Wire. 2000-04-18. Retrieved 2015-09-28. 
^ Reilly, Mark. "SPS Commerce Raises Another $10M to Expand". Minneapolis/St. Paul Business Journal. Retrieved 12 March 2014. 
^ "SPS Commerce Inc (SPSC:NASDAQ GS)". BusinessWeek. Retrieved 12 March 2014. 
^ Pimentel, Benjamin. "Three tech firms debut in busy IPO day". MarketWatch. Retrieved 12 March 2014. 
^ "Logistics technology: SPS Commerce acquires Direct EDI". Logistics Management. Retrieved 23 September 2015. 
^ "SPS Commerce acquires business data service Edifice for $26 million". Pioneer Press. Retrieved 23 September 2015. 
^ Spencer, Leon. "Australia's Leadtec snapped up in $14.9m SPS Commerce deal". ZDNet. Retrieved 23 September 2015. 
^ Boulton, Clint. "Former Target CIO Beth Jacob Lands at SPS Commerce". Wall Street Journal. 
^ Kumar, Kavita. "SPS Commerce hires former Target tech executive". Minneapolis Star Tribune. 
^ "Profile: SPS Commerce Inc (SPSC.O)". Reuters. Retrieved 12 March 2014. 
^ "SPS Commerce Inc (SPSC) Snapshot". Bloomberg. 



External links[edit]

Official website





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=SPS_Commerce&oldid=788679001"					
Categories: Companies based in MinneapolisSupply chain software companiesCompanies listed on NASDAQCompanies established in 1987Hidden categories: Pages using deprecated image syntaxAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from October 2016 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


Українська 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 2 July 2017, at 21:04.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 










Creative Commons — Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported
— CC BY-SA 3.0 






















Skip to content








 Menu















Help us build a vibrant, collaborative global commons
Donate Now














Creative Commons


Creative Commons License Deed







Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported

(CC BY-SA 3.0)








This is a human-readable summary of (and not a substitute for) the license.


Disclaimer.






You are free to:


Share — copy and redistribute the material in any medium or format


Adapt — remix, transform, and build upon the material


for any purpose, even commercially.

















The licensor cannot revoke these freedoms as long as you follow the license terms.




Under the following terms:



Attribution — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.




Attribute this work:












ShareAlike — If you remix, transform, or build upon the material, you must distribute your contributions under the same license as the original.








No additional restrictions — You may not apply legal terms or technological measures that legally restrict others from doing anything the license permits.






Notices:



You do not have to comply with the license for elements of the material in the public domain or where your use is permitted by an applicable exception or limitation.


No warranties are given. The license may not give you all of the permissions necessary for your intended use. For example, other rights such as publicity, privacy, or moral rights may limit how you use the material.








Learn more about CC licensing, or use the license for your own material.






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
Make a Donation






This page is available in the following languages:


Castellano
Castellano (España)
Català
Dansk
Deutsch
English
Esperanto
français
Galego
hrvatski
Indonesia
Italiano
Latviski
Lietuvių
Melayu
Nederlands
Norsk
polski
Português
Português (BR)
română
Slovenščina
Suomeksi
svenska
Türkçe
íslenska
česky
Ελληνικά
Беларуская
русский
українська
العربية
پارسی
中文
日本語
華語 (台灣)
한국어






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
When you share, everyone wins.





Contribute today to Creative Commons




$100



$50



$25



$5































Disclaimer

This deed highlights only some of the key features and terms of the actual license. It is not a license and has no legal value. You should carefully review all of the terms and conditions of the actual license before using the licensed material.
Creative Commons is not a law firm and does not provide legal services. Distributing, displaying, or linking to this deed or the license that it summarizes does not create a lawyer-client or any other relationship.




What does "Attribute this work" mean?


The page you came from contained embedded licensing metadata, including how the creator wishes to be attributed for re-use. You can use the HTML here to cite the work. Doing so will also include metadata on your page so that others can find the original work as well.




The applicable mediation rules will be designated in the copyright notice published with the work, or if none then in the request for mediation. Unless otherwise designated in a copyright notice attached to the work, the UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules apply to any arbitration.
More info.




If supplied, you must provide the name of the creator and attribution parties, a copyright notice, a license notice, a disclaimer notice, and a link to the material. CC licenses prior to Version 4.0 also require you to provide the title of the material if supplied, and may have other slight differences.
More info.




In 4.0, you must indicate if you modified the material and retain an indication of previous modifications. In 3.0 and earlier license versions, the indication of changes is only required if you create a derivative.
Marking guide.
More info.




You may also use a license listed as compatible at https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
More info.




A commercial use is one primarily intended for commercial advantage or monetary compensation.
More info.




Merely changing the format never creates a derivative.
More info.




The license prohibits application of effective technological measures, defined with reference to Article 11 of the WIPO Copyright Treaty.
More info.




The rights of users under exceptions and limitations, such as fair use and fair dealing, are not affected by the CC licenses.
More info.




You may need to get additional permissions before using the material as you intend.
More info.






























EDI Compliance | EDI Provider | SPS Commerce




































































 





















 



















LOGIN
Contact
Blog
Support
Careers
 



Select Page


  
 
 












SPS Commerce / Home 




Home







Click, pick, pack and ship.
Whether you buy, sell, make or move products, our cloud-based solutions help you manage the entire lifecycle of a retail purchase.
LEARN MORE GET STARTED
 
 




 
 


 
 


Click, pick, pack
and ship.
Whether you buy, sell, make or move products, our cloud-based solutions help you manage the entire lifecycle of a retail purchase.
LEARN MORE
 



 
 
 



Integrate your EDI services with your ERP or other business system:

 
 
 
 



We’re in the business of making your consumers happy.
Imagine a world without empty shelves. Without late orders. Without shipping mistakes. Without piles of e-commerce returns.
The right technology makes it happen.
 
 
 


FULFILLMENT
 

Electronically exchange purchase orders, invoices, advance ship notices and more.
LEARN MORE   
 
 

ANALYTICS
 

Intuitive reporting tools provide visibility into sales and inventory. Find out what’s selling!
LEARN MORE   
 
 

SOURCING
 

Find, evaluate and onboard new partners that offer your desired products and services.
LEARN MORE   
 
 
 


COMMUNITY
 

Onboard your vendor community with EDI, item management or analytics.
LEARN MORE   
 
 

ASSORTMENT
 

Manage product details, including descriptions and shipping information.
LEARN MORE   
 
 

EDI TESTING
 

Achieve EDI compliance quickly with our proven process.
LEARN MORE   
 
 
 
 




Ready to experience infinite retail power?
Whether you’re ready to get started or have a few questions first, an SPS expert will be happy to help.

Contact SPS Commerce

 
 
 
  
 
 


                Contact Sales            


 
 
 
 


English

简体中文

繁體中文

Français

Español

Australia



















SPS Commerce - Wikipedia






















 






SPS Commerce

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


SPS Commerce, Inc.





Type

Public


Traded as
NASDAQ: SPSC
S&P 600 Component


Industry
Technology – application software


Founded
1987


Founder
Gary W Anderson[citation needed]


Headquarters
Minneapolis, Minnesota, United States



Key people


Archie C. Black (CEO, President, Director)[1] Kimberly K. Nelson [2]
(Chief Financial Officer, and Principal Accounting Officer)
James J. Frome
(Chief Operating Officer)
Jamie Thingelstad [3]
(Chief Technology Officer)


Services
Supply chain management solutions, EDI


Revenue
$ 127.9M (2014) [4]



Number of employees

943 (2015) [5]


Website
www.spscommerce.com


SPS Commerce is a corporation based in the United States that provides cloud-based supply chain management software to retailers, suppliers, third-party logistics providers and partners.[6] The company's headquarters are located in Minneapolis, Minnesota,[7] but it also has US offices in San Diego and New Jersey, and international locations in Beijing, Hong Kong, Sydney, Melbourne, London, Toronto, and Kiev.[8] In 2015, the Minneapolis Star Tribune reported that SPS Commerce was ranked by WorkplaceDynamics as the best large workplace in Minnesota.[9] SPS was also ranked among the top 10 fastest growing publicly traded companies in Minnesota in 2014.[10]



Contents


1 History
2 Products and services
3 References
4 External links



History[edit]
The company was founded in 1987[11] under the name St. Paul Software.[12] In 2000, the company sold its software business to Netherlands-based TIE Commerce.[13] After the sale, the company primarily offered Internet-based business-to-business exchanges for retailers and manufacturers.[14] St. Paul Software was renamed SPS Commerce in May 2001.[15] SPS Commerce went public in April 2010 when it debuted on the NASDAQ global market.[16] Soon after, the company acquired San Diego-based EDI services company Direct EDI for $10.9m, adding 40 employees in a San Diego office and a development group in Ukraine.[17] SPS continued to expand its operations in 2012 with the purchase of New Jersey-based data analytics firm Edifice,[18] and in 2014 with the $14.9m acquisition of LeadTec, a supply chain solutions provider headquartered in Melbourne, Australia.[19] In 2015, SPS hired former Target Corp CIO Beth Jacob in an executive role.[20][21]
Products and services[edit]
SPS Commerce applications facilitate supply chain automation, electronic communication and data analytics.[22] Specific product offerings include Trading Partner Fulfillment, Assortment, and Analytics, as well as bar code labeling and Scan & Pack solutions.[23]
References[edit]



^ "Executive Profile, Archie C Black". Bloomberg. Retrieved 23 September 2015. 
^ "Executive Profile, Kimberly K Nelson". Bloomberg. Retrieved 23 September 2015. 
^ Thingelstad, Jamie (21 Nov 2013). "Meet a Minnesota CTO: Jamie Thingelstad" (Interview). Interview with TECHdotMN. Minneapolis. Retrieved 23 September 2015. 
^ "SPS Commerce Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2014 Financial Results" (Press release). Minneapolis. GLOBE NEWSWIRE. 5 February 2015. Retrieved 2015-09-28. 
^ "Company Info, SPS Commerce Inc.". Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 23 September 2015. 
^ Grayson, Katharine. "Now public, SPS Commerce plans to keep hiring". Minneapolis/St. Paul Business Journal. Retrieved 12 March 2014. 
^ Willard, Elizabeth. "No. 3 medium company: SPS Commerce Inc.". Minneapolis/St. Paul Business Journal. Retrieved 12 March 2014. 
^ "SPS Commerce positioning retail supply-chain software for global presence". The Line Media. Retrieved 23 September 2015. 
^ "SPS Commerce lands at No. 1 on Top Workplaces list of large companies". Minneapolis Star Tribune. Retrieved 23 September 2015. 
^ "Digital River's exit leaves just one software company on MN's Top 100 Public List". Minneapolis St Paul Business Journal. Retrieved 23 September 2015. 
^ "Company Profile SPS Commerce". Inc. Magazine. Retrieved 12 March 2014. 
^ "Profile SPS Commerce, Inc.". Yahoo Finance. Retrieved 12 March 2014. 
^ "SPS Solutions Joins TIE Commerce; SPS Solutions Expands Its B2B Product and Service Offerings" (Press release). St. Paul Minnesota. PR News Wire. 2000-04-18. Retrieved 2015-09-28. 
^ Reilly, Mark. "SPS Commerce Raises Another $10M to Expand". Minneapolis/St. Paul Business Journal. Retrieved 12 March 2014. 
^ "SPS Commerce Inc (SPSC:NASDAQ GS)". BusinessWeek. Retrieved 12 March 2014. 
^ Pimentel, Benjamin. "Three tech firms debut in busy IPO day". MarketWatch. Retrieved 12 March 2014. 
^ "Logistics technology: SPS Commerce acquires Direct EDI". Logistics Management. Retrieved 23 September 2015. 
^ "SPS Commerce acquires business data service Edifice for $26 million". Pioneer Press. Retrieved 23 September 2015. 
^ Spencer, Leon. "Australia's Leadtec snapped up in $14.9m SPS Commerce deal". ZDNet. Retrieved 23 September 2015. 
^ Boulton, Clint. "Former Target CIO Beth Jacob Lands at SPS Commerce". Wall Street Journal. 
^ Kumar, Kavita. "SPS Commerce hires former Target tech executive". Minneapolis Star Tribune. 
^ "Profile: SPS Commerce Inc (SPSC.O)". Reuters. Retrieved 12 March 2014. 
^ "SPS Commerce Inc (SPSC) Snapshot". Bloomberg. 



External links[edit]

Official website





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=SPS_Commerce&oldid=788679001"					
Categories: Companies based in MinneapolisSupply chain software companiesCompanies listed on NASDAQCompanies established in 1987Hidden categories: Pages using deprecated image syntaxAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from October 2016 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


Українська 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 2 July 2017, at 21:04.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






















SPS Commerce (@SPS_Commerce) | Twitter



























Skip to content









Home
Home
Home, current page.




About






Search query



Search Twitter









Searches you follow







Saved searches


Remove














In this conversation



Verified accountProtected Tweets @











    Suggested users
  







Verified accountProtected Tweets @












Verified accountProtected Tweets @




















Language: English 



 



Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
English UK
Español
Filipino
Français
Hrvatski
Italiano
Magyar
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português
Română
Slovenčina
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
Ελληνικά
Български език
Русский
Српски
Українська мова
עִבְרִית
العربية
فارسی
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
ಕನ್ನಡ
ภาษาไทย
한국어
日本語
简体中文
繁體中文




 








Have an account?  Log in


   

Have an account?










Remember me

·
Forgot password?











New to Twitter?
Sign up
                











































      SPS Commerce



@SPS_Commerce












Tweets
Tweets, current page.
3,567
            



Following
Following
1,042



Followers
Followers
2,491



Likes
Likes
1,333

 
 
More 







Likes






Unmute @SPS_Commerce

Mute @SPS_Commerce



Follow


      Following
  

      Unfollow
  

    Blocked
  

    Unblock
  

    Pending
  

    Cancel
  






















SPS Commerce



@SPS_Commerce


SPS perfects the power of your trading partner relationships, delivering #retail focused #supplychain solutions to over 70K companies worldwide. #omnichannel



            Minneapolis, MN

      



 
    spscommerce.com
  




Joined November 2010












                
                164 Photos and videos
            

            Photos and videos
          



















Tweets


Tweets
Tweets, current page.



                  Tweets & replies
                



                  Media
                





You blocked @SPS_Commerce
Are you sure you want to view these Tweets? Viewing Tweets won't unblock @SPS_Commerce
Yes, view profile






Close




            
            SPS Commerce followed
        





















Pinned Tweet







SPS Commerce‏ @SPS_Commerce

Jun 19






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







How does one win in retail? SPS CEO Archie Black and CMO Peter Zaballos offered 3 insights at #SPSInlfuence 2017:http://ow.ly/mx0c30bX0mu 









0 replies




1 retweet




2 likes








Reply










Retweet


1




Retweeted


1








Like


2





Liked


2










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













SPS Commerce‏ @SPS_Commerce

2h2 hours ago






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







#Retailers: Consider the impact manufacturers and vendors have your future brick and mortar store plans. Learn more:http://www.spscommerce.com/blog/retailers-ecosystem-retail-store-plans-spsa/ …









0 replies




1 retweet




1 like








Reply










Retweet


1




Retweeted


1








Like


1





Liked


1










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













SPS Commerce‏ @SPS_Commerce

16h16 hours ago






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







In the #grocery #ecommerce race, brick-and-mortar retailers actually are winning – at least for now.http://www.progressivegrocer.com/departments/technology/brick-and-mortar-currently-winning-ecommerce-game …









0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













SPS Commerce‏ @SPS_Commerce

21h21 hours ago






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







It’s one thing to say SPS boosts efficiencies or speeds onboarding. It’s another to have numbers proving it. More: http://www.spscommerce.com/resources/shop-com-roi/ …





0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













SPS Commerce‏ @SPS_Commerce

24h24 hours ago






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Bill Gibson of @Deposco revealed why retailers operational systems must integrate across all channels http://ow.ly/AAPt30bX0mq  #Retail









0 replies




3 retweets




1 like








Reply










Retweet


3




Retweeted


3








Like


1





Liked


1










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo










SPS Commerce Retweeted
            







WSJ Business News‏Verified account @WSJbusiness

Jul 20






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Sears appliances on Amazon? Looks like bad news for Lowe's and Home Depothttp://on.wsj.com/2uMyqyh 









1 reply




7 retweets




6 likes








Reply


1







Retweet


7




Retweeted


7








Like


6





Liked


6










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo










SPS Commerce Retweeted
            







SalesWarp‏ @SalesWarp

Jul 20






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







[NEW BLOG] How to Compete On Walmart Marketplace and Increase Sales http://bit.ly/2gN2CD1 pic.twitter.com/8a5Bl6skGQ
















0 replies




1 retweet




0 likes








Reply










Retweet


1




Retweeted


1








Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













SPS Commerce‏ @SPS_Commerce

Jul 20






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Practically everything you could ever want to know about what went down on @amazon Prime Day.  #Amazon #PrimeDayhttp://www.spscommerce.com/blog/20-facts-stats-amazon-prime-day-2017/ …









1 reply




1 retweet




2 likes








Reply


1







Retweet


1




Retweeted


1








Like


2





Liked


2










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













SPS Commerce‏ @SPS_Commerce

Jul 20






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Do you have something to #donate? 100% of proceeds will go directly to the six #charity partners. Learn more: https://spsauction.wpengine.com/ 





0 replies




0 retweets




1 like








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like


1





Liked


1










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













SPS Commerce‏ @SPS_Commerce

Jul 19






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Published rates, dimensional pricing, fuel surcharges don’t match, making it hard to compare pricing:    http://www.supplychain247.com/article/fedex_ups_pricing_models_no_longer_match/genco?ajs_uid=8242A8866812I9C …





0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













SPS Commerce‏ @SPS_Commerce

Jul 19






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







It’s one thing to say SPS increases efficiencies or speeds onboarding. It’s another to have numbers proving it. http://www.spscommerce.com/blog/shop-com-sps-solutions-roi-spsc/ … #SCM









0 replies




0 retweets




1 like








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like


1





Liked


1










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













SPS Commerce‏ @SPS_Commerce

Jul 19






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







SPS and Gartner offer this free report based on a survey of retailers with multi-channel operations. #Retailhttp://www.spscommerce.com/blog/gartner-report-sps-spsg/ …









0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













SPS Commerce‏ @SPS_Commerce

Jul 19






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Is JIT inventory management right for your business? What are the advantages? Read more from our partner @SalesWarp: http://ow.ly/mI0S30d3iEa pic.twitter.com/9sIFdFJomy
















0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













SPS Commerce‏ @SPS_Commerce

Jul 18






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







The accepted story is traffic at physical #retail stores is down due more #ecommerce sales, but is that the truth?https://www.forbes.com/sites/forbestechcouncil/2017/06/30/the-e-commerce-paradox-brick-and-mortar-killer-or-is-it/ …









0 replies




1 retweet




0 likes








Reply










Retweet


1




Retweeted


1








Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













SPS Commerce‏ @SPS_Commerce

Jul 18






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Once you're processing a certain number of documents, not having #EDI doesn't make sense. What's the magic number?http://ow.ly/Cz3930dJxfq 









0 replies




0 retweets




2 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like


2





Liked


2










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo










SPS Commerce Retweeted
            







Stitch Labs‏ @StitchLabs

Jul 18






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







How to succeed in today's consumer choice economy (w great advice from @SPS_Commerce @NuORDER_ & @whiplash_merch!)http://bit.ly/2pZZDbo 









0 replies




1 retweet




3 likes








Reply










Retweet


1




Retweeted


1








Like


3





Liked


3










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo










SPS Commerce Retweeted
            







SPS Commerce Careers‏ @SPS_Recruiters

Jul 18






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







It's time to enjoy our outdoor green space! Have lunch, socialize or have a bags tournament at our Turf Club! #SPSDayinthelifepic.twitter.com/wO2VAmdO8b
















0 replies




1 retweet




5 likes








Reply










Retweet


1




Retweeted


1








Like


5





Liked


5










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













SPS Commerce‏ @SPS_Commerce

Jul 18






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Vendor portals are a web-based, vendor management solution enabling better communication, collaboration. Learn more:http://www.spscommerce.com/blog/vendor-portals-benefits-spsa/ …









0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













SPS Commerce‏ @SPS_Commerce

Jul 17






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







80% in a survey said their buyers run an #EDI compliance program. 60% say data integration improves customer servicehttp://www.supplychaindive.com/news/EDI-supplier-data-linkage-visibility-connected-ERP/443706/ …









0 replies




0 retweets




1 like








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like


1





Liked


1










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













SPS Commerce‏ @SPS_Commerce

Jul 17






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







.@peterzaballos: #Failure is #data that should be seen as an opportunity to do better. For your #MondayMotivation:http://www.spscommerce.com/blog/embrace-failure-do-better-spsa/ …









0 replies




3 retweets




2 likes








Reply










Retweet


3




Retweeted


3








Like


2





Liked


2










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













SPS Commerce‏ @SPS_Commerce

Jul 17






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Amazon + Whole Foods is a #grocery game changer. Is your business prepared for the disruption potential? http://ow.ly/ISmw30dHb8l  #MemeMondaypic.twitter.com/eOMbt8pO7A
















0 replies




1 retweet




1 like








Reply










Retweet


1




Retweeted


1








Like


1





Liked


1










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo












          @SPS_Commerce hasn't Tweeted yet.
      
Back to top ↑












Loading seems to be taking a while.

      Twitter may be over capacity or experiencing a momentary hiccup. Try again or visit Twitter Status for more information.
    

















      New to Twitter?
    


    Sign up now to get your own personalized timeline!
  

Sign up




You may also like
    ·
    Refresh








false












© 2017 Twitter
About
Help Center
Terms
Privacy policy
Cookies
Ads info




















Close




            
            Choose a trend location
          






















Dismiss











Close







            Previous
          







            Next
          













Close



Go to a person's profile












Searches you follow







Saved searches


Remove














In this conversation



Verified accountProtected Tweets @











    Suggested users
  







Verified accountProtected Tweets @












Verified accountProtected Tweets @


























Close



Promote this Tweet

















Close



Block






Cancel
Block












Add a location to your Tweets

        When you tweet with a location, Twitter stores that location. 
        You can switch location on/off before each Tweet and always have the option to delete your location history.
        Learn more


Turn location on
Not now


























Close



Share Location















Results from 



Send









Close



Your lists













Close



Create a new list




List name




Description

Under 100 characters, optional



Privacy



Public · Anyone can follow this list
      


Private · Only you can access this list
      




Save list











Close
























Close



Copy link to Tweet




Here's the URL for this Tweet. Copy it to easily share with friends.












Close



Embed this Tweet
Embed this Video



Add this Tweet to your website by copying the code below. Learn more
Add this video to your website by copying the code below. Learn more




Hmm, there was a problem reaching the server. Try again?






            Include parent Tweet
          




            Include media
          




By embedding Twitter content in your website or app, you are agreeing to the Twitter Developer Agreement and Developer Policy.
Preview












Close



Why you're seeing this ad
















Close



Log in to Twitter
















Remember me

·
Forgot password?












        Don't have an account? Sign up »









Close



Sign up for Twitter





Not on Twitter? Sign up, tune into the things you care about, and get updates as they happen.


Sign up




        Have an account? Log in »









Close



Two-way (sending and receiving) short codes:





Country
Code
For customers of




United States
40404
(any)


Canada
21212
(any)


United Kingdom
86444
Vodafone, Orange, 3, O2


Brazil
40404
Nextel, TIM


Haiti
40404
Digicel, Voila


Ireland
51210
Vodafone, O2


India
53000
Bharti Airtel, Videocon, Reliance


Indonesia
89887
AXIS, 3, Telkomsel, Indosat, XL Axiata


Italy
4880804
Wind


3424486444
Vodafone





        » See SMS short codes for other countries













Close



Confirmation



















Close



 
















Close














            Skip all
          




    Welcome home!
  
This timeline is where you’ll spend most of your time, getting instant updates about what matters to you.




    Tweets not working for you?
  

    Hover over the profile pic and click the Following button to unfollow any account.
  




    Say a lot with a little
  

    When you see a Tweet you love, tap the heart — it lets  the person who wrote it know you shared the love.
  




    Spread the word
  

    The fastest way to share someone else’s Tweet with your followers is with a Retweet. Tap the icon to send it instantly.
  




    Join the conversation
  

    Add your thoughts about any Tweet with a Reply. Find a topic you’re passionate about, and jump right in.
  




    Learn the latest
  

    Get instant insight into what people are talking about now.
  




    Get more of what you love
  

    Follow more accounts to get instant updates about topics you care about.
  




    Find what's happening
  

    See the latest conversations about any topic instantly.
  




    Never miss a Moment
  

    Catch up instantly on the best stories happening as they unfold.
  



Back
Next














Next Tweet from user

























SPS Commerce - Wikipedia






















 






SPS Commerce

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


SPS Commerce, Inc.





Type

Public


Traded as
NASDAQ: SPSC
S&P 600 Component


Industry
Technology – application software


Founded
1987


Founder
Gary W Anderson[citation needed]


Headquarters
Minneapolis, Minnesota, United States



Key people


Archie C. Black (CEO, President, Director)[1] Kimberly K. Nelson [2]
(Chief Financial Officer, and Principal Accounting Officer)
James J. Frome
(Chief Operating Officer)
Jamie Thingelstad [3]
(Chief Technology Officer)


Services
Supply chain management solutions, EDI


Revenue
$ 127.9M (2014) [4]



Number of employees

943 (2015) [5]


Website
www.spscommerce.com


SPS Commerce is a corporation based in the United States that provides cloud-based supply chain management software to retailers, suppliers, third-party logistics providers and partners.[6] The company's headquarters are located in Minneapolis, Minnesota,[7] but it also has US offices in San Diego and New Jersey, and international locations in Beijing, Hong Kong, Sydney, Melbourne, London, Toronto, and Kiev.[8] In 2015, the Minneapolis Star Tribune reported that SPS Commerce was ranked by WorkplaceDynamics as the best large workplace in Minnesota.[9] SPS was also ranked among the top 10 fastest growing publicly traded companies in Minnesota in 2014.[10]



Contents


1 History
2 Products and services
3 References
4 External links



History[edit]
The company was founded in 1987[11] under the name St. Paul Software.[12] In 2000, the company sold its software business to Netherlands-based TIE Commerce.[13] After the sale, the company primarily offered Internet-based business-to-business exchanges for retailers and manufacturers.[14] St. Paul Software was renamed SPS Commerce in May 2001.[15] SPS Commerce went public in April 2010 when it debuted on the NASDAQ global market.[16] Soon after, the company acquired San Diego-based EDI services company Direct EDI for $10.9m, adding 40 employees in a San Diego office and a development group in Ukraine.[17] SPS continued to expand its operations in 2012 with the purchase of New Jersey-based data analytics firm Edifice,[18] and in 2014 with the $14.9m acquisition of LeadTec, a supply chain solutions provider headquartered in Melbourne, Australia.[19] In 2015, SPS hired former Target Corp CIO Beth Jacob in an executive role.[20][21]
Products and services[edit]
SPS Commerce applications facilitate supply chain automation, electronic communication and data analytics.[22] Specific product offerings include Trading Partner Fulfillment, Assortment, and Analytics, as well as bar code labeling and Scan & Pack solutions.[23]
References[edit]



^ "Executive Profile, Archie C Black". Bloomberg. Retrieved 23 September 2015. 
^ "Executive Profile, Kimberly K Nelson". Bloomberg. Retrieved 23 September 2015. 
^ Thingelstad, Jamie (21 Nov 2013). "Meet a Minnesota CTO: Jamie Thingelstad" (Interview). Interview with TECHdotMN. Minneapolis. Retrieved 23 September 2015. 
^ "SPS Commerce Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2014 Financial Results" (Press release). Minneapolis. GLOBE NEWSWIRE. 5 February 2015. Retrieved 2015-09-28. 
^ "Company Info, SPS Commerce Inc.". Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 23 September 2015. 
^ Grayson, Katharine. "Now public, SPS Commerce plans to keep hiring". Minneapolis/St. Paul Business Journal. Retrieved 12 March 2014. 
^ Willard, Elizabeth. "No. 3 medium company: SPS Commerce Inc.". Minneapolis/St. Paul Business Journal. Retrieved 12 March 2014. 
^ "SPS Commerce positioning retail supply-chain software for global presence". The Line Media. Retrieved 23 September 2015. 
^ "SPS Commerce lands at No. 1 on Top Workplaces list of large companies". Minneapolis Star Tribune. Retrieved 23 September 2015. 
^ "Digital River's exit leaves just one software company on MN's Top 100 Public List". Minneapolis St Paul Business Journal. Retrieved 23 September 2015. 
^ "Company Profile SPS Commerce". Inc. Magazine. Retrieved 12 March 2014. 
^ "Profile SPS Commerce, Inc.". Yahoo Finance. Retrieved 12 March 2014. 
^ "SPS Solutions Joins TIE Commerce; SPS Solutions Expands Its B2B Product and Service Offerings" (Press release). St. Paul Minnesota. PR News Wire. 2000-04-18. Retrieved 2015-09-28. 
^ Reilly, Mark. "SPS Commerce Raises Another $10M to Expand". Minneapolis/St. Paul Business Journal. Retrieved 12 March 2014. 
^ "SPS Commerce Inc (SPSC:NASDAQ GS)". BusinessWeek. Retrieved 12 March 2014. 
^ Pimentel, Benjamin. "Three tech firms debut in busy IPO day". MarketWatch. Retrieved 12 March 2014. 
^ "Logistics technology: SPS Commerce acquires Direct EDI". Logistics Management. Retrieved 23 September 2015. 
^ "SPS Commerce acquires business data service Edifice for $26 million". Pioneer Press. Retrieved 23 September 2015. 
^ Spencer, Leon. "Australia's Leadtec snapped up in $14.9m SPS Commerce deal". ZDNet. Retrieved 23 September 2015. 
^ Boulton, Clint. "Former Target CIO Beth Jacob Lands at SPS Commerce". Wall Street Journal. 
^ Kumar, Kavita. "SPS Commerce hires former Target tech executive". Minneapolis Star Tribune. 
^ "Profile: SPS Commerce Inc (SPSC.O)". Reuters. Retrieved 12 March 2014. 
^ "SPS Commerce Inc (SPSC) Snapshot". Bloomberg. 



External links[edit]

Official website





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=SPS_Commerce&oldid=788679001"					
Categories: Companies based in MinneapolisSupply chain software companiesCompanies listed on NASDAQCompanies established in 1987Hidden categories: Pages using deprecated image syntaxAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from October 2016 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


Українська 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 2 July 2017, at 21:04.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













		EDI Solutions and Products | 1EDISource	











































 



















Call an EDI Expert at: (877) 334-9650
Contact Us






toggle menu

menu



EDI Products

EDI Products
Find My Product
Request a Demo
Product Comparison Chart
EDI HQ: EDI Software
AS2 Complete: AS2 Software
EDI MX: Managed EDI
EDI PX: Web-based EDI
IntelligentXchange: Analytics


EDI Services

EDI Services
Training

1EDI University


EDI Consulting

Quickstart EDI
Migration Planning


Customer Support

Support Resources


ERP Integrations
Trading Partner Integrations


Industries

Industries
CPG Manufacturing
CPG Retail
Logistics and Distribution
Transportation
Manufacturing
Healthcare
Business Services


Knowledge Center

Knowledge Center
What is EDI?
What is AS2?
Buyer’s Guide
EDI 101 Guide
Resource Center
EDI Transactions
Case Studies
Webinars


EDI Blog
About

About
Our Story
Our Team
Careers
Become a Partner
Referral Program
Press


 





EDI Software and Solutions For All Businesses
Most EDI solutions are one size fits all. 1EDISource provides flexible and customizable solutions to fit your business needs. Our suite of products offers products that are scalable for any size business, or if you’d rather not manage your EDI, we can do it for you. Below you can view all of our products to see which is the best fit for your business.
Watch Our Video





Close X








EDI HeadQuarters [HQ]
EDI Headquarters is 1EDISource’s most comprehensive EDI solution. HQ allows you to manage and access your EDI data your way, whether you choose On-Premise or Hosted we can cater HQ to meet your industry specific needs. HQ provides our clients with a scalable and flexible solution which is supported by your EDI experts. HQ provides versatile platforms that allow you to fully leverage integrated ERP solutions and provide visibility for direct conflict resolution to instantly elevate your partner requirements bringing your partner relationships to new levels.
Learn more about HQ







managedXchange [MX]
1EDISource has been automating B2B exchange for more than 25 years, generating benefits for your organization such as streamlined business processes, reduction of manual entry, and more accurate data input for your back office. This is accomplished through our managedXchange platform. MX allows our experienced professional consultants to increase the speed of client onboarding and provide integration options tailored to your unique business needs. Best of all, you retain the option to bring EDI back in house with our HQ solution.
Learn more about MX







partnerXchange [PX]
Do you have new trading partners to connect with and need a quick and easily implemented EDI solution right now? PartnerXchange is the perfect EDI solution for your needs. PX is a cutting edge EDI platform that empowers you to exchange data with your trading partners easily and effectively. By utilizing PX for your business, you’ll gain several advantages such as: configurable alerts to avoid missed deadlines, complete trading partner compliance, a simple intuitive interface to guide users new to EDI and much more.
Learn more about PX







intelligentXchange [IX]
IntelligentXchange is our flagship cloud-based software that provides empowered data through visibility. IX is our EDI translator and transforms complicated EDI data into actionable information for any department. IX immediately limits mistakes and research time while finding opportunities quickly and significantly improves client relationships and revenue. The best part of IX is that it’s a clip on software solution that works with any EDI platform.
Learn more about IX







AS2 Complete
AS2 Complete is the right solution for your data encryption needs. Our AS2 solutions provides secure and reliable access to share EDI files with your partners whether you have 1 or a 100. AS2 enables you to easily set up and manage trading partners, quickly generate certificates, respond and comply with your partner requirements and manage messages through alerts and logs from an inbound and outbound transmission.
Learn more about AS2 Complete





Compare Our Products

	﻿


  partnerXchange®
A Web Based EDI Solution For Small Businesses

 Completely Web-Based
 Review and Respond to customer documents
 Create ship notices and print labels

Learn More

  managedXchange®
An Outsourced EDI Solution Great For Any Size Business

 Outsource your EDI
 Cloud based solution, no infrastructure required
 24/7 monitoring of EDI process
 Full visibility of all your data

Learn More

  EDI HeadQuarters®
A Robust EDI Solution For Complete Control

 Manage your EDI entirely in-house
 On-premise or hosted
 Unlimited transaction volume
 Many trading partners
 Enterprise Level Offering

Learn More

  intelligentXchange®
EDI Visibility Layer That Clips on to Your Current System

 Full visibility of related documents
 Human-readable EDI data
 Accessible EDI for other departments
 Web-based cloud solution

Learn More








Want Insider Knowledge of EDI?
We have lots of helpful resources packed full of data, statistics, tips, a buying checklist and more!
Download Buyer's Guide





 































	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads







































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































