

SQN Alternative Investment Fund III, L.P.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 12:46 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of SQN Alternative Investment Fund III, L.P.



Snapshot People




Company Overview



100 Wall Street28th FloorNew York, NY 10005United States



Phone: 212-422-2166

Fax: 877-214-1475








Key Executives for SQN Alternative Investment Fund III, L.P.


SQN Alternative Investment Fund III, L.P. does not have any Key Executives recorded. 



SQN Alternative Investment Fund III, L.P. Key Developments

SQN Alternative Investment Fund III, L.P. announced delayed 10-Q filing
Nov 15 16
On 11/15/2016, SQN Alternative Investment Fund III, L.P. announced that they will be unable to file their next 10-Q by the deadline required by the SEC.


SQN Alternative Investment Fund III L.P. Makes Significant Liquidation Distribution to its Limited Partners
Aug 31 15
SQN Alternative Investment Fund III L.P. made a significant liquidation distribution to its limited partners in an amount equivalent to 16.5% of each limited partner's capital contribution. The distribution was funded from sale proceeds Fund III received from the sale of its interest in an anaerobic digestion facility located in the United Kingdom. The facility was purchased by the lessee of the facility prior to the expiration of the lease. Since entering its liquidation period in June 2014, Fund III has made aggregate distributions in an amount totaling 23.5% of each limited partner's capital contribution. To date, Fund III has paid aggregate distributions to its limited partners totaling approximately $9,812,000. Limited partners admitted at the first closing have received aggregate distributions totaling 41.50% of their capital contributions. During its liquidation period Fund III will continue to make periodic distributions as the remaining portfolio assets are liquidated in the normal course of business.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact SQN Alternative Investment Fund III, L.P., please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























SQN Alternative Investment Fund III, L.P.: CEO and Executives - Bloomberg








































  





















































































July 28, 2017 12:46 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of SQN Alternative Investment Fund III, L.P.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Key Executives for SQN Alternative Investment Fund III, L.P.
NameBoard RelationshipsTitleAgeThere is no Key Executives data available.
SQN Alternative Investment Fund III, L.P. Board Members*
NameBoard RelationshipsPrimary CompanyAgeThere is no Board Members data available.
SQN Alternative Investment Fund III, L.P. Executive Committees*
Committee NameChairpersonBoard RelationshipsMembersThere is no committee data available.
*Data is at least as current as the most recent Definitive Proxy.
Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



CEO COMPENSATION IN THIS INDUSTRY  Industry Range










INDUSTRY EXECUTIVE CHANGESThere is no Executive Change data available.Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact SQN Alternative Investment Fund III, L.P., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























SQN Capital



 
































Skip to Content




SQN Capital


 












What We Do

SQN Capital Management, LLC (“SQN US”) and its UK subsidiary SQN Capital Management (UK) Limited (“SQN UK”) are together the independent asset managers to institutional investors. Headquartered in New York City and specializing in alternative asset management, SQN US is a registered investment advisor and provides investment advisory and portfolio management services to four private offerings, two public direct participation programs, one exchange-listed fund and separately-managed accounts.  SQN’s investment strategy is focused on business-essential, revenue-producing or cost-saving assets.  Historically, SQN has invested in the agricultural, energy, environmental, medical, manufacturing, technology, and transportation industries.
Formed in 2007 as a joint venture between the US and UK teams, SQN is comprised of professionals that have been working together since 2001. The principals and directors of SQN are experienced in structuring asset-based financing both domestically and internationally.  SQN has concluded several successful transactions and actively manages investments throughout the United States and European Union.
Whether as an investor, financing partner, or fund manager, everything under the SQN umbrella is guided by three governing principles: Transparency, Alignment, and Low Cost Structure.
 
SQN FUND PORTAL LOG-IN
 
 
 




News


January 9, 2015

The DI Wire Article
New York-Based Sponsor Announces 2014 Achievements
 



August 12, 2014

Five wealth managers reveal their top investment trust picks
Peter Askew, senior fund manager at T Bailey Asset Management, selects SQN Asset Finance Income Fund Limited.
 



July 18, 2014

SQN opens trading session on London Stock Exchange
On July 18, 2014, London Stock Exchange welcomed the SQN Asset Finance Income Fund Limited to open unconditional dealings, marking the admission of its shares to the premium listing segment of the Official List and to trading on the Main Market on Monday, 14 July 2014.
 















 



Home
About Us

Advisory Role
Professionals


Transactions
Managed Funds

Public Funds


Contact Us
Business Continuity Plan
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions



 































Leadership | SQN Asset Income Fund V, L.P.




  




















 















Leadership

You are here: 

Home
Leadership













Leadership
Claudine Aquillon has served as Chief Executive Officer and Chief Operating Officer of our General Partner and our Investment Manager since inception. Ms. Aquillon joined SQN Capital Management, LLC in September 2014 as its Chief Operating Officer. Ms. Aquillon brings over 25 years of operations experience, in both the public and private sectors, to our Investment Manager. During her career in the financial services industry, Ms. Aquillon has served in multiple senior management and director positions at independent leasing companies, international banks, and financial consulting and due diligence firms where her primary responsibility was to oversee and manage the administrative, financial, legal, operational and risk functions. Prior to joining SQN Capital Management, LLC, Ms. Aquillon was the Operations Officer for JMAC Partners, LLC from February 2014 to September 2014; prior to that time she was the Vice President – Risk for Morgan Stanley from June 2011 to February 2014. Ms. Aquillon also brings mergers & acquisition experience, having been part of a team that structured multiple successful acquisitions in the banking and financial services industry. Ms. Aquillon received her B.A. in Business Administration & Finance from Bradford College and has a Master Black Belt in Six Sigma.
Michael Miroshnikov has served as President and Chief Compliance Officer of our General Partner and our Investment Manager since inception. Mr. Miroshnikov was a founder of SQN Capital Management, LLC and, since 2013, has spearheaded the growth and development of SQN Capital Management LLC’s acquisition and origination division. Mr. Miroshnikov is also Managing Director of SQN Venture Partners, a manager of a venture debt fund. Mr. Miroshnikov served as an investment committee member for SQN SOF, SQN III and SQN IV. Mr. Miroshnikov began his career in the equipment leasing and finance industry in 2002. Since 2007, Mr. Miroshnikov has played an integral role at SQN Capital Management, LLC in a variety of capacities including operations, compliance, acquisitions and executive management. Mr. Miroshnikov possesses a specific expertise in technology, manufacturing, medical, marine, energy and aviation assets and the respective industries. In 2005, he graduated Cum Laude with a B.A. in Investment Finance from the Zicklin School of Business at Baruch College and in 2009 received a Juris Doctorate degree from Brooklyn Law School. He also holds Series 7, 24, and 63 licenses.
Joshua Yifat has served as Chief Financial Officer of our General Partner and our Investment Manager since July 1, 2016. Mr. Yifat has over eighteen years of business finance, accounting, tax and corporate auditing experience, including positions at Morgan Stanley Smith Barney, KPMG LLP, along with other regional accounting firms. He has extensive experience in the alternative investments industry including hedge funds and private equity funds. From September 2014 through June 2016, Mr. Yifat served as a consultant chief financial officer with a CFO outsourcing firm, The CFO Squad, providing CFO strategies and services to various small to mid-sized publicly traded companies and alternative investments funds. Prior to that, from May 2011 through January 2014, Mr. Yifat was the chief financial officer of Infinity Augmented Reality, Inc., a publicly traded company on the OTC, where he provided multi-functional executive leadership on accounting, finances, operations and investor/shareholder relations. Prior to that, from December 2007 through April 2011, Mr. Yifat was a Vice President of the Managed Futures Group at Morgan Stanley Smith Barney, where he supervised 40 managed futures funds with assets under management in excess of $6.5 billion. Prior to Morgan Stanley Smith Barney, Mr. Yifat spent 8 years with various accounting firms as senior auditor within the financial services group. Mr. Yifat holds a B.S. from Touro College.
Michael C. Ponticello has served as Executive Vice President of our General Partner and our Investment Manager since inception. Mr. Ponticello is a founder of SQN Capital Management, LLC and has led its capital raising efforts through the Independent Broker-Dealer and Registered Investment Advisor channels since its inception. Since 2007, Mr. Ponticello has played an integral role at SQN Capital Management, LLC, including serving as its Executive Vice President and National Sales Manager. Mr. Ponticello was also responsible for the establishment and development of our initial exclusive selling agent, SQN Securities, LLC, and serves as its President. Mr. Ponticello is also Managing Director of SQN Venture Partners, a manager of a venture debt fund. Mr. Ponticello started his career in equipment leasing and asset finance in 2001 at an alternative investment firm. Mr. Ponticello served as a Board member and Director of The Alternative & Direct Investment Securities Association (ADISA), a national trade association of decision makers who influence over 30,000 professionals involved in alternative investments, primarily non-traded alternatives. Mr. Ponticello received his B.A. from the Zicklin School of Business at Baruch College. He also holds Series 7, 24, and 63 licenses.
Carmine Cozelino has served as Senior Vice President of our General Partner and our Investment Manager since inception. Mr. Cozelino joined SQN Capital Management, LLC and SQN Securities, LLC in 2014 and serves as Senior Vice President of each of those entities. Mr. Cozelino brings a diverse professional background to our Investment Manager. His key attribute is an in-depth knowledge of sales and marketing with a focus on product structuring, working with non-traded investments including asset backed financing, specializing in equipment finance and real estate. Prior to joining SQN Capital Management, LLC and SQN Securities, LLC, Mr. Cozelino most recently served as Vice President Product Specialist with ICON Investments focusing on non-traded equipment funds. He also served as Vice President and National Sales Desk Manager with ICON Investments where he held multiple sales leadership roles since 2008. Prior to that time, Mr. Cozelino was a Senior Regional Consultant with Alliance Bernstein charged with mutual fund and separately managed account distribution across the Midwest, working with Registered Investment Advisors, wire houses, and independent Broker-Dealer representatives. Mr. Cozelino received his B.A. in Political Science and International Affairs from Hofstra University and holds Series 7, 39 and 63 Licenses.

















NOT AN OFFER TO SELL SECURITIES

The material in this Website does not constitute an offer to sell, nor a solicitation of an offer to buy the securities described herein. Such an offering is made only by means of a prospectus. The prospectus must be read in order to understand fully all the implications and risks of any offering of securities to which it relates.
 
This sales and advertising literature is neither an offer to sell nor a solicitation of an offer to buy securities. An offering is made only by the prospectus.
 
The Company has a limited operating history and limited established financing sources. As a result, an investment in the Company is speculative. In addition, investors will not acquire an interest in the Company's advisor.

This literature must be read in conjunction with the prospectus in order to fully understand all of the implications and risks of the offering of securities to which the prospectus relates. A copy of the prospectus must be made available to you in connection with any offering.

None of the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Attorney General of the State of New York nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or determined if this prospectus is truthful or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense.















































	SQN ALTERNATIVE INVESTMENT FUND III, L.P. - 10-K - Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations































MENU 

MENU

Home
Optical Networking 
Virtualization
Hyperscale Data Centers
eNews 
 Contact Us 
 RSS Feeds 














     
   Transforming Network Infrastructure Industry News 




 




















[March 31, 2014]


SQN ALTERNATIVE INVESTMENT FUND III, L.P. - 10-K - Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

(Edgar Glimpses Via Acquire Media NewsEdge) Overview

We are a Delaware limited partnership formed on March 10, 2010. We operate a
fund in which the capital invested by our Limited Partners is pooled together.
This pool of capital is then used to invest in business-essential,
revenue-producing (or cost-saving) equipment and other physical assets with
substantial economic lives and, in many cases, associated revenue streams. The
pooled capital contributions are also used to pay fees and expenses associated
with our organization and to fund a capital reserve.
 


Our principal investment strategy is to invest in business-essential,
revenue-producing (or cost-savings) equipment with high in-place value and long,
relative to the investment term, economic life. We expect to achieve our
investment strategy by making investments in equipment already subject to lease
or originating equipment leases in such equipment, which will include: (i)
purchasing equipment and leasing it to third-party end users; (ii) providing
equipment and other asset financing; (iii) acquiring equipment subject to lease
and (iv) acquiring ownership rights (residual value interests) in leased
equipment at lease expiration. From time to time, we may also purchase equipment
and sell it directly to our leasing customers.

Many of our investments are, and we anticipate will continue to be, structured
as full payout or operating leases. Full payout leases generally are leases
under which the rent over the initial term of the lease will return our invested
capital plus an appropriate return without consideration of the residual value,
and where the lessee may acquire the equipment or other assets at the expiration
of the lease term. Operating leases generally are leases under which the
aggregate non-cancelable rental payments during the original term of the lease,
on a net present value basis, are not sufficient to recover the purchase price
of the equipment or other assets leased under the lease.

We commenced our Operating Period on June 29, 2011 with our first equipment
transaction. During the Operating Period we will invest most of the net offering
proceeds in items of equipment that are subject to leases, equipment financing
transactions, and residual ownership rights in leased equipment. After the net
offering proceeds are invested, additional investments will be made with the
cash proceeds generated from our initial investments, to the extent that cash is
not needed for expenses, reserves, or distributions to Limited Partners. The
investment in additional equipment in this manner is called "reinvestment."

Current Business Environment and Outlook

We believe that 2014 will continue to present attractive opportunities for
equipment lease and asset finance investments. While interest rates have been at
historical lows, we expect rates to increase later in the year. Increasing
interest rates generally result in increased returns on asset based investments
but it also increases the cost of leverage so we do not see much of a net effect
on our gross margins on the leverage portions of our portfolios. Our single
investor leases and loans should benefit from any increase in interest rates
over the long term. In the short term, we are seeing a lot of downward pressure
on returns in certain of the asset classes that we have historically invested in
in the United Kingdom. Specifically, alternative energy products tied to UK
government subsidies such as solar installations and LED lighting. Specialty
finance firms have raised a tremendous amount of capital targeted toward these
asset classes which has driven down financing rates across the sector. The
competitive environment is firming up with a few large participants exiting the
market but with a growing number of well capitalized new participants prepared
to absorb market share. As the market settles, we think there is more
opportunity than there has been in years to acquire season portfolios of
equipment leases. We also think that there may be opportunity for consolidation
in the next year or two. Overall we think that companies have a positive outlook
for growth in 2014 and we anticipate capital asset and equipment acquisition
will be an essential part of that growth.

Current Industry Trends

According to the Equipment Leasing and Finance Foundation's "2014 Equipment
Leasing and Financing U.S. Economic Outlook" the U.S. economy is expected to
grow 3.0% in 2014, the fastest pace since the 2008-2009 recession. Economic
growth will be driven by a number of positive factors such as a strong housing
market recovery, falling natural gas prices, robust auto sales, record high
household wealth, steadily improving credit availability, and improving
employment. However, these positive trends are counter-balanced by high oil
prices, slow international growth, moderating fiscal consolidation and the
continued threat of policy uncertainty. More dependable economic growth will
help to generate stronger overall investment in equipment and software.
Additionally, a rising interest rate environment could induce companies to lock
in lower rates. Overall, these trends could yield a positive result for the
equipment finance industry.

15

Recent Significant Transactions

Investment in SQN Echo LLC

On December 6, 2013, we formed SQN Echo, LLC ("Echo"), a joint venture with an
affiliate, SQN AIF IV, LP ("Fund IV) to purchase a junior collateralized
participation in two portfolios of various equipment leases. Echo paid
approximately $9,300,000 in cash and assumed approximately $8,500,000 in
existing debt due to various financial institutions. We contributed $550,000 to
purchase a 20% share of Echo. Since we own 20% of Echo and we exercise
significant influence, we account for our investment using the equity method. On
December 20, 2013, Echo entered into an agreement with an unrelated third party
for the purchase of two portfolios of leases for an aggregate of $17,800,000.
The first portfolio consists of various types of equipment including material
handling, semiconductor test and manufacturing equipment, computer, medical, and
telecommunications equipment. The second portfolio consists of lease financings,
which have been accounted for as equipment loans receivable in the consolidated
financial statements of Fund IV. The rights to receive payments of interest and
principal under the agreement are junior to the loan note holder. In February
2014, we funded an additional $120,000 into Echo (at the same time an additional
$480,000 was funded by Fund IV) to decrease the principal of the debt originally
obtained to finance the acquisition and to reduce the interest rate.

SQN Delta LLC

During October 2013, we formed a special purpose entity, SQN Delta, LLC
("Delta"), a Limited Liability Company registered in the state of Delaware which
is 100% owned by us. On October 25, 2013, Delta entered into a participation
agreement with unrelated third parties for the purchase of an approximate
$8,540,000 ownership interest in two, less than 1 year old, bulk carrier
vessels. Each vessel is subject to an initial 6 year charter of which
approximately 5 years remain. In accordance with the participation agreement, we
have the right to force a sale of the vessels at any time the sale proceeds
would be sufficient to provide Delta with a 14% internal rate of return on an
unleveraged basis. We incurred $4,200,000 of debt relating to the transaction,
accruing interest at 10.9% per annum with maturity in December 2020. The debt
will be repaid with cash flows generated from the underlying assets acquired. In
addition to the above loan, we contributed $4,000,000 to Delta to complete the
investment.

The investment is accounted for using the cost method whereas we will adjust the
basis in our investment according to the allocation of earnings less
distributions made. In conjunction with this transaction, we recorded a purchase
discount of $340,000 which was recorded as a deferred gain on the accompanying
consolidated financial statements. The deferred gain will be amortized over the
expected term of the investment and will be recorded as income.

SQN Bravo LLC

On June 19, 2013, we sold certain assets along with their related rental streams
to a newly formed special purpose entity, SQN Bravo LLC ("Bravo"). Our
Investment Manager determined that this was in our best interests due to the
following factors: (i) we were able to leverage investments through debt at
rates less than the corresponding leased equipment were earning and (ii) we were
able to use the proceeds to make additional lease investments at higher rates.

On June 19, 2013, Bravo obtained financing as follows; (i) a non-recourse loan
payable for $5,860,085 and (ii) an equity investment from us of $3,906,724.
Bravo also purchased a seasoned portfolio of leased equipment from SQN Fund II,
a private equipment leasing fund managed by our Investment Manager. The
portfolio purchased from SQN Fund II was valued at the time of purchase based on
discounted cash flows for the revenue streams at a predetermined rate and the
residual values of the underlying assets were supported by third party
appraisers. Bravo purchased the following general types of leased assets: (i)
$632,284 in finance leases, (ii) $1,937,636 in equipment subject to operating
leases and (iii) $2,500,000 in residual value investments in equipment on lease.
In addition, we sold various leased assets with a net book value of $4,137,073
to Bravo.

16

As a result of our equity purchase noted above, on June 19, 2013, we acquired
the primary economic risks and rewards in Bravo and accordingly, we now
consolidate Bravo into our financial statements and results of operations.

Convertible Promissory Note

On February 27, 2013, we entered into a Subscription and Securities Purchase
Agreement to purchase a portion of a $3,500,000 Convertible Promissory Note
("Promissory Notes"). On February 28, 2013, we purchased a convertible
promissory note with a principal amount of $1,500,000. The convertible
promissory note bears simple interest at 10% per year which is payable
quarterly, in arrears, beginning June 30, 2013. The convertible promissory note
may be prepaid until March 31, 2016 at 120% of the outstanding principal balance
plus accrued and unpaid interest. The entire principal balance is due and
payable on March 31, 2018. The convertible promissory note is collateralized by
all of the shares of the Borrower and by an investment portfolio consisting of
equipment leases, direct hard assets and infrastructure investments. The
convertible promissory note is convertible, at our option, into Units of the
Borrower, as defined in the agreements.

Equipment Notes Receivable

Modular Accommodations

On May 22, 2013, we entered into a project financing loan (the "Financing') with
a special purpose entity controlled by SAM. This special purpose entity was
set-up to provide financing for the erection of modular accommodations on a
college campus in the United Kingdom. The total amount available under the
Financing is £1,935,000, accrues interest at 18.0% per year. The borrower's
parent company has guaranteed the Financing.

Hydro-electric generating plant - Northern Ireland

On April 4, 2013, we entered into an equipment note receivable (the "Note") for
£1,440,000 ($2,196,440 applying exchange rates at April 15, 2013) with a special
purpose entity controlled by SAM. This special purpose entity was organized to
provide financing for a hydro-electric generating plant located in Northern
Ireland. The Note accrues interest at 12.0% per year with the interest payable
quarterly in arrears. The proceeds from the Note were used for the purchase of a
hydro-electric generating plant located in Northern Ireland. The entire
principal balance and unpaid interest may be repaid, at any time, along with a
redemption fee, as defined in the Note. The borrower's parent company has
guaranteed the full amount of the Note.

Hydro-electric generating plant - Windsor, England

On October 31, 2011, we entered into a Senior Loan Note Instrument (the
"Instrument") with a special purpose entity controlled by SAM. This special
purpose entity was set-up to provide financing for a hydro-electric generating
plant located on the Romney Weir in Windsor, England. The total amount available
under the Instrument is £2,125,000, accrues interest at 12.0% per year and
borrower's parent company has guaranteed the full £2,125,000. Interest accrues
on the Instrument until the project commencement date, as defined in the
agreement, at which time all accrued interest is due and payable. Thereafter,
repayment consisting of principal and interest commences three months after the
project commencement date and quarterly thereafter. Quarterly principal and
interest payments are calculated as follows: £46 per £1,000 of original
outstanding principal for the first eight years and the £22 per £1,000 of
original outstanding principal for the next three years.

During the year ended December 31, 2013, we advanced an additional £250,000
($386,935 applying exchange rates at various dates during the period), under
Instrument, which provided further financing for a hydro-electric generating
plant located on the Romney Weir in Windsor, England. At December 31, 2013, the
borrower had no additional funding available under this Instrument.

17

Anaerobic Digestion Plant

In September 2013, we entered into an equipment note receivable agreement for
£1,993,860 ($3,217,293 applying exchange rates at the date of the agreement)
with Agrivert Biogas Limited ("Agrivert") in the United Kingdom to provide
financing for equipment in relation to an anaerobic digestion plant. The
investment has two stages. The first is the pre-lease stage when the Partnership
finances the construction of the plant according to certain milestones that get
certified by an independent party. We charge 1% interest per month for that
stage. When the plant is constructed and produces enough energy, the second
stage begins with interest charged at a rate of 9.5% under an equipment lease
for an initial term of seven years with a four year extension. We made
additional advances to Agrivert on November 27, 2013 in the amount of
£1,444,427.5 ($2,361,350 applying the exchange rate on November 30, 2013) and on
December 18, 2013 in the amount of £1,347,570 ($2,221,873.4 applying the
exchange rates on December 31, 2013). There is no guarantee when this stage will
end but it's estimated to end in September. When the plant is constructed and
produces enough energy, the second stage begins with interest charged at a rate
of 9.5% for an initial term of seven years with a fourteen year extension.

Loan Payable Non-Recourse

On June 19, 2013, Bravo borrowed $5,860,085 from an unrelated lender and
interest on this loan accrues at 7.75% per year. The majority of the proceeds
were used to acquire various types of leased assets. Bravo entered into a
financing agreement with the lender and had the ability to borrow additional
amounts, at monthly intervals, between July 2013 and January 2014 which total
$5,508,000. The lender made additional advances to Bravo in the amount of
$1,200,000 on November 19, 2013 and $2,070,000 on December 12, 2013. At December
31, 2013 the unpaid principal balance of the loan is $9,039,373. Interest paid
on the loan in 2013 amounted to $259,018. The lender, as collateral, has a first
priority security interest in all of the leased assets acquired by Bravo. The
lender has the right to receive 100% of the cash proceeds from all of the leased
assets, including the leased assets sold by the Partnership to Bravo, until the
loan is repaid in full. Beginning July 31, 2013 and monthly thereafter, Bravo
will remit all of the cash received from its leased assets to be applied first
against interest with any excess applied against the outstanding principal
balance. There is no stated repayment term for the principal.

In September 2013, we sold the receivable related to the three year lease
extension entered into by the lessee of reusable plastic storage bins in which
we had an 18.08% participation interest. The net proceeds to us on the
non-recourse sale of receivables were approximately $1,400,000. The receivable
sale note accrues interest at 8.5% per annum with expected maturity date of July
31, 2016.

On October 29, 2013, Delta borrowed $4,200,000 of debt from an unrelated lender.
The loan accrues interest at 10.9% per annum. The debt will be repaid with cash
flows generated from the underlying assets acquired. The lender, as collateral,
has a first priority security interest in all of the leased assets acquired as
well as 100% of the payments received by Delta.

Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements

Refer to Part II Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 2
Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, Recent Accounting Pronouncements in
our financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Critical Accounting Policies

An understanding of our critical accounting policies is necessary to understand
our financial results. The preparation of financial statements in accordance
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
requires our General Partner and our Investment Manager to make estimates and
assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the
disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the financial
statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the
reporting period. Significant estimates primarily include the determination of
allowance for doubtful accounts, depreciation and amortization, impairment
losses and the estimated useful lives and residual values of the leased
equipment we acquire. Actual results could differ from those estimates.

18

Lease Classification and Revenue Recognition

Each equipment lease we enter into is classified as either a finance lease or an
operating lease, which is determined at lease inception, based upon the terms of
each lease, or when there are significant changes to the lease terms. We
capitalize initial direct costs associated with the origination and funding of
lease assets. Initial direct costs include both internal costs (e.g., labor and
overhead) and external broker fees incurred with the origination. Costs related
to leases that are not consummated are not eligible for capitalization as
initial direct costs and are expensed as incurred as acquisition expense. For a
finance lease, initial direct costs are capitalized and amortized over the lease
term using the effective interest rate method. For an operating lease, the
initial direct costs are included as a component of the cost of the equipment
and depreciated over the lease term.

For finance leases, we record, at lease inception, the total minimum lease
payments receivable from the lessee, the estimated unguaranteed residual value
of the equipment at lease termination, the initial direct costs related to the
lease, if any, and the related unearned income. Unearned income represents the
difference between the sum of the minimum lease payments receivable, plus the
estimated unguaranteed residual value, minus the cost of the leased equipment.
Unearned income is recognized as finance income over the term of the lease using
the effective interest rate method.

For operating leases, rental income is recognized on a straight-line basis over
the lease term. Billed operating lease receivables are included in accounts
receivable until collected. Accounts receivable are stated at their estimated
net realizable value. Rental income received in advance is the difference
between the timing of the receivables billed and the income recognized on a
straight-line basis.

For leases subject to equipment notes receivable, specific payment terms were
reached requiring payments which resulted in the recognition of interest income.
This income is recognized over the course of the lease agreement.

Our Investment Manager has an investment committee that approves each new
equipment lease and other financing transaction. As part of its process, the
investment committee determines the residual value, if any, to be used once the
investment has been approved. The factors considered in determining the residual
value include, but are not limited to, the creditworthiness of the potential
lessee, the type of equipment considered, how the equipment is integrated into
the potential lessee's business, the length of the lease and the industry in
which the potential lessee operates. Residual values are reviewed for impairment
in accordance with our impairment review policy.

The residual value assumes, among other things, that the asset is utilized
normally in an open, unrestricted and stable market. Short-term fluctuations in
the marketplace are disregarded and it is assumed that there is no necessity
either to dispose of a significant number of the assets, if held in quantity,
simultaneously or to dispose of the asset quickly. The residual value is
calculated using information from various external sources, such as trade
publications, auction data, equipment dealers, wholesalers and industry experts,
as well as inspection of the physical asset and other economic indicators.

Asset Impairments

The significant assets in our investment portfolio are periodically reviewed, no
less frequently than annually or when indicators of impairment exist, to
determine whether events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying
value of an asset may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is recognized only
if the carrying amount of a long-lived asset is not recoverable and exceeds its
fair value. If there is an indication of impairment, we estimates the future
cash flows (undiscounted and without interest charges) expected from the use of
the asset and its eventual disposition. Future cash flows are the future cash
in-flows expected to be generated by an asset less the future out-flows expected
to be necessary to obtain those in-flows. If an impairment is determined to
exist, the impairment loss is measured as the amount by which the carrying value
of a long-lived asset exceeds its fair value and is recorded in the statement of
operations in the period the determination is made. The events or changes in
circumstances that generally indicate that an asset may be impaired are, (i) the
estimated fair value of the underlying equipment is less than its carrying
value, (ii) the lessee is experiencing financial difficulties and (iii) it does
not appear likely that the estimated proceeds from the disposition of the asset
will be sufficient to satisfy the residual value in the asset. The preparation
of the undiscounted cash flows requires the use of assumptions and estimates,
including the level of future rents or receipts from the sale of the residual
value investment, estimated downtime between re-leasing events, and the amount
of re-leasing costs. The Investment Manager's review for impairment will include
a consideration of the existence of impairment indicators, including third party
appraisals, published values for similar assets, recent transactions for similar
assets, adverse changes in market conditions for specific asset types, and the
occurrence of significant adverse changes in general industry and market
conditions that could affect the fair value of the asset.

19

Equipment Notes Receivable

Equipment notes receivable are reported in our balance sheets as the outstanding
principal balance net of any unamortized deferred fees, premiums or discounts on
purchased loans. Costs to originate loans, if any, are reported as other assets
in our balance sheets. Income is recognized over the life of the note agreement.
On certain equipment notes receivable, specific payment terms were reached
requiring prepayments which resulted in the recognition of unearned interest
income. Unearned income, discounts and premiums, if any, are amortized to
interest income in the statements of operations using the effective interest
rate method. Equipment notes receivable are generally placed in a non-accrual
status when payments are more than 90 days past due. Additionally, the
Investment Manager periodically reviews the creditworthiness of companies with
payments outstanding less than 90 days. Based upon the Investment Manager's
judgment, accounts may be placed in a non-accrual status. Accounts on a
non-accrual status are only returned to an accrual status when the account has
been brought current and we believe recovery of the remaining unpaid receivable
is probable. Revenue on non-accrual accounts is recognized only when cash has
been received.

Cost method of accounting

We record our investment in SQN Delta at cost. Under the cost method of
accounting for investments, dividends are the basis for recognition by an
investor of earnings from an investment. We recognize as income dividends
received that are distributed from net accumulated earnings of the investee
since the date of acquisition. The net accumulated earnings of the investee
subsequent to the date of investment are recognized by us only to the extent
distributed by the investee as dividends. Dividends received in excess of
earnings subsequent to the date of investment are considered a return of
investment and are recorded as reductions of cost of the investment. Delta
recognized approximately $150,000 in investment income for its ownership of the
participation agreement in the cargo ship portfolio. We consolidate the activity
of Delta for financial reporting purposes.

Equity method of accounting

We record our investment in SQN Echo using the equity method since we own a 20%
investment in SQN Echo. According to generally accepted accounting principles, a
company that holds 20% or greater investment in another company could
potentially exercise significant influence over the investee company's operating
and financing activities and should therefore utilize the equity method of
accounting.

Depreciation

We record depreciation expense on equipment when the lease is classified as an
operating lease. In order to calculate depreciation, we first determine the
depreciable equipment cost, which is the cost less the estimated residual
value. The estimated residual value is our estimate of the value of the
equipment at lease termination. Depreciation expense is recorded by applying the
straight-line method of depreciation to the depreciable equipment cost over the
lease term.

Results of Operations for the Year Ended December 31, 2013 ("2013") versus the
Year Ended December 31, 2012 ("2012")

At December 31, 2012, we were in both our Offering Period and our Operating
Period. Our Offering Period terminated on March 15, 2013, after which time we no
longer accepted Limited Partner capital contributions. During the Offering
Period the majority of our cash in-flows were from Limited Partners purchasing
our Units. After the termination of our Offering Period, the majority of our
cash in-flows are expected to come from rental payments, interest payments, and
sales proceeds from our various equipment investments.

20

During our Operating Period, we use the net offering proceeds to make our
initial investments, which include: (i) purchasing equipment and leasing it to
third-party end users; (ii) providing equipment and other asset financing; (iii)
acquiring equipment subject to lease and (iv) acquiring ownership rights
(residual value interests) in leased equipment at lease expiration. As our
investments mature, we anticipate reinvesting the cash proceeds, to the extent
that the cash will not be needed for expenses, reserves and distributions to our
Limited Partners, in additional investments in leased equipment and financing
transactions. Additionally, we expect to see our rental income and finance
income increase, as well as related expenses, such as depreciation and
amortization expense.

Revenue for 2013 and 2012 is summarized as follows:

 For the Year Ended December 31,
 2013 2012
Revenue:
Rental income $ 729,831 $ 362,593
Finance income 1,044,724 615,855
Gain on asset sales 41,447 -
Investment income from participation interest 142,333 -
Interest income 990,081 282,583

Total Revenue 2,948,416 1,261,031

For the year ended December 31, 2013 we earned total revenue of $2,948,416,
which increased $1,687,385 from 2012. The increase in total revenue was due to
major business acquisitions as well as purchases of additional leased equipment
and participation in various financing transactions during 2013 that did not
exist in 2012. We had a total of seventeen lessees in 2013 from which we earned
revenue versus nine lessees from which we earned revenue during 2012.

During 2013, we increased our rental income by $367,238. This increase was due
to the following: (i) $401,425 of rental income earned by Bravo which was formed
in June 2013, (ii) $142,333 of rental income earned by newly formed entity
Delta, and (iii) during the year 2013, one of the Fund III residual value
investments expired and entered into a new operating lease earning $235,944 of
rental income.

During 2013, we increased our finance income by $428,869 from 2012. This
increase was due to the increase in finance lease transactions we entered into
during 2013 in Fund III and Bravo. At the start of 2013, we had eight finance
leases compared to the twelve finance leases we had at December 31, 2013.

The $707,498 increase in interest income was due to an increase in equipment
notes receivable advances made during the year, earning approximately $721,203
of interest income. One of these equipment notes was fully repaid during 2013
resulting in approximately 18.1% annual return (prorated for months
outstanding). In addition, during 2013 we purchased a convertible note which
earned $125,000 of interest income.

We also earned $142,333 of investment income through our investment in SQN Delta
in which the Partnership acquired a participation interest in an $8,540,000
portfolio of limited partnership interests in two newly commissioned shipping
vessels under long-term charter contracts.

21

Expenses for 2013 and 2012 are summarized as follows:

 Year Ended December 31
 2013 2012
 Expenses:
 Management fees - Investment Manager $ 605,031 $ 720,000
 Depreciation and amortization 581,606 395,588
 Professional fees 227,172 176,975
 Administration expense 44,256 52,328
 Acquisition expense 11,556 3,957
 Other expenses 22,038 14,752
 Interest expense 394,806 -
 Foreign currency gain (680,739 ) (312,351 )
 Total Expenses $ 1,205,726 $ 1,051,249

For 2013 we incurred total expenses, including foreign currency (gain) loss of
$1,205,726 versus $1,051,249 for 2012, an increase of $154,477. The increase was
primarily due to increases in depreciation and amortization expense, interest
expense and professional fees offset by an approximate $115,000 decrease in
management fees and an approximate $370,000 increase in foreign currency gain.

During 2013 depreciation and amortization increased by $186,018. During the year
we reclassified one of our residual value investments to operating lease as it
entered a 3 year lease extension and therefore expensed approximately $90,867 of
depreciation. Also, some of the assets purchased by Bravo on June 19, 2013 were
determined to be operating leases which resulted in approximately $317,177
depreciation expense.

The management fee that is paid to our Investment Manager decreased by $114,969
to $605,031 for the year ended December 31, 2013 from $720,000 from the prior
year. This decrease is due to the fact that, in accordance with the terms of the
Offering Agreement, beginning in April 2013, the monthly management fee was
reduced from $60,000 per month to $47,226 per month through December 2016. Our
reduced management fee calculation was based upon our expectation that we will
conclude our business operations during June 2017. Our Investment Manager
continues to monitor our operations, which may change the monthly management fee
amount.

For 2013 we recorded a foreign currency gain of $680,739, which was principally
comprised of the following: $516,867 gain related directly to our equipment
leasing transactions and project financings in the United Kingdom and Scotland
and a $163,872 gain related to foreign exchange fluctuation changes in our cash
account located in the United Kingdom. The exchange rate between the British
Pound Sterling and the United States of America dollar increased 2.03% during
2013. We do not currently, and we have no plans in the future to hedge our
British Pound Sterling exposure. We expect to have gains and losses relating to
our investments denominated in foreign currencies and the swings may be large
from year to year. We do not hedge our foreign currency exposures and may not
hedge such exposures in the future.

Net income

For the reasons discussed above, for 2013, we recorded net income of $1,742,690,
net income allocable to our Limited Partners of $1,725,263 and net income
attributable to our Limited Partners per weighted average number of Units
outstanding of $64.10.

2013 Assets:

Investments in finance leases, net - totaled $6,150,910 at December 31, 2013 and
represented the price we paid for our finance leases less; (i) minimum rents
received from the lessee's, (ii) finance income earned and (iii) foreign
currency transaction gains or losses on our leased equipment denominated in
British Pound Sterling. Additional information may be obtained in Part I Item 1.
Business, for a discussion of our equipment portfolio and in Part II Item 8.
Financial Statements and Supplementary Date, Note 5 Investments in Finance
Leases.

Investments in equipment subject to operating leases, net - totaled $3,548,323
at December 31, 2013 and represented the price we paid for our operating lease
during 2013 including; (i) monies paid for initial direct costs and (ii) less
depreciation expense incurred. Additional information may be obtained in Part I
Item 1. Business, for a discussion of our equipment portfolio and in Part II
Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Date, Note 6 Investments in
Equipment Subject to Operating Leases.

22

Residual value investments in equipment on lease - totaled $3,134,702 at
December 31, 2013 and represented the price we paid for our residual value
investments plus initial direct costs paid to acquire the equipment during 2013
and 2012. Additional information may be obtained in Part I Item 1. Business, for
a discussion of our equipment portfolio and in Part II Item 8. Financial
Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 7 Residual Value Investments in
Equipment on Lease.

Convertible Promissory Note - totaled $1,435,714 at December 31, 2013 and
represented a Subscription and Securities Purchase Agreement to purchase a
$1,500,000 Convertible Promissory Note. The Promissory Note bears simple
interest at 10% per year which is payable quarterly, in arrears, beginning June
30, 2013. The entire principal balance is due and payable on March 31, 2018. The
Promissory Note is collateralized by all of the shares of the Borrower and by an
investment portfolio consisting of equipment leases, direct hard assets and
infrastructure investments. The Promissory Note is convertible, at our option,
into Units of the Borrower, as defined in the agreements.

Equipment notes receivable, including accrued interest - totaled $14,549,459 at
December 31, 2013 and consisted of:

An equipment note receivable with a special purpose entity to provide financing
for a hydro-electric generating plant located in Northern Ireland - denominated
in British Pound Sterling translated into United States of America dollars at
December 31, 2013 and accrued interest on the outstanding principal;

A senior loan note instrument denominated in British Pound Sterling translated
into United States of America dollars at December 31, 2013 and accrued interest
on the outstanding principal;

An equipment note receivable agreement issued to provide financing for building
an anaerobic digestion plant - denominated in British Pound Sterling translated
into United States of America dollars at December 31, 2013 and accrued interest
on the outstanding principal. Additional information may be obtained in Part I,
Item 1. Business, under our discussion of our equipment portfolio and in Part II
Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 9 Equipment Notes
Receivable.

Investment in Participation Interests - totaled $8,421,915 at December 31, 2013
and represented the following:

During October 2013, we formed a special purpose entity SQN Delta LLC ("Delta"),
a Limited Liability Company registered in the state of Delaware which is 100%
owned by us. On October 25, 2013, Delta entered into a participation agreement
with unrelated third parties for the purchase of an approximate $8,540,000
ownership interest in two bulk carrier vessels. The above year-end balance of
$8,421,915 is the original investment of $8,540,000 plus the 10% return on
investment less a cash payment of $260,418.

Investment in SQN Echo, LLC - totaled $550,000 at December 31, 2013 resulting
from an investment in SQN Echo, LLC ("Echo"), a joint venture with an affiliate,
SQN AIF IV, LP ("Fund IV) which was formed on December 2103 to purchase a junior
collateralized participation in two portfolios of various equipment leases. Echo
paid approximately $9,300,000 in cash and assumed approximately $8,500,000 in
non-recourse debt. We contributed $550,000 to purchase a 20% share of Echo.
Since we own 20% of Echo and we exercise significant influence, we account for
our investment using the equity method. On December 20, 2013, Echo entered into
an agreement with an unrelated third party for the purchase of two portfolios of
leases for an aggregate of $17,800,000. The first portfolio consists of
equipment leases for various types of equipment including material handling,
semiconductor test and manufacturing equipment, computer, medical, and
telecommunications equipment. The second portfolio consists of lease financings,
which have been accounted for as equipment loans receivable in the consolidated
financial statements of Fund IV. The rights to receive payments of interest and
principal under the agreement are junior to the loan note holder. In February
2014, we funded an additional $120,000 into Echo (at the same time an additional
$480,000 was funded by Fund IV) to decrease the principal of the debt originally
obtained to finance the acquisition and reduce the interest rate.

23

Other assets- totaled $1,653,701 at December 31, 2013 and consisted primarily of
the following:

Approximately $824,400 that was deposited into an escrow account prior to year
end pursuant to a new equipment note receivable agreement. At March 31, 2014,
the agreement was not yet finalized and the funding remains as part of other
assets in our books.

Approximately $151,000 relating to (i) net payments of Value Added Tax ("VAT")
paid in relation to the Agrivert transaction and (ii) off-lease equipment at
year end..The VAT related amounts were received subsequent to year end but
additional VAT payments have been made which are also anticipated to be refunded
in full.

An additional $669,000 related to subsequent fundings related to Agrivert paid
through a related special purpose entity set up as the UK lessor for the
transaction set for tax and liability purposes.

2013 Liabilities:

Security deposits payable - totaled $349,288 at December 31, 2013 and
represented monies required to be repaid to the lessees at lease termination.
Upon expiration of the lease term, the amount will be repaid to the lessee if
all rental payments have been made and there are no open lease commitments.
Additional information may be obtained in Part I, Item 1. Business, under our
discussion of our equipment portfolio and in Part II Item 8. Financial
Statements and Supplementary Date, Note 6 Investments in Equipment Subject to
Operating Leases.

Loans payable - totaled $14,049,411 at December 31, 2013 and consisted of the
following:

A non-recourse loan payable in connection with the Bravo transaction including
principal and accrued interest of $9,041,648 at December 31, 2013 from an
unrelated lender. The majority of proceeds from the loan were used to acquire
various types of leased assets.

In September 2013, we sold the receivable related to the three year lease
extension entered into by the lessee of reusable plastic storage bins in which
we had an 18.08% participation interest. The net proceeds to us on the
non-recourse sale of receivables were approximately $1,400,000. The receivable
sale note accrues interest at 8.5% per annum with expected maturity date of July
31, 2016.

The outstanding balance on the note was $992,176 as of December 31, 2013.

A loan payable in connection with the Delta transaction included principal and
accrued interest outstanding of $4,015,587 at December 31, 2013 to an unrelated
lender. The proceeds from which were used to purchase Limited Partnership
interests in ownership of two bulk carrier vessels as part of the above noted
SQN Delta transaction.

Deferred gain from investment - totaled $568,037 at December 31, 2013 and
consisted of the following:

The difference recognized by us between the cash price of $8,200,000 paid for
the investment in Limited Partnership interests in two shipping vessels and the
actual value of $8,540,000 of those interests. The original amount of deferred
gain of $340,000 is amortized using straight-line method of amortization over
the life of the investment and is reported on the consolidated balance sheet net
of accumulated amortization.

The remaining balance of $235,944 of the deferred gain was due to an operating
lease payment related to a future period that was collected in 2013. This amount
will be fully recognized as revenue in 2014.

2012 Assets:

Investments in finance leases, net - totaled $6,840,590 at December 31, 2012 and
represented the price we paid for our finance leases less; (i) minimum rents
received from the lessee's, (ii) finance income earned and (iii) foreign
currency transaction gains or losses on our leased equipment denominated in
British Pound Sterling. Additional information may be obtained in Part I Item 1.
Business, for a discussion of our equipment portfolio and in Part II Item 8.
Financial Statements and Supplementary Date, Note 5 Investments in Finance
Leases.

24

Investments in equipment subject to operating leases, net - totaled $1,080,834
at December 31, 2012 and represented the price we paid for our operating lease
during 2012 including; (i) monies paid for initial direct costs and (ii) less
depreciation expense incurred. Additional information may be obtained in Part I
Item 1. Business, for a discussion of our equipment portfolio and in Part II
Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Date, Note 6 Investments in
Equipment Subject to Operating Leases.

Residual value investments in equipment on lease - totaled $2,001,875 at
December 31, 2012 and represented the price we paid for our residual value
investments plus initial direct costs paid to acquire the equipment during 2012
Additional information may be obtained in Part I Item 1. Business, for a
discussion of our equipment portfolio and in Part II Item 8. Financial
Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 7 Residual Value Investments in
Equipment on Lease.

Equipment notes receivable, including accrued interest - totaled $3,306,391 at
December 31, 2012 and consisted of a Senior Loan Note Instrument denominated in
British Pound Sterling translated into United States of America dollars at
December 31, 2012 and accrued interest on the outstanding principal. Additional
information may be obtained in Part I, Item 1. Business, under our discussion of
our equipment portfolio and in Part II Item 8. Financial Statements and
Supplementary Data, Note 9 Equipment Notes Receivable.

2012 Liabilities:

Security deposits payable - totaled $297,176 at December 31, 2012 and
represented monies required to be repaid to the lessees at lease termination.
Upon expiration of the lease term, the amount will be repaid to the lessee if
all rental payments have been made and there are no open lease commitments.
Additional information may be obtained in Part I, Item 1. Business, under our
discussion of our equipment portfolio and in Part II Item 8. Financial
Statements and Supplementary Date, Note 6 Investments in Equipment Subject to
Operating Leases.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

Sources and Uses of Cash

 Year Ended December 31
 2013 2012
 Cash provided by (used in):
 Operating activities $ 1,817,572 $ 1,513,610
 Investing activities $ (26,118,214 ) $ (5,784,675 )
 Financing activities $ 18,237,633 $ 10,133,048

Operating Activities

During 2013, we generated cash in-flows from operating activities of $1,817,572.
This was principally due to cash collections from rental payments from both our
finance and operating leases. We received cash of $3,420,099 from our finance
leases and cash of $729,879 from our operating leases during 2013. The majority
of our leases are payable in British Pound Sterling, therefore future cash
in-flows will be affected by the foreign currency exchange rates at the time we
receive these payments. The cash in-flows were offset by various non-cash
deductions which totaled $2,645,823 and consisted of finance income, accrued
interest income, and unrealized foreign currency transaction gains. These
non-cash deductions were offset by a non-cash increase of $609,118 which
represented depreciation and amortization and accrued interest payable. We
anticipate that as we enter into additional equipment leasing transactions we
will continue to generate net cash in-flows from operations but we may
experience swings due mostly to changes in the foreign currency transaction
gains losses from year to year.

In 2012, we generated cash in-flows from operating activities of $1,513,610.
This was mainly due to cash collections from rental payments from both our
finance leases and our operating leases. We received cash of $2,083,704 from our
finance leases and cash of $362,593 from our operating lease during 2012. We
collected between $117,512 and $421,615 from our various lessees. The cash
in-flows were offset by various non-cash deductions which totaled $1,194,476 and
consisted of finance income, accrued interest income and unrealized foreign
currency transaction gains. These non-cash deductions were offset by a non-cash
increase of $395,588 which represented depreciation and amortization.

25

Investing Activities

Cash used in investing activities was $26,118,214 during 2013. The biggest cash
outflow of $13,331,745 related to our origination of several equipment notes
receivable during the year. One of the notes was fully repaid during the year
and we expect the remaining notes to provide returns in the next few years. The
second largest cash out-flow of $8,200,000 was related to our investment in
interests described above regarding SQN Delta, LLC. Other cash out-flows were
related to our purchase of finance leases of $2,528,266, initial direct costs
related to the acquisition of these leases of $113,822, purchase of equipment
subject to operating leases of $1,937,636, and purchase of residual value
investments in equipment on lease of $2,500,000. As noted above, the Partnership
also invested $550,000 in a junior partnership interest of SQN Echo LLC. These
outflows were offset by $1,309,263 proceeds received from sale of leased assets
and the receipt of $3,070,071 for the repayment of an outstanding note
receivable. We expect to continue to incur cash out-flows from investing
activities through the Operating Period as we continue to acquire leased
equipment. We anticipate generating cash in-flows during the Liquidation Period
as we sell our various equipment leases. Additional information may be obtained
in Part I Item 1. Business under our discussion of our equipment portfolio and
in Part II Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 4.
Investments in Finance Leases, Note 5. Investments in Equipment Subject to
Operating Leases, Note 6 Residual Value Investments in Equipment on Lease and
Note 7, Equipment Notes Receivable.

Cash used in investing activities was $5,784,675 during 2012. The cash out-flows
were solely related to our purchase of finance leases of $3,845,798, initial
direct costs related to the acquisition of these leases of $185,431, purchase of
equipment subject to operating leases of $852,824, purchase of residual value
investments in equipment on lease of $1,990,317 and our additional funding under
a Senior Loan Note Instrument for $1,544,305. These cash outflows were offset by
an increase in escrow deposits of $2,634,000 for capital contributions from
Limited Partners received in advance.

Financing Activities

During 2013, we generated cash in-flows from financing activities of
$18,237,633. This was mostly due to $14,736,689 financing we have obtained at
interest rates ranging from 7.75% to 10.9% to make investments that produce
higher returns for our investors. Also, as we were in our Offering Period until
March 15, 2013 - we received capital contributions from our Limited Partners
totaling $5,506,000 in 2013. These cash in-flows were offset by cash out-flows
for distributions paid to our Limited Partners of $1,530,271, distribution
expense of $108,120 as well as cash redemptions to Limited Partners of $140,000.
Since our Offering Period ended on March 15, 2013, we will no longer generate
cash in-flows from capital contributions from our Limited Partners, nor will we
incur cash out-flows for distribution expense payable to SQN Securities, LLC and
organizational and offering expenses. With the completion of our Offering Period
in 2013, we expect to incur cash out-flows from financing activities from
distributions payable to our Limited Partners. We plan to make, at the sole
discretion of our Investment Manager and contingent upon the availability of
funds, semi-annual cash distributions to each Limited Partner computed at 3%
(pro-rated to the date of admission for each Limited Partner) of each Limited
Partner's capital contribution.

During 2012 we generated cash in-flows from financing activities of $10,133,048.
This was exclusively due to being in our Offering Period and receiving capital
contributions from our Limited Partners totaling $13,904,200. This cash in-flow
was offset by cash out-flows for distributions paid to our Limited Partners of
$822,671, distribution expense paid to SQN Securities, LLC of $279,084 and
organizational and offering expenses totaling $35,397.

Financings and Borrowings

During the year, Bravo borrowed approximately $9,130,085 at a 7.75% annual rate.
The majority of the proceeds were used to acquire various types of leased assets
and to finance the building of an Anaerobic Digestion Plant located in the
United Kingdom.

26

As part of the above noted Delta transaction on October 29, 2013, we borrowed
$4,200,000 of debt from an unrelated insurance company to fund the transaction.
The loan accrues interest at 10.9% per annum. The debt will be repaid with cash
flows generated from the underlying assets acquired.

Distributions

We make, at the sole discretion of our Investment Manager and contingent upon
the availability of funds, semi-annual cash distributions to each Limited
Partner computed at 3% (pro-rated to the date of admission for each Limited
Partner) of each Limited Partner's capital contribution, beginning six months
after the Partnership's initial closing which occurred on May 2, 2011. We expect
to make distributions to our Limited Partner's through the Operating Period.
During 2013 and 2012, we paid distributions to our Limited Partners totaling
$1,530,271 and $822,671, respectively. We did not pay any distributions to our
General Partner during 2013 and 2012; however, we accrued $15,303 for
distributions due to the General Partner at December 31, 2013.

Commitments and Contingencies and Off-Balance Sheet Transactions

Commitment and Contingencies

Our income, losses and distributions are allocated 99% to our Limited Partners
and 1% to our General Partner until the Limited Partners have received total
distributions equal to each Limited Partners' capital contribution plus an 8%,
compounded annually, cumulative return on each Limited Partners' capital
contribution. After such time, income, losses and distributions will be
allocated 80% to our Limited Partners and 20% to our General Partner.

We enter into contracts that contain a variety of indemnifications. Our maximum
exposure under these arrangements is not known.

In the normal course of business, we enter into contracts of various types,
including lease contracts, contracts for the sale or purchase of lease assets,
and management contracts. It is prevalent industry practice for most contracts
of any significant value to include provisions that each of the contracting
parties, in addition to assuming liability for breaches of the representations,
warranties, and covenants that are part of the underlying contractual
obligations, to also assume an obligation to indemnify and hold the other
contractual party harmless for such breaches, and for harm caused by such
party's gross negligence and willful misconduct, including, in certain
instances, certain costs and expenses arising from the contract. Generally, to
the extent these contracts are performed in the ordinary course of business
under the reasonable business judgment of our General Partner and our Investment
Manager, no liability will arise as a result of these provisions. Our General
Partner and our Investment Manager knows of no facts or circumstances that would
make our contractual commitments outside standard mutual covenants applicable to
commercial transactions between businesses. Accordingly, we believe that these
indemnification obligations are made in the ordinary course of business as part
of standard commercial and industry practice, and that any potential liability
under our similar commitments is remote. Should any such indemnification
obligation become payable, we would separately record and/or disclose such
liability in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America.

Off-Balance Sheet Transactions

None.

Subsequent Events

On January 17, 2014, the Partnership entered into a receivables purchase
agreement secured by an equipment lease for a 250 kilowatt wind turbine located
in Northern Ireland, in the United Kingdom. The partnership paid £490,000 for 25
quarterly payments of £27,727.64 commencing April 17, 2014.

During February 2014, Romney Hydropower Company Limited ("Romney"), entered into
a loan facility for £2,775,537 with an unrelated lender. The facility was
utilized by Romney to pay off the majority of its existing loans discussed in
Note 9. The remaining balance of the loans discussed in Note 9, not repaid by
Romney, was $2,676,026 and was repaid through the issuance of a new loan note
with the Partnership which is subordinate to the unrelated loan facility.

27

On February 27, 2014 and March 10, 2014, Bravo made additional advances to
Agrivert in the amount of £682,143 ($1,136,722 applying the exchange rate on
February 27, 2014) and £284,120 ($472,122 applying the exchange rate on March
10, 2014), respectively. Each advance was made after third-party certification
that the required milestones were met in accordance with the agreements. Each
advance incurs interest at 1% per month payable monthly during the pre-lease
period.

On March 3, 2014 the Partnership entered into an amended and restated
participation agreement with Bravo and an unrelated party. The original
agreement dated as of June 14, 2013 created two participation interests in
Bravo, Participation A held by the unrelated party and Participation B held by
the Partnership. According to the revised agreement, the Partnership would
purchase additional interests for $470,000 and the unrelated party would
purchase additional interests for $705,000. The proceeds from the purchase of
these additional interests were used by Bravo to enter into a promissory note
agreement with third party borrower in the amount of $1,175,000, bearing
interest at 12% for a term of one year.

28

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the Members

SQN Alternative Investment Fund III L.P. and Subsidiaries

New York, NY

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of SQN Alternative
Investment Fund III L.P. and Subsidiaries as of December 31, 2013 and 2012, and
the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in partners' equity,
and cash flows for the years then ended. These consolidated financial statements
are the responsibility of the company's management. Our responsibility is to
express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our
audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan
and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the
consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement. The company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its
internal control over financial reporting. Our audits included consideration of
its internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit
procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of
expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the company's internal control
over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit
includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and
disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. An audit also includes
assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management as well as evaluating the overall consolidated financial statement
presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our
opinion.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of SQN Alternative
Investment Fund III L.P. and Subsidiaries as of December 31, 2013 and 2012 and
the results of their operations and cash flows for the years then ended, in
conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.

/s/ Baker Tilly Virchow Krause, LLP

New York, NY

March 31, 2014

29

 PART II - FINANCIAL INFORMATION

[ Back To Transforming Network Infrastructure's Homepage ]






 
Home
 
















Click here to share your opinion - Has your company evaluated how to integrate AI, Artificial Intelligence, into your operations workstreams?








 
  
Featured Blog Entries 








Day 3 at Interop ITX 2017, the final day!!
We had an eventful week exhibiting at Interop ITX! After lots of great conversations, a well-attended presentation by our CEO M.H. Raza about "Automating the Physical Layer," and a wealth of different answers to our survey questions, it's time to travel home to Connecticut. First, though, here's a roundup of day 3!








Day 2 at Interop ITX 2017, top of the stretch!
The middle and longest day was filled with:

Fiber Mountain sponsored an Interop ITX Theater presentation on Wednesday 5/17 delivered by M.H. Raza, Fiber Mountain CEO, entitled, "Automating the Physical Layer". The audience was standing room only and several attendees came to our booth immediately after the presentation and learned more about the Glass Core.








...and We're off, at Interop ITX 2017!
 
We are back in Las Vegas, this time at Interop ITX 2017, the rejuvenated version of Interop. As I have written in the past, Interop has a long history back to the mid-1980's and has reinvented itself many times. Interop ITX 2017 is the newest edition, with only paid attendees and no more free passes to the expo floor. UBM, the owner of Interop, intends to increase the quality of attendees, sessions and leads for exhibitors and sponsors.






Industry News  








  Cloud Radio Access Network (C-RAN) Market Worth 1,132.3 Million USD by 2022
07/28/2017
  Lumentum To Announce Fiscal Fourth Quarter And Full Year 2017 Financial Results
07/27/2017
  Embotics Recognized by SIIA as Best Cloud Management Solution
07/27/2017
  IDC Forecasts SD-WAN Market to Reach $8 Billion in 2021 As Enterprise Branch Network Requirements Accelerate
07/27/2017






 































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











SQN Alternative Investment Fund III, L.P.














































Home
Search
Sign-In/Up
Contracts
Dictionary
Clauses
Companies
People

About
FAQ
Blog











Related Companies

ATEL Capital Equipment Fund XI, LLC
ATEL Growth Capital Fund 8, LLC
Aaron's, Inc.
AerCap Global Aviation Trust
Aercap Holdings Nv
AeroCentury Corp.
Aerocentury Iv Inc
Afg Investment Trust A
Afg Investment Trust B
Afg Investment Trust C
Afg Investment Trust D
Ahern Rentals
Air Lease Corp
Aircastle
Atel 12, Llc



        More Related Companies
      





Home



Sample Contracts



By Company


SQN Alternative Investment Fund III, L.P.




SQN Alternative Investment Fund III, L.P.





      Loading...
    





Standard IndustryClassification
Services-equipment rental & leasing, necAddress

110 William Street, New York, NY 10038
Phone
212-422-2166



Sample Contracts



SQN Alternative Investment Fund III, L.P. –
March 9, 2011
(March 9th, 2011)
We have acted as counsel to SQN Alternative Investment Fund III, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (the Partnership), in connection with the registration of up to 50,000 limited partner units (the Units) covered by a Registration Statement on Form S-1 (including all amendments thereto are collectively referred to as the Registration Statement), filed by the Partnership with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 1933 Act). This opinion letter is being furnished to you at your request to enable you to fulfill the requirements of Item 601(b)(5) of Regulation S-K in connection with the Registration Statement.



SQN Alternative Investment Fund III, L.P. –
Escrow Agreement
(February 22nd, 2011)
THIS AGREEMENT is dated as of ________________, 201__, by and among SQN AIF III GP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the General Partner), SQN Securities, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Selling Agent), SQN Alternative Investment Fund III, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (the Partnership), and Signature Bank, a New York State chartered bank, as escrow agent (the Escrow Agent).



SQN Alternative Investment Fund III, L.P. –
Form of Escrow Agreement
(April 20th, 2010)
THIS AGREEMENT is dated as of                     , 201___, by and among SQN AIF III GP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the General Partner), SQN Securities, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Selling Agent), SQN Alternative Investment Fund III, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (the Partnership), and [                    ], a                     , as escrow agent (the Escrow Agent).



SQN Alternative Investment Fund III, L.P. –
Form of Management, Origination and Servicing Agreement
(April 20th, 2010)
THIS MANAGEMENT, ORIGINATION AND SERVICING AGREEMENT, dated as of the ___ day of ___, 2010 (this Agreement) by and between SQN Alternative Investment Fund III, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (the Fund) and SQN Capital Management, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Investment Manager). All capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement of the Fund, dated as of ___, 2010, as amended from time to time (the Partnership Agreement).













×









      Have an account? Sign in here.

Law Insider
Recover your password







No account? Register Now!


No account? Register Now!
Sign in
by using one of this services











or







Forgot your password?


Have an account? Sign in here.
Join Law Insider
for Free
by using one of this services











or







By registering you agree to our
      terms of service.











Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Contract and Agreement Category List











































Home
Search
Sign-In/Up
Contracts
Dictionary
Clauses
Companies
People

About
FAQ
Blog







Sample Contract Categories 

a

b

c

d

e

f

g

h

i

j

k

l

m

n

o

p

q

r

s

t

u

v

w

x

y

z


abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz


337k
		Delaware
	

277k
		New York
	

113k
		California
	

70k
		Texas
	

68k
		Agreement
	

62k
		Nevada
	

46k
		Florida
	

44k
		Maryland
	

40k
		Illinois
	

38k
		Employment Agreement
	

38k
		Washington
	

37k
		Amended And Restated
	

36k
		Massachusetts
	

34k
		New Jersey
	

33k
		Pennsylvania
	

28k
		Georgia
	

28k
		Colorado
	

26k
		Ohio
	

25k
		Minnesota
	

25k
		Virginia
	

21k
		North Carolina
	

20k
		Incentive Plan
	

19k
		Credit Agreement
	

19k
		Amendment
	

16k
		Connecticut
	

16k
		Michigan
	

15k
		Indiana
	

14k
		Registration Rights Agreement
	

14k
		Recitals
	

13k
		Tennessee
	

13k
		Arizona
	

13k
		Missouri
	

12k
		Purchase Agreement
	

12k
		Promissory Note
	

12k
		Indenture
	

11k
		Warrant
	

11k
		Louisiana
	

11k
		Kansas
	

11k
		Utah
	

11k
		Wisconsin
	

10k
		Oklahoma
	

9k
		Securities Purchase Agreement
	

9k
		Agreement And Plan Of Merger
	

8k
		Iowa
	

8k
		Supplemental Indenture
	

8k
		Note
	

8k
		Equity Incentive Plan
	

7k
		Kentucky
	

7k
		Stock Purchase Agreement
	

7k
		Alabama
	














×









      Have an account? Sign in here.

Law Insider
Recover your password







No account? Register Now!


No account? Register Now!
Sign in
by using one of this services











or







Forgot your password?


Have an account? Sign in here.
Join Law Insider
for Free
by using one of this services











or







By registering you agree to our
      terms of service.











Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















Sqn Alternative Investment Fund Iii, L.p.  Exh 31 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification - Sec Exhibit 31 Certifications - Free Search.
















 


















                 You are here: Agreements   >      > SQN ALTERNATIVE INVESTMENT FUND III, L.P.  Exh 31 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification

 
Search Documents | Browse Documents











SITE SEARCH


AGREEMENTS / CONTRACTS






Document Title:



Entire Document:(optional)



Governing Law(optional)

AllAlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareFlorida
                            GeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMaryland
                            MassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevada
                            New HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahoma
                            OregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtah
                            VermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming 






Try our advanced search >>

CLAUSES
Search Contract Clauses >>
Browse Contract Clause Library>>

















Sqn Alternative Investment Fund Iii, L.p.  Exh 31 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification
SEC Exhibit 31 Certifications



You are currently viewing:
 This  involves SQN ALTERNATIVE INVESTMENT FUND III, L.P.. RealDealDocs™ contains millions of easily searchable legal documents and clauses from top law firms. Search for free - click here.  
                  



Title: SQN ALTERNATIVE INVESTMENT FUND III, L.P.  Exh 31 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification Date: 8/12/2011 









Preview

Edit & Save 

Related Documents 



50 of the Top 250 law firms use our Products every day












EXHIBIT 31.2



CERTIFICATION


I, David C.
Wright, certify that:





 


 




1.


 


I
have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of SQN Alternative
Investment Fund III L.P.;




 






2.


 


Based on my knowledge, this report
does not contain any untrue statement of material fact or omit to
state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made,
not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
report;




 






3.


 


Based on my knowledge, the financial
statements, and other financial information included in this
report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;




 






4.


 


The
registrant’s other certifying officer(s) and I are
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
registrant and have:







 


a)


 


Designed such disclosure controls
and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidate
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;




 







 


b)


 


Designed such internal control over
financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under






 








 














	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started











































Sqn Alternative Investment Fund Iii, L.p. 10-q - Form 10 Q Quarterly Report - Free Search.
















 


















                 You are here: Agreements   >      > SQN ALTERNATIVE INVESTMENT FUND III, L.P. 10-Q

 
Search Documents | Browse Documents











SITE SEARCH


AGREEMENTS / CONTRACTS






Document Title:



Entire Document:(optional)



Governing Law(optional)

AllAlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareFlorida
                            GeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMaryland
                            MassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevada
                            New HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahoma
                            OregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtah
                            VermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming 






Try our advanced search >>

CLAUSES
Search Contract Clauses >>
Browse Contract Clause Library>>

















Sqn Alternative Investment Fund Iii, L.p. 10-q
Form 10 Q Quarterly Report



You are currently viewing:
 This  involves SQN ALTERNATIVE INVESTMENT FUND III, L.P.. RealDealDocs™ contains millions of easily searchable legal documents and clauses from top law firms. Search for free - click here.  
                  



Title: SQN ALTERNATIVE INVESTMENT FUND III, L.P. 10-Q Date: 11/15/2016 









Preview

Edit & Save 

Related Documents 



50 of the Top 250 law firms use our Products every day










     


 


 

 

 

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

 

FORM
10-Q

 

(Mark
One)

 




[X]



QUARTERLY
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
ACT OF 1934




 

FOR THE
QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016

 

OR

 




[  ]



TRANSITION
REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF
1934




 


FOR THE
TRANSITION FROM _______ TO ________

 

COMMISSION
FILE NUMBER: 333-166195

 

SQN
Alternative Investment Fund III L.P.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

 




Delaware



 



27-2173346





(State or
other jurisdiction of

incorporation
or organization)



 



(I.R.S.
Employer

ID
No.)





 



 



 





100 Wall
Street, 28th Floor



 



 





New York,
NY



 



10005





(Address
of principal executive offices)



 



(Zip
code)




 

Issuer’s
telephone number: (212) 422-2166

 

 

(Former
name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last
report.)

 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to file such
reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for
the past 90 days.

Yes [X] No
[  ]

 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically
and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405
of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit and post such files).

Yes
[  ] No [X]

 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer,
an accelerated filer or a non-accelerated filer. See definition of
“accelerated filer” and “large accelerated
filer” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check
one):

 




Large
accelerated filer [  ]



Accelerated
filer [  ]





 



 





Non-accelerated
filer [  ]



Smaller
Reporting Company [X]




 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).

Yes
[  ] No [X]

 

At
November 14, 2016, there were 27,721.10 units of the
Registrant’s limited partnership interests issued and
outstanding.

 

 


 


 




 




  

 




 



 



 




 

SQN
Alternative Investment Fund III L.P.

INDEX

 




PART I –
FINANCIAL INFORMATION



 



 





 



 



 



 





Item
1.



Condensed
Consolidated Financial Statements



 



 





 



 



 



 





 



Condensed
Consolidated Balance Sheets at September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and
December 31, 2015



 



3





 



 



 



 





 



Condensed
Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine Months
Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)



 



4





 



 



 



 





 



Condensed
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Partners’ Equity for the
Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016
(unaudited)



 



5





 



 



 



 





 



Condensed
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)



 



6





 



 



 



 





 



Notes to
Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
(unaudited)



 



8





 



 



 



 





Item
2.



General
Partner’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations



 



22





 



 



 



 





Item
3.



Quantitative
and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk



 



30





 



 



 



 





Item
4.



Controls and
Procedures



 



30





 



 



 



 





PART II -
OTHER INFORMATION



 



 





 



 



 



 





Item
1.



Legal
Proceedings



 



32





 



 



 



 





Item
1A.



Risk
Factors



 



32





 



 



 



 





Item
2.



Unregistered
Sales of Equity Securities and Use of
Proceeds



 



32





 



 



 



 





Item
3.



Defaults Upon
Senior Securities



 



32





 



 



 



 





Item
4.



Mine Safety
Disclosures



 



32





 



 



 



 





Item
5.



Other
Information



 



32





 



 



 



 





Item
6.



Exhibits



 



32





 



 



 



 





Signatures



 



33




 




2




  

 




 



 



 




 


 PART I
– FINANCIAL INFORMATION

 


 Item 1.
Financial Statement

 


 SQN
Alternative Investment Fund III L.P. and
Subsidiaries

(A
Delaware Limited Partnership)

Condensed
Consolidated Balance Sheets

 




 



 



September
30, 2016



 



 



December
31, 2015



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Assets



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Cash and
cash equivalents



 



$



587,847



 



 



$



2,816,914



 





Accounts
receivable



 



 



260,038



 



 



 



3,538



 





Investments
in finance leases, net



 



 



841,622



 



 



 



1,660,512



 





Investments
in equipment subject to operating leases, net



 



 



2,546,674



 



 



 



3,452,536



 





Residual
value investments in equipment on lease



 



 



634,702



 



 



 



634,702



 





Convertible
promissory note



 



 



-



 



 



 



1,320,000



 





Equipment
notes receivable, including accrued interest of $391,726 and
$255,082



 



 



3,434,262



 



 



 



3,561,570



 





Collaterized
loan receivable, including accrued interest of $8,754 and
$0



 



 



286,646



 



 



 



-



 





Loan
origination costs, net of accumulated amortization of $160,780 and
$160,328



 



 



-



 



 



 



452



 





Due from
Investment Manager



 



 



36,831



 



 



 



137,373



 





Initial
direct costs, net of accumulated amortization of $423,727 and
$415,661



 



 



45,441



 



 



 



53,507



 





Investment
in participation interest



 



 



8,421,915



 



 



 



8,421,915



 





Equipment
investment through SPV



 



 



4,318,409



 



 



 



-



 





Other
assets



 



 



2,202,829



 



 



 



1,485,800



 





Total
Assets



 



$



23,617,216



 



 



$



23,548,819



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Liabilities
and Partners’ Equity



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Liabilities:



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Non-recourse
loans payable, including accrued interest of $44,356 and
$32,011



 



$



6,422,110



 



 



$



3,223,396



 





Accounts
payable and accrued expenses



 



 



822,861



 



 



 



85,462



 





Distributions
payable to Limited Partners



 



 



-



 



 



 



2,633,505



 





Distributions
payable to General Partner



 



 



138,379



 



 



 



127,573



 





Rental
income received in advance



 



 



18,546



 



 



 



235,944



 





Deferred
gain from investment



 



 



201,628



 



 



 



237,209



 





Security
deposits payable



 



 



29,700



 



 



 



29,700



 





Total
Liabilities



 



 



7,633,224



 



 



 



6,572,789



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Commitments
and contingencies



 



 



-



 



 



 



-



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Partners’
Equity (Deficit):



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Limited
Partners



 



 



15,647,216



 



 



 



17,069,862



 





General
Partner



 



 



(107,949



)



 



 



(93,832



)





Total
Partners’ Equity attributable to the Partnership



 



 



15,539,267



 



 



 



16,976,030



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Non-controlling
interest in consolidated entities



 



 



444,725



 



 



 



-



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Total
Equity



 



 



15,983,992



 



 



 



16,976,030



 





Total
Liabilities and Partners’ Equity



 



$



23,617,216



 



 



$



23,548,819



 




 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited
condensed consolidated financial statements.

 




3




  

 




 



 



 




 


  SQN
Alternative Investment Fund III L.P. and
Subsidiaries

(A
Delaware Limited Partnership)

Condensed
Consolidated Statements of Operations

(Unaudited)

 




 



 



For the
Three Months Ended



 



 



For the
Nine Months Ended



 





 



 



September
30,



 



 



September
30,



 





 



 



2016



 



 



2015



 



 



2016



 



 



2015



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Revenue:



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Rental
income



 



$



156,875



 



 



$



307,391



 



 



$



734,357



 



 



$



1,359,783



 





Finance
income



 



 



1,422



 



 



 



258,001



 



 



 



7,749



 



 



 



999,522



 





(Loss)
gain on sale of assets



 



 



(1,738



)



 



 



809,707



 



 



 



161,151



 



 



 



864,688



 





Investment
income from participation interest and equity method
investments



 



 



227,082



 



 



 



225,360



 



 



 



677,803



 



 



 



589,805



 





Interest
income



 



 



67,271



 



 



 



154,439



 



 



 



259,651



 



 



 



501,726



 





Income
from equipment investment through SPV



 



 



571,208



 



 



 



-



 



 



 



571,208



 



 



 



-



 





Other
income



 



 



-



 



 



 



185



 



 



 



-



 



 



 



10,087



 





Total
Revenue



 



 



1,022,120



 



 



 



1,755,083



 



 



 



2,411,919



 



 



 



4,325,611



 





Provision
for lease, note, and loan losses



 



 



-



 



 



 



-



 



 



 



-



 



 



 



-



 





Revenue
less provision for lease, note, and loan losses



 



 



1,022,120



 



 



 



1,755,083



 



 



 



2,411,919



 



 



 



4,325,611



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Expenses:



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Management
fees - Investment Manager



 



 



141,677



 



 



 



141,677



 



 



 



425,031



 



 



 



425,031



 





Depreciation
and amortization



 



 



101,317



 



 



 



178,651



 



 



 



499,370



 



 



 



559,388



 





Professional
fees



 



 



20,415



 



 



 



42,110



 



 



 



143,874



 



 



 



168,358



 





Administration
expense



 



 



7,177



 



 



 



11,014



 



 



 



36,435



 



 



 



20,543



 





Other
expenses



 



 



8,462



 



 



 



7,841



 



 



 



41,973



 



 



 



14,497



 





Interest
expense



 



 



135,611



 



 



 



199,011



 



 



 



294,640



 



 



 



649,033



 





Expenses
from equipment investment through SPV (including depreciation
expense of approximately $113,000 for the period ending September
30, 2016)



 



 



584,598



 



 



 



-



 



 



 



849,135



 



 



 



-



 





Total
Expenses



 



 



999,257



 



 



 



580,304



 



 



 



2,290,458



 



 



 



1,836,850



 





Foreign
currency transaction losses



 



 



205,687



 



 



 



365,580



 



 



 



480,383



 



 



 



144,653



 





Net (loss)
income



 



$



(182,824



)



 



$



809,199



 



 



$



(358,922



)



 



$



2,344,108



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Net loss
attributable to non-controlling interest in consolidated
entities



 



 



(1,339



)



 



 



-



 



 



 



(27,793



)



 



 



-



 





Net (loss)
income attributable to the Partnership



 



 



(181,485



)



 



 



809,199



 



 



 



(331,129



)



 



 



2,344,108



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Net (loss)
income allocable to:



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Limited
Partners



 



$



(179,670



)



 



$



801,107



 



 



$



(327,818



)



 



$



2,320,667



 





General
Partner



 



 



(1,815



)



 



 



8,092



 



 



 



(3,311



)



 



 



23,441



 





Net (loss)
income



 



$



(181,485



)



 



$



809,199



 



 



$



(331,129



)



 



$



2,344,108



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Weighted
average number of limited partnership interests
outstanding



 



 



27,721.10



 



 



 



27,721.10



 



 



 



27,721.10



 



 



 



27,721.10



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Net (loss)
income attributable to Limited Partners per weighted average number
of limited partnership interests outstanding



 



$



(6.48



)



 



$



28.90



 



 



$



(11.83



)



 



$



83.71



 




 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited
condensed consolidated financial statements.

 




4




  

 




 



 



 




 


 SQN
Alternative Investment Fund III L.P. and
Subsidiaries

(A
Delaware Limited Partnership)

Condensed
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Partners’
Equity

Nine
Months Ended September 30, 2016

(Unaudited)

 




 



 



Limited
Partnership Interests



 



 



Total
Partners’ Equity (Deficit)



 



 



General
Partner



 



 



Limited
Partners



 



 



Non-controlling
Interest



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





 Balance,
January 1, 2016



 



 



27,721.10



 



 



$



16,976,030



 



 



$



(93,832



)



 



$



17,069,862



 



 



$



-



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Non-controlling
interest contribution to consolidated entities



 



 



-



 



 



 



472,518



 



 



 



-



 



 



 



-



 



 



 



472,518



 





Distributions
to Partners



 



 



-



 



 



 



(1,091,366



)



 



 



(10,806



)



 



 



(1,080,560



)



 



 



-



 





Redemption
of initial Limited Partners’ contribution



 



 



-



 



 



 



(14,268



)



 



 



-



 



 



 



(14,268



)



 



 



-



 





Net
loss



 



 



-



 



 



 



(358,922



)



 



 



(3,311



)



 



 



(327,818



)



 



 



(27,793



)





 Balance,
September 30, 2016



 



 



27,721.10



 



 



$



15,983,992



 



 



$



(107,949



)



 



$



15,647,216



 



 



$



444,725



 




 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited
condensed consolidated financial statements.

 




5




  

 




 



 



 




 


 SQN
Alternative Investment Fund III L.P. and
Subsidiaries

(A
Delaware Limited Partnership)

  Condensed
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows

(Unaudited)

 




 



 



For the
Nine Months Ended September 30,



 





 



 



2016



 



 



2015



 





Cash flows
from operating activities:



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Net (loss)
income



 



$



(358,922



)



 



$



2,344,108



 





Adjustments
to reconcile net (loss) income to net cash provided by operating
activities:



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Finance
income



 



 



(7,749



)



 



 



(999,522



)





Accrued
interest income



 



 



(188,169



)



 



 



28,162



 





Investment
loss from equity method investment



 



 



-



 



 



 



86,277



 





Gain on
sale of assets



 



 



(161,151



)



 



 



(864,688



)





Depreciation
and amortization



 



 



499,370



 



 



 



559,388



 





Foreign
currency transaction losses



 



 



473,814



 



 



 



51,552



 





Change in
operating assets and liabilities:



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Accounts
receivable



 



 



(278,628



)



 



 



(439,999



)





Accrued
interest income received



 



 



-



 



 



 



113,155



 





Minimum
rental payments received



 



 



101,480



 



 



 



1,232,008



 





Other
assets



 



 



(503,365



)



 



 



688,657



 





Accounts
payable and accrued expenses



 



 



737,399



 



 



 



1,928,958



 





Deferred
revenue



 



 



(35,581



)



 



 



(35,581



)





Accrued
interest on notes and loans payable



 



 



25,680



 



 



 



(380,286



)





Rental
income received in advance



 



 



(217,398



)



 



 



106,838



 





Net cash
provided by operating activities



 



 



86,780



 



 



 



4,419,027



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Cash flows
from investing activities:



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Proceeds
from sale of leased assets



 



 



942,693



 



 



 



9,800,458



 





Principal
payments received on convertible notes



 



 



1,320,000



 



 



 



42,857



 





Cash paid
for collateralized loan receivable



 



 



(277,892



)



 



 



-



 





Equipment
investment through SPV



 



 



(3,893,159



)



 



 



-



 





Proceeds
from sale of SQN Echo LLC



 



 



-



 



 



 



705,708



 





Proceeds
from sale of SQN Echo II LLC



 



 



-



 



 



 



379,300



 





Other
liability



 



 



-



 



 



 



(411,598



)





Net cash
(used in) provided by investing activities



 



 



(1,908,358



)



 



 



10,516,725



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Cash flows
from financing activities:



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Proceeds
from loans payable



 



 



3,846,668



 



 



 



-



 





Principal
payments of loan payable



 



 



(1,098,884



)



 



 



(7,231,798



)





Cash
received from non-controlling interest contribution



 



 



472,518



 



 



 



-



 





Cash paid
for distributions to Limited Partners



 



 



(3,714,065



)



 



 



(5,960,037



)





Cash paid
for initial Limited Partners contribution redemption



 



 



(14,268



)



 



 



-



 





Repayment
of note from Investment Manager



 



 



100,542



 



 



 



89,726



 





Net cash
used in financing activities



 



 



(407,489



)



 



 



(13,102,109



)





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Net
(decrease) increase  in cash and cash
equivalents



 



 



(2,229,067



)



 



 



1,833,643



 





Cash and
cash equivalents, beginning of year



 



 



2,816,914



 



 



 



333,039



 





Cash and
cash equivalents, end of year



 



$



587,847



 



 



$



2,166,682



 




 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited
condensed consolidated financial statements.

 




6




  

 




 



 



 




 


 SQN
Alternative Investment Fund III L.P. and
Subsidiaries

(A
Delaware Limited Partnership)

Condensed
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows

(Unaudited)

 




 



 



For the
Nine Months Ended September 30,



 





 



 



2016



 



 



2015



 





Supplemental
disclosures of cash flow information:



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Cash paid
for interest



 



$



268,960



 



 



$



439,870



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Supplemental
disclosure of non-cash investing and financing
activities:



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Increase
in equipment investment through SPV



 



$



(425,250



)



 



$



-



 





Reclassification
of equipment subject to operating leases to other assets



 



$



-



 



 



$



139,417



 





Reclassification
of investment in finance lease to other assets



 



$



227,824



 



 



$



333,528



 





Distributions
payable to General Partner



 



$



10,806



 



 



$



59,600



 





Reclassification
of other assets to equipment subject to operating leases



 



$



-



 



 



$



(2,500,000



)




 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited
condensed consolidated financial statements.

 




7




  

 




 



 



 




 

 SQN
Alternative Investment Fund III L.P. and
Subsidiaries

(A
Delaware Limited Partnership) 

Notes to
Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements

Nine
Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015

(Unaudited)

 




1.



Organization
and Nature of Operations




 

Organization
- SQN
Alternative Investment Fund III L.P. (the
“Partnership”) was formed on March 10, 2010, as a
Delaware limited partnership and is engaged in a single business
segment, the ownership and investment in leased equipment, which
includes: (i) purchasing equipment and leasing it to third-party
end users; (ii) providing equipment and other asset financing;
(iii) acquiring equipment subject to lease and (iv) acquiring
ownership rights (residual value interests) in leased equipment at
lease expiration. The Partnership will terminate no later than
December 31, 2034.

 

Nature of
Operations – The
principal investment strategy of the Partnership is to invest in
business-essential, revenue-producing (or cost-savings) equipment
or other physical assets with high in-place value and long,
relative to the investment term, economic life and project
financings. The Partnership executes its investment strategy by
making investments in equipment already subject to lease or
originating equipment leases in such equipment, which will include:
(i) purchasing equipment and leasing it to third-party end users;
(ii) providing equipment and other asset and project financings;
(iii) acquiring equipment subject to lease and (iv) acquiring
ownership rights (residual value interests) in leased equipment at
lease expiration. From time to time, the Partnership may also
purchase equipment and sell it directly to its leasing customers.
The Partnership may use other investment structures that SQN
Capital Management, LLC (the “Investment Manager”)
believes will provide the Partnership with an appropriate level of
security, collateralization, and flexibility to optimize its return
on its investment while protecting against downside risk. In many
cases, the structure will include the Partnership holding title to
or a priority or controlling position in the equipment or other
asset.

 

The
General Partner of the Partnership is SQN AIF III GP, LLC (the
“General Partner”), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the
Partnership’s Investment Manager. Both the
Partnership’s General Partner and its Investment Manager are
Delaware limited liability companies. The General Partner manages
and controls the day to day activities and operations of the
Partnership, pursuant to the terms of the Partnership Agreement.
The General Partner paid an aggregate capital contribution of $100
for a 1% interest in the Partnership’s income, losses and
distributions. The Investment Manager makes all investment
decisions and manages the investment portfolio of the Partnership.
The General Partner or its affiliates purchased 100 limited
partnership interests (“Units”) for $100,000 on March
15, 2013.

 

On
October 9, 2013, the Partnership formed a special purpose entity,
SQN Delta, LLC (“Delta”), a limited liability company
registered in the state of Delaware which is 100% owned by the
Partnership. The purpose of Delta was to acquire an $8,540,000
interest in two newly commissioned shipping vessels under long-term
charter contracts. The Partnership consolidates Delta into the
condensed consolidated financial statements.

 

On June
22, 2016, Delta entered into a sale and assignment of partnership
interest agreement with the Partnership and a third party. Under
the terms of the agreement, Delta acquired an 88.20% (90% of 98%)
economic interest in a portfolio of a container feeder vessel, for
an aggregate investment of $4,252,500. Delta contributed cash of
$850,500 and entered into a loan payable with a third party of
$3,443,185. Delta acquired their economic interest in the vessel
through a limited partnership interest in Boxship Holding GmbH
& Co. KG, a Germany based limited partnership (“Boxship
Holding”), which acquired and operates the container feeder
vessel. Delta bears the risks and rewards of ownership of Boxship
Holding and therefore Delta consolidates the financial statements
of Boxship Holding. Since the Partnership bears the primary risks
and rewards of Delta, the Partnership consolidates Delta into the
condensed consolidated financial statements. A third party
contributed $462,740 to purchase a 10% share of Boxship Holding
which is presented as non-controlling interest on the condensed
consolidated financial statements.

 




8




  

 




 



 



 




 

On June
19, 2013, the Partnership acquired the primary economic risks and
rewards in a newly formed special purpose entity, SQN Bravo LLC
(“Bravo”). The Partnership’s Investment Manager
evaluated this acquisition based on the following factors: (i) the
Partnership was able to leverage its investments through debt at
rates less than the corresponding leased equipment are earning and
(ii) the Partnership was able to use the proceeds to make
additional lease investments at higher rates. The Partnership
consolidates Bravo into the condensed consolidated financial
statements.

 

The
Partnership will make, at the sole discretion of the Investment
Manager, semi-annual cash distributions to each Limited Partner
computed at 3% (pro-rated to the date of admission for each Limited
Partner) of each Limited Partner’s capital contribution,
beginning six months after the Partnership’s initial closing
which occurred on May 2, 2011. The Partnership’s income,
losses and distributions are allocated 99% to the Limited Partners
and 1% to the General Partner until the Limited Partners have
received total distributions equal to each Limited Partner’s
capital contribution plus an 8%, compounded annually, cumulative
return on each Limited Partners’ capital contribution. After
such time, income, losses and distributions will be allocated 80%
to the Limited Partners and 20% to the General Partner.

 

The
Partnership was declared effective by the Securities and Exchange
Commission (“SEC”) on March 17, 2011, which was the
commencement date of the Offering Period. The Offering Period
concluded on March 15, 2013. During the Offering Period, the
Partnership admitted 375 Limited Partners, raised $27,861,100 in
capital contributions, issued 27,861.10 Units at $1,000 per Unit
and paid organizational and offering expenses totaling $999,119.
During the Offering Period the Partnership paid $557,222 in
distribution expenses to SQN Securities LLC,
(“Securities”) a majority-owned subsidiary of the
Investment Manager. Securities was the sole selling agent for the
Partnership’s Units. A Limited Partner may not redeem their
Units in the Partnership without the prior written consent of the
General Partner. The General Partner has the sole discretion to
approve or deny any redemption requested by a Limited
Partner.

 

Due to
the Partnership not achieving certain equity raising milestones
during the Offering Period the Partnership’s General Partner
and/or its Investment Manager were required to reimburse a portion
of the organizational and offering expenses incurred by the
Partnership and reduce the management fee paid to the Investment
Manager to such an amount over the Partnership’s entire life
that the total average management fee will not be greater than 2%
per year of the aggregate offering proceeds (See note
3).

 




2.



Summary of
Significant Accounting Policies




 

Basis of
Presentation –
The condensed consolidated financial statements of SQN Alternative
Investment Fund III, L.P. and Subsidiaries at September 30, 2016
and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015
are unaudited and have been prepared in accordance with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America
(“U.S. GAAP”) for interim financial information and
pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC with respect to
Form 10-Q and Article 8 of Regulation S-X. Accordingly, they do not
include all of the information and footnotes required by U.S. GAAP
for complete consolidated financial statements. The unaudited
interim condensed consolidated financial statements furnished
reflect all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring
adjustments) which are, in the opinion of management, necessary for
a fair statement of the results for the interim periods presented.
The results reported in these condensed consolidated financial
statements should not necessarily be taken as indicative of results
that may be expected for the entire year. These unaudited interim
condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in
conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements of
the Partnership for the year ended December 31, 2015 and notes
thereto contained in the Partnership’s annual report on Form
10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, as filed with the SEC on
March 30, 2016.

 

Principles
of Consolidation - The
condensed consolidated financial statements include the accounts of
the Partnership and its subsidiaries where the Partnership has the
primary economic benefits of ownership. The Partnership’s
consolidation policy requires the consolidation of entities where a
controlling financial interest is held as well as the consolidation
of variable interest entities in which the Partnership has the
primary economic benefits. All material intercompany balances and
transactions are eliminated in consolidation.

 




9




  

 




 



 



 




 

Use of
estimates –
The preparation of condensed consolidated financial statements in
conformity with U.S. GAAP requires the General Partner and
Investment Manager to make estimates and assumptions that affect
the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the
condensed consolidated financial statements and the reported
amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period.
Significant estimates primarily include the determination of
allowances for doubtful lease, notes and loan accounts,
depreciation and amortization, impairment losses, estimated useful
lives, and residual values. Actual results could differ from those
estimates.

 

Cash and
Cash Equivalents –
The
Partnership considers all highly liquid investments with a maturity
of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. Cash
and cash equivalents consist of funds maintained in checking and
money market accounts held at financial institutions. The
Partnership’s cash and cash equivalents are held principally
at one financial institution in the United States of America and at
times the balances may exceed federally insured limits.

 

The
Partnership has placed these funds in an international financial
institution in order to minimize risk relating to exceeding insured
limits. The Partnership, through Summit Asset Management Limited,
maintains an unrestricted bank account at a major financial
institution in the United Kingdom for purposes of receiving
payments and funding transactions in Pound Sterling. At September
30, 2016, the Partnership did not have any cash and cash
equivalents held in a bank in the United Kingdom. At December 31,
2015, the Partnership had £45,405 ($67,209 applying exchange
rates at December 31, 2015), respectively, of cash and cash
equivalents held in two banks in the United Kingdom.

 

Credit
Risk – In
the normal course of business, the Partnership is exposed to credit
risk. Credit risk is the risk that the Partnerships’
counterparty to an agreement will at some point either have an
inability or unwillingness to make contractually required payments.
Concentrations of credit risk with respect to lessees are dispersed
across different industry segments throughout the United Kingdom
and the United States of America. Although the Partnership does not
currently foresee a concentrated credit risk associated with these
lessees, lease payments are dependent upon the financial stability
of the industry segments in which they operate.

 

Asset
Impairments –
Assets in the Partnership’s investment portfolio, which are
considered long lived assets, are periodically reviewed, no less
frequently than annually or when indicators of impairment exist, to
determine whether events or changes in circumstances indicate that
the carrying value of the asset may not be recoverable. An
impairment loss is recognized only if the carrying amount of a
long-lived asset is not recoverable and exceeds its fair value. If
there is an indication of impairment, the Partnership estimates the
future cash flows (undiscounted and without interest charges)
expected from the use of the asset and its eventual disposition.
Future cash flows are the future cash in-flows expected to be
generated by an asset less the future out-flows expected to be
necessary to obtain those in-flows. If an impairment is determined
to exist, the impairment loss is measured as the amount by which
the carrying value of a long-lived asset exceeds its fair value and
is recorded in the statement of operations in the period the
determination is made. The events or changes in circumstances that
generally indicate that an asset may be impaired are, (i) the
estimated fair value of the underlying equipment is less than its
carrying value, (ii) the lessee is experiencing financial
difficulties and (iii) it does not appear likely that the estimated
proceeds from the disposition of the asset will be sufficient to
recover the carrying value of the asset. The preparation of the
undiscounted cash flows requires the use of assumptions and
estimates, including the level of future rents or receipts from the
sale of the residual value investment, estimated downtime between
re-leasing events, and the amount of re-leasing costs. The
Investment Manager’s review for impairment includes a
consideration of the existence of impairment indicators, including
third party appraisals, published values for similar assets, recent
transactions for similar assets, adverse changes in market
conditions for specific asset types, and the occurrence of
significant adverse changes in general industry and market
conditions that could affect the fair value of the
asset.

 




10




  

 




 



 



 




 

Lease
Classification and Revenue Recognition –
The Partnership records revenue based upon the lease classification
determined at the inception of the transaction and based upon the
terms of the lease or when there are significant changes to the
lease terms.

 

The
Partnership leases equipment to third parties and each such lease
may be classified as either a finance lease or an operating lease.
Initial direct costs are capitalized and amortized over the term of
the related lease for a finance lease. For an operating lease,
initial direct costs are included as a component of the cost of the
equipment and depreciated.

 

For
finance leases, the Partnership records at lease inception the
total minimum lease payments receivable from the lessee, the
estimated unguaranteed residual value of the equipment upon lease
termination, the initial direct costs, if any, related to the lease
and the related unearned income. Unearned income represents the
difference between the sum of the minimum lease payments receivable
plus the estimated unguaranteed residual value, minus the cost of
the leased equipment. Unearned income is recognized as finance
income over the term of the lease using the effective interest rate
method.

 

For
operating leases, rental income is recognized on the straight line
basis over the lease term. Billed and uncollected operating lease
receivables will be included in accounts receivable. Accounts
receivable are stated at their estimated net realizable value.
Rental income received in advance is the difference between the
timing of the cash payments and the income recognized on the
straight line basis.

 

For
leases subject to equipment notes receivable, specific payment
terms were reached requiring payments which resulted in the
recognition of interest income. This income is recognized over the
course of the lease agreement.

 

The
Investment Manager has an investment committee that approves each
new equipment lease, financing transaction, and lease acquisition.
As part of this process it determines the unguaranteed residual
value, if any, to be used once the acquisition has been approved.
The factors considered in determining the unguaranteed residual
value include, but are not limited to, the creditworthiness of the
potential lessee, the type of equipment being considered, how the
equipment is integrated into the potential lessee’s business,
the length of the lease and the industry in which the potential
lessee operates. Unguaranteed residual values are reviewed for
impairment in accordance with the Partnership’s policy
relating to impairment review.

 

The
residual value assumes, among other things, that the asset will be
utilized normally in an open, unrestricted and stable market.
Short-term fluctuations in the marketplace are disregarded and it
is assumed that there is no necessity either to dispose of a
significant number of the assets, if held in quantity,
simultaneously or to dispose of the asset quickly. The residual
value is calculated using information from various external
sources, such as trade publications, auction data, equipment
dealers, wholesalers and industry experts, as well as inspection of
the physical asset and other economic indicators.

 

Finance
Lease Receivables and Allowance for Doubtful Lease, Notes and Loan
Accounts — In
the normal course of business, the Partnership provides credit or
financing to its customers, performs credit evaluations of these
customers, and maintains reserves for potential credit losses.
These credit or financing transactions are normally collateralized
by the equipment being financed. In determining the amount of
allowance for doubtful lease, note and loan accounts, the
Investment Manager considers historical credit losses, the past due
status of receivables, payment history, and other customer-specific
information, including the value of the collateral. The past due
status of a receivable is based on its contractual terms. Expected
credit losses are recorded as an allowance for doubtful lease, note
and loan accounts. Receivables are written off when the Investment
Manager determines they are uncollectible. At September 30, 2016,
an allowance for doubtful lease, notes and loan accounts is not
currently provided since, in the opinion of the Investment Manager,
all accounts recorded are deemed collectible.

 




11




  

 




 



 



 




 

Equipment
Notes Receivable —
Equipment notes receivable are reported in the condensed
consolidated financial statements as the outstanding principal
balance net of any unamortized deferred fees, premiums or discounts
on purchased loans. Costs to originate loans, if any, are reported
as other assets in the condensed consolidated financial statements.
Income is recognized over the life of the note agreement. On
certain equipment notes receivable, specific payment terms were
reached requiring prepayments which resulted in the recognition of
unearned interest income. Unearned income, discounts and premiums,
if any, are amortized to interest income in the condensed
consolidated statements of operations using the effective interest
rate method. Equipment notes receivable are generally placed in a
non-accrual status when payments are more than 90 days past due.
Additionally, the Investment Manager periodically reviews the
creditworthiness of companies with payments outstanding less than
90 days. Based upon the Investment Manager’s judgment,
accounts may be placed in a non-accrual status. Accounts on a
non-accrual status are only returned to an accrual status when the
account has been brought current and the Partnership believes
recovery of the remaining unpaid receivable is probable. Revenue on
non-accrual accounts is recognized only when cash has been
received.

 

Initial
Direct Costs —
The Partnership capitalizes initial direct costs associated with
the origination and funding of lease assets. These costs are
amortized on a lease by lease basis over the actual contract term
of each lease using the effective interest rate method for finance
leases and the straight-line method for operating leases. Upon
disposal of the underlying lease assets, both the initial direct
costs and the associated accumulated amortization are relieved.
Costs related to leases that are not consummated are not eligible
for capitalization as initial direct costs and are expensed as
incurred as acquisition expense.

 

Cost
Method —
The Partnership records its investment in participation interests
at cost. Under the cost method of accounting for investments,
dividends are the basis for recognition by an investor of earnings
from an investment. The Partnership recognizes as income dividends
received that are distributed from net accumulated earnings of the
investee since the date of acquisition. The net accumulated
earnings of the investee subsequent to the date of investment are
recognized by the Partnership only to the extent distributed by the
investee as dividends. Dividends received in excess of earnings
subsequent to the date of investment are considered a return of
investment and are recorded as a reduction of the cost of the
investment.

 

Income
Taxes — As
a partnership, no provision for income taxes is recorded since the
liability for such taxes is that of each of the Partners rather
than the Partnership. The Partnership’s income tax returns
are subject to examination by the federal and state taxing
authorities, and changes, if any, could adjust the individual
income tax of the Partners.

 

Per Share
Data —
Net income or loss attributable to Limited Partners per weighted
average number of limited partnership interests outstanding is
calculated as follows; the net income or loss allocable to the
Limited Partners divided by the weighted average number of limited
partnership interests outstanding during the period.

 

Foreign
Currency Transactions —
The Partnership has designated the United States of America dollar
as the functional currency for the Partnership’s investments
denominated in foreign currencies. Accordingly, certain assets and
liabilities are translated at either the reporting period exchange
rates or the historical exchange rates, revenues and expenses are
translated at the average rate of exchange for the period, and all
transaction gains or losses are reflected in the period’s
results of operations.

 

Depreciation
—
The Partnership records depreciation expense on equipment when the
lease is classified as an operating lease. In order to calculate
depreciation, the Partnership first determines the depreciable
equipment cost, which is the cost less the estimated residual
value. The estimated residual value is the estimate of the value of
the equipment at lease termination. Depreciation expense is
recorded by applying the straight-line method of depreciation to
the depreciable equipment cost over the lease term which varies
from one to five years.

 




12




  

 




 



 



 




 

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements

 

In
February 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board
(“FASB”) issued new guidance to improve consolidation
guidance for legal entities (Accounting Standards Update
(“ASU”) 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842): Amendments to
Leases Analysis), effective for fiscal years beginning after
December 15, 2018 and interim periods within those years and early
adoption is permitted. The standard amends the existing accounting
standards for lease accounting, including requiring lessees to
recognize most leases on their balance sheets and making targeted
changes to lessor accounting. The new leases standard requires a
modified retrospective transition approach for all leases existing
at, or entered into after, the date of initial application, with an
option to use certain transition relief. The Partnership is
currently evaluating the impact of this guidance on its condensed
consolidated financial statements.

 

In
February 2015, the Financial Accounting Standards Board
(“FASB”) issued new guidance to improve consolidation
guidance for legal entities ASU 2015-02, Consolidation (Topic 810):
Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis), effective for fiscal
years beginning after December 15, 2015 and interim periods within
those years and early adoption is permitted. The new standard is
intended to improve targeted areas of the consolidation guidance
for legal entities such as limited partnerships, limited liability
corporations, and securitization structures. The amendments in the
ASU affect the consolidation evaluation for reporting
organizations. In addition, the amendments in this ASU simplify and
improve current U.S. GAAP by reducing the number of consolidation
models. The Partnership is currently evaluating the impact of this
guidance on its condensed consolidated financial
statements.

 

Management
does not believe that any other recently issued, but not yet
effective accounting pronouncements, if adopted, would have a
material effect on the accompanying condensed consolidated
financial statements.

 




3.



Related
Party Transactions




 

The
General Partner is responsible for the day-to-day operations and
management of the Partnership and the Investment Manager makes all
investment decisions and manages the investment portfolio of the
Partnership.

 

On March
15, 2013, the Partnership recorded a due from Investment Manager in
the amount of $441,897 for organizational and offering expenses
that exceeded 2% of the total equity raised, which bears interest
at 10% per year, has monthly principal and interest payments of
$11,767 and terminates December 2016. The interest rate was
determined based upon a recent transaction with an unrelated third
party which was completed on February 28, 2013 and included an
interest rate of 10%. Under the terms of the Offering Agreement,
the Partnership’s Investment Manager was not required to
reimburse the Partnership with interest. At September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015, the Partnership has a remaining balance on the
note receivable from its Investment Manager of $36,831 and
$137,373, respectively, which is included in the condensed
consolidated balance sheets.

 

For the
three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Partnership
paid the Investment Manager $141,677 which is included in
Management fees – Investment Manager in the condensed
consolidated statements of operations. For the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Partnership paid the Investment
Manager $425,031 which is included in Management fees –
Investment Manager in the condensed consolidated statements of
operations.

 

The
General Partner has a 1% interest in the profits, losses and
distributions of the Partnership. In addition, the General Partner
has a promotional interest in the Partnership equal to 20% of all
distributed cash available for distribution, after the Partnership
has provided an 8% cumulative return, compounded annually, to the
Limited Partners on their capital contributions.

 

On
January 19, 2015, the Investment Manager, through a wholly-owned
subsidiary, entered into an agreement to acquire the leasing
division of Summit Asset Management Limited (“Summit Asset
Management”). Upon the acquisition, the Origination and
Servicing Agreement between the Investment Manager and Summit Asset
Management was terminated. From January 1, 2015, all activities of
Summit Asset Management are conducted under SQN Capital Management
(UK) Limited (“SQN UK”). Where Summit Asset Management
was previously the servicer on transactions sold to the
Partnership, SQN UK will now act as servicer.

 




13




  

 




 



 



 




 




4.



SQN Bravo
LLC




 

On June
19, 2013, the Partnership sold certain assets along with their
related rental streams to a newly formed special purpose entity,
SQN Bravo LLC. On the same date, the Partnership made an equity
investment in Bravo. The Partnership’s Investment Manager
determined that this was in the Partnership’s best interests
due to the following factors: (i) the Partnership was able to
leverage investments through debt at rates less than the
corresponding leased equipment were earning and (ii) the
Partnership was able to use the proceeds to make additional lease
investments at higher rates of return.

 

On June
19, 2013, Bravo obtained financing as follows; (i) a non-recourse
loan payable for $5,860,085 and (ii) an equity investment from the
Partnership of $3,906,724. SQN Alternative Investment Fund II, LLC
(” SQN Fund II”), a private equipment leasing fund
managed by the Partnership’s Investment Manager also sold a
seasoned portfolio of leased equipment to Bravo. The portfolio
purchased from SQN Fund II was valued at the time of purchase based
on discounted cash flows for the revenue streams at a predetermined
rate and the residual values of the underlying assets were
supported by third party appraisers. Bravo purchased the following
general types of leased assets: (i) $632,284 in finance leases (See
Note 5), (ii) $1,937,636 in equipment subject to operating leases
(See Note 6) and (iii) $2,500,000 in residual value investments in
equipment on lease. In addition, the Partnership sold various
leased assets with a net book value of $4,137,073 to Bravo. During
the year ended December 31, 2014, the Partnership increased its
equity investment in Bravo to a total of $7,509,808, comprised of
$3,217,293 for equipment lease transactions and $470,000 for
equipment notes receivable. During the year ended December 31,
2015, the Partnership received approximately $5,166,320 in cash
from Bravo. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the
Partnership received approximately $783,624 in cash from Bravo. As
of the September 30, 2016, the total investment in Bravo was
$1,559,864.

 

As a
result of the equity purchase noted above, on June 19, 2013, the
Partnership acquired the primary economic risks and rewards in
Bravo and accordingly, the Partnership consolidates Bravo into its
financial statements and results of operations.

 




5.



Investments
in Finance Leases




 

At
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, net investments in
finance leases consisted of the following:

 





 



 



September
30, 2016



 



 



December
31, 2015



 





 



 



(unaudited)



 



 



 



 





Minimum
rents receivable



 



$



833,486



 



 



$



1,617,366



 





Estimated
unguaranteed residual value



 



 



8,493



 



 



 



51,498



 





Unearned
income



 



 



(357



)



 



 



(8,352



)





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





 



 



$



841,622



 



 



$



1,660,512



 




 

Anaerobic
Digestion Plant

 

An
anaerobic digestion plant is a series of processes in which
microorganisms breakdown biodegradable materials and produce a
biogas which can be used to generate electricity. During the nine
months ended September 30, 2016, Bravo sold this finance lease to a
third party. The third party paid cash proceeds of £109,000
($150,660 applying exchange rate of 1.3822 at February 29, 2016),
which is net of a value added tax of £21,800, ($30,132
applying exchange rate of 1.3822 at February 29, 2016). The
Partnership reclassified $227,824 to accounts receivable for
expected VAT refunds. The net book value of this finance lease at
the time of sale was $580,648, which resulted in the Partnership
recognizing a U.S. GAAP loss of $202,164.

 




14




  

 




 



 



 




 

Bottle
Recycling and Extrusion Production Line

 

On June
29, 2011, the Partnership entered into a Participation Agreement
(the “Agreement”) for an ownership interest in a Hire
Purchase Agreement (the “HP Agreement”). The HP
Agreement is between an independent United Kingdom leasing entity
and the lessee of a bottle recycling and extrusion line located in
the United Kingdom. The Partnership made it’s initial payment
under the Agreement on June 29, 2011 totaling £1,100,000 and
made it’s final payment on October 13, 2011 totaling
£730,000.

 

Under the
terms of the HP Agreement there is both an initial rental period
and a fixed rental period. The initial rental period ran through
June 30, 2012 at which time the fixed rental period began. The
fixed rental period is for a term of 60 months and the Partnership
receives monthly payments of £41,021. At lease termination
the lessee has an option to purchase the leased equipment at a
fixed price. The Partnership’s portion of the proceeds will
be £253,821. The Partnership paid initial direct costs as
follows: (i) on November 30, 2011, the Partnership paid
£9,125 and (ii) on July 15, 2011, the Partnership paid
£45,775 related to the acquisition of this leased equipment.
As result of the dramatic decline in oil prices, a key component in
the production of plastics, the lessee has suffered a significant
downturn in its business and profitability as the price of recycled
plastics no longer presented an attractive alternative to new
plastic products. During the year ended December 31, 2015, the
Investment Manager determined that collecting the total outstanding
balance of this finance lease is unlikely and has therefore written
down the value of this finance lease by £817,348 ($1,209,838
using exchange rate of 1.4802 on December 31, 2015). At September
30, 2016, there were no significant changes to this
lease.

 

At
September 30, 2016, the aggregate amounts of future minimum lease
payments receivable are as follows:

 





 



 



Lease
Payment Currencies



 



 



 



 





Periods
Ending September 30,



 



U.S.
Dollars



 



 



British
Pounds (1)



 



 



Total



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





2017



 



$



—



 



 



$



463,382



 



 



$



463,382



 





2018



 



 



—



 



 



 



370,104



 



 



 



370,104



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





 



 



$



—



 



 



$



833,486



 



 



$



833,486



 




 

(1)
Converted to U.S. Dollars at September 30, 2016 exchange rate of
1.2969.

 

For the
three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Partnership
incurred a foreign currency transaction loss of $27,272 and
$132,555, respectively, on its various investments in finance
leases. All amounts are included in foreign currency transaction
losses in the condensed consolidated statements of
operations.

 

For the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Partnership
incurred a foreign currency transaction loss of $144,511 on its
various investments in finance leases and a gain of $21,852,
respectively. All amounts are included in foreign currency
transaction losses in the condensed consolidated statements of
operations.

 




6.



Investment
in Equipment Subject to Operating Leases




 

At
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, investments in equipment
subject to operating leases consisted of the following:

 





 



 



September
30, 2016



 



 



December
31, 2015



 





 



 



(Unaudited)



 



 



 



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Aircraft
rotables



 



$



339,700



 



 



$



339,700



 





Computer
equipment



 



 



59,186



 



 



 



59,186



 





Modular
accommodations



 



 



2,928,049



 



 



 



2,928,049



 





Plastic
bulk storage containers



 



 



—



 



 



 



1,469,030



 





 



 



 



3,326,935



 



 



 



4,795,965



 





Accumulated
depreciation



 



 



(780,261



)



 



 



(1,343,429



)





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Total



 



$



2,546,674



 



 



$



3,452,536



 




 




15




  

 




 



 



 




 

Depreciation
expense was $98,642 and $175,724 for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Depreciation expense was
$491,302 and $550,413 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015, respectively.

 

Modular
Accommodations

 

In
January 2015, Bravo reclassified three leases from other assets to
operating leases upon the final execution of lease renewals and the
receipt of lease payments associated with such renewals. These
leases are for modular accommodations configured as healthcare
centers in the United Kingdom that Bravo purchased for
£1,582,278 ($2,500,000 applying the exchange rate used in the
agreement). One of the leases has a month to month lease term and
monthly payments of £17,295. The second lease had a remaining
term of 60 months and monthly payments of £6,760. The third
lease also had a remaining term of 60 months and monthly payments
of £12,917. These leases generated approximately $145,000 and
$461,000 of rental income for the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016, respectively. At September 30, 2016, there were
no significant changes to these leases.

 

Aircraft
Rotables

 

On June
19, 2013, Bravo purchased a lease for a 90% ownership interest in
aircraft rotables located in Australia from SQN Fund II for
$310,000, which included the assumption by Bravo of a security
deposit of $29,700. The lease expired on February 15, 2015 and
required monthly rental payments of $3,777. At lease expiration,
the lessee extended the lease on the same terms for another four
years through February 15, 2019. The lease generated approximately
$11,200 and $33,800 in rental income for the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2016, respectively. At September 30, 2016,
there were no significant changes to this lease.

 

As part
of this transaction Bravo became a party to a participation
agreement and a service agreement with a third party (the
“Participant”). Under the participation agreement, the
Participant acquired a 10% ownership interest by providing 10% of
the financing for this transaction. Under the service agreement,
the Participant will receive 5% of the gross payments from the
lessee. The Participant will provide program management services
and inventory tracking and monitoring services for all of the
aircraft rotable parts. Bravo is required to remit the
Participant’s portion of both the participation agreement and
service agreement from the gross payments from the lessee within 10
days of receipt from the lessee.

 

Reusable
Plastic Bulk Storage Containers - Participation

 

On March
30, 2012, the Partnership initially entered into an agreement to
purchase from an entity controlled by a third party (the
“Selling Entity”), an 18.08% residual value interest in
a pool of intermediate bulk agricultural containers located in the
United States of America for $1,367,173. In June 2016, the
Partnership sold this operating lease to a third party for total
cash proceeds of $792,033 ($148,361 of the proceeds were used to
payoff a related loan payable for this lease). The net book value
of this lease at the time of sale was $414,559, which resulted in
the Partnership recognizing a U.S. GAAP gain of
$377,474.

 

At
September 30, 2016, the aggregate amounts of future minimum lease
payments receivable are as follows:

 





 



 



Lease
Payment Currencies



 



 



 



 





Periods
Ending September 30,



 



U.S.
Dollars



 



 



British
Pounds (1)



 



 



Total



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





2017



 



$



45,072



 



 



$



306,229



 



 



$



351,301



 





2018



 



 



45,072



 



 



 



306,229



 



 



 



351,301



 





2019



 



 



18,780



 



 



 



253,627



 



 



 



272,407



 





2020



 



 



—



 



 



 



16,752



 



 



 



16,752



 





 



 



$



108,924



 



 



$



882,837



 



 



$



991,761



 




 

(1)
Converted to U.S. Dollars at September 30, 2016 exchange rate of
1.2969.

 




16




  

 




 



 



 




 




7.



Residual
Value Investments in Equipment on Lease




 

Gamma
Knife Suite

 

On
October 30, 2012, the Partnership entered into a Participation
Agreement with a third party to acquire a 99.99% residual interest
in a gamma knife suite located in the United Kingdom for
£379,620. The Partnership paid initial direct costs, which
have been included in the cost of the residual value asset, of
£15,185.

 




8.



Convertible
Promissory Note




 

On
February 27, 2013, the Partnership entered into a Subscription and
Securities Purchase Agreement to purchase a portion of a $3,500,000
Convertible Promissory Note (“Promissory Note”). On
February 28, 2013, the Partnership purchased a Promissory Note with
a principal amount of $1,500,000. The Promissory Note bore simple
interest at 10% per year which was payable quarterly. The
Promissory Note was collateralized by the shares of the borrower
and by an investment portfolio consisting of among other assets,
equipment leases, direct hard assets and infrastructure
investments. In March 2016, the Partnership received cash of
$41,572 ($8,572 of principal and $33,000 of interest). In June
2016, the Partnership received cash of $1,343,121 ($1,311,428 of
principal and $31,693 of interest) as payment in full of this
promissory note.

 




9.



Equipment
Notes Receivable




 

At
September 30, 2016


 








 












