    Juergen Srega | Bruker BioSciences Corporation | ZoomInfo.com










 




	
        Compensation Information for Juergen  Srega , President, Bruker CALID Group of BRUKER CORP | Salary.com
    


























Enterprise
Small Business
Personal




Contact Us
Log In


































Salaries
Jobs
Education
Advice
























 





Juergen  Srega 
Executive Compensation
As President, Bruker CALID Group at BRUKER CORP, Juergen  Srega  made $1,074,063 in total compensation.  Of this total $351,121 was received as a salary, $84,262 was received as a bonus, $275,092 was received in stock options, $275,001 was awarded as stock and $88,587 came from other types of compensation. This information is according to proxy statements filed for the 2016 fiscal year. 


ENTER AN EXECUTIVE OR COMPANY NAME
New Search


Go



The chart on this page features a breakdown of the total annual pay for Juergen  Srega ,  President, Bruker CALID Group at BRUKER CORP as reported in their proxy statements. 
Total Cash Compensation information is comprised of yearly Base Pay and Bonuses. BRUKER CORP income statements for executive base pay and bonus are filed yearly with the SEC in the edgar filing system. BRUKER CORP annual reports of executive compensation and pay are most commonly found in the Def 14a documents.
Total Equity aggregates grant date fair value of stock and option awards and long term incentives granted during the fiscal year.
Other Compensation covers all compensation-like awards that don't fit in any of these other standard categories. Numbers reported do not include change in pension value and non-qualified deferred compensation earnings.



Other Executives at this Company


Mark R. Munch Ph.D.
Anthony L. Mattacchione 
Frank H. Laukien Ph.D.
René  Lenggenhager Ph.D







Juergen  Srega 


Base Pay$351,121
Bonus + Incentive Comp$84,262
Total Cash Compensation$435,383


Stock Award Value$275,001
Option Award Value$275,092
Total Equity$550,093



Total Other$88,587



Total Compensation$1,074,063




Browse Executives by First Name
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z


Browse Companies by Company Name
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
#



This report is not for commercial use. Thorough reviews have been conducted to assure this data accurately reflects disclosures. However for a complete and definitive understanding of the pay practices of any company, users should refer directly to the actual, complete proxy statement. 
Use of Data / Disclaimer
The information shown here is a reporting of information included in the company's proxy statement. The proxy statement includes footnotes and explanations of this information plus other information that is pertinent in assessing the overall value and appropriateness of the compensation information. For those interested in conducting a detailed compensation analysis, we recommend that you review the entire proxy statement. You may retrieve the full proxy statement by going to the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) website at www.sec.gov and entering the company's name and then looking in the first column for an entry of "Form DEF 14A" (or any similar code). You may also find the annual proxy statement by going directly to the company's website.
What is a proxy statement?
A proxy statement (or "proxy") is a form that every publicly traded U.S. company is required to file with the U.S. Securities & Exchange Commission (SEC) within 120 days after the end of its fiscal year. The proxy must be sent to every shareholder in advance of the company's annual shareholders meeting. All proxy statements are public filings made available to the general public by the SEC.
The proxy statement's main purpose is to alert shareholders to the annual meeting and provide them information about the issues that will be voted on during the annual meeting, including decisions such as electing directors, ratifying the selection of auditors, and other shareholder-related decisions, including shareholder-initiated initiatives. Also, proxies must disclose specific detailed information regarding the pay practices for certain executives.







    





 

 






     

privacy policy
terms of use
about us
contact us

©  Salary.com. All rights reserved.


US Salaries
Canadian Salaries
Purchase a Salary Report
Salaries by Category
Salaries by Income
Salaries by Industry
Popular Salaries
Negotiation Tips
Benefits Calculator
Search Job Openings
Job Openings by State
Job Openings by Category
Education by Career
Education by Level
Education by Major
Cost of Living Calculator
























 


Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















BRKR Juergen Srega Insider Trades for Bruker Corp.


































Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets After Hours



Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Bruker Corp.

                  NASDAQ: BRKR
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Bruker Corp.



After Hours
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 28, 2017, 4:11 p.m.


BRKR

/quotes/zigman/90713/composite


$
28.32




Change

+0.01
+0.05%

Volume
Volume 1,382
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/90713/composite
Today's close

$
			28.29
		


$
				28.31
			
Change

+0.02
+0.07%





Day low
Day high
$28.17
$28.48










52 week low
52 week high

            $19.59
        

            $30.02
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Juergen Srega



Mr. Juergen Srega is Group President-Bruker CALID Segment at Bruker Corp., a Managing Director at B·R·A·H·M·S AG and a Managing Director at Bruker Daltonik GmbH. 
He received his undergraduate degree from Karlsruhe University of Applied Sciences and an undergraduate degree from Nordakademie Gemeinnuetzige AG.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





10/04/2016
12,393


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


08/07/2015
13,875


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


08/08/2014
13,298


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


04/03/2013
21,540


 
Award at $0 per share.


0





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Dr. Frank H. Laukien 
Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer




Mr. Anthony L. Mattacchione 
CFO, Principal Accounting Officer & Senior VP




Dr. Mark Robert Munch 
Executive Vice President




Mr. Juergen  Srega 
Group President-Bruker CALID Segment




Ms. Adelene Q. Perkins 
Director




Mr. Joerg C. Laukien 
Director




Ms. Stacey L. Desrochers 
Treasurer




Dr. Thorsten  Thiel 
Head-Marketing & Public Relations




Mr. Miroslava  Minkova 
Head-Investor Relations




Mr. Richard M. Stein 
Secretary




Dr. Cynthia Y. Friend 
Independent Director




Mr. Richard A. Packer 
Independent Director




Dr. Marc A. Kastner 
Independent Director




Dr. Robert J. Rosenthal 
Independent Director




Mr. John A. Ornell 
Independent Director




Dr. Hermann Fritz Requardt 
Independent Director




Dr. Gilles G. Martin 
Independent Director




Mr. William A. Linton 
Lead Independent Director




Mr. Richard D. Kniss 
Independent Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




5:12 PM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	After


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
5:12pWhat’s really happening with Target’s Cartwheel app
5:00pWall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
4:56pBREAKINGIn a tweet, Trump names Gen. Kelly his new chief of staff
4:56pMattel could get wrecked by weak ‘Cars 3’ toy sales
4:55pThis 1 number sums up why that Foxconn deal is over-the-top bad for Wisconsin
4:51pBREAKINGTrump tweets he's named a new chief of staff, John Kelly
4:42pWall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
4:34pLong-dated Treasury yields see weekly climb 
4:33pS&P 500, Nasdaq finish lower after Amazon disappointment; Dow closes at record
4:32pThe highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart
4:32pHow to raise your kids to be frugal (but not too frugal)
4:31pCities to move to if you want to work in tech — NOT including San Francisco
4:31pWhat Donald Trump’s battle of wills with Jeff Sessions teaches you about a difficult boss
4:31pOne way you’re paying credit-card fees, even if you don’t have a card
4:30pTrump, Russia and Sanctions: What We Know 
4:30pThis is the worst mistake people make at work
4:30pMove over, breathalyzers; ‘textalyzers’ could be used on drivers’ phones 
4:29pJared Kushner’s unorthodox approach to meetings is a cautionary tale for office workers everywhere
4:28pHere’s how much you should spend on a yoga mat 
4:26p5 weird things I found out about America in my first 24 hours 
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,830.31

+33.76
+0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,374.68

-7.51
-0.12%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.10

-3.32
-0.13%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15































































Juergen Srega - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Juergen Srega
President, Bruker CALID Group and Managing Director, Bruker Daltonik GmbH at Bruker Corporation


View Full Profile
Are you Juergen Srega? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Juergen Srega's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Juergen Srega's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Juergen Srega's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Juergen Srega through your network of contacts.
												








Juergen Srega's Executive Work History


Current


President, Bruker CALID Group and Managing Director, Bruker Daltonik GmbH, 
Bruker Corporation


Past
To view Juergen Srega's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
62

 
 


Juergen Srega's Biography



Mr. Srega has served as President of the Bruker CALID Group since January 2013, with responsibility for management of the global operations of our Bruker CALID Group, which manufactures and distributes the Company's mass spectrometry and chromatography instruments for life science and applied markets, as well as analytical instruments for chemical, biological, radiological, nuclear and explosives detection and research and process instruments based on infrared and Raman molecular spectroscopy technologies. Mr. Srega also serves as a Managing Director of Bruker Daltonik GmbH, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company located in German ...
(Read More)

			Mr. Srega has served as President of the Bruker CALID Group since January 2013, with responsibility for management of the global operations of our Bruker CALID Group, which manufactures and distributes the Company's mass spectrometry and chromatography instruments for life science and applied markets, as well as analytical instruments for chemical, biological, radiological, nuclear and explosives detection and research and process instruments based on infrared and Raman molecular spectroscopy technologies. Mr. Srega also serves as a Managing Director of Bruker Daltonik GmbH, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company located in Germany. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Srega served since 1996 in a variety of senior management roles at Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc., a global provider of analytical instruments, equipment, reagents and consumables, software and services for research, analysis, discovery and diagnostics headquartered in Waltham, Massachusetts. At Thermo Fisher Scientific, Mr. Srega led a number of significant operating divisions, including as Vice President and General Manager Biomarkers, BRAHMS GmbH, from 2011 to 2012, Vice President and General Manager Scientific Instruments Division Global Products from 2005 to 2011 and Vice President and General Manager Advanced MS from 1996 to 2004. Prior to 1996, Mr. Srega was with Badenwerk AG, a German power utility company located in Karlsruhe, Germany, from 1988 to 1995 and an employee of Bruker GmbH from 1980 to 1988. Mr. Srega holds a B.A. in Finance from Nord Akademie in Hamburg, Germany and a B.A. in Engineering from Karlsruhe University of Applied Science in Karlsruhe, Germany.
		
Source: Bruker Corporation on 04/17/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Juergen Srega's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Juergen Srega. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Juergen Srega's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Juergen Srega's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Juergen Srega through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Juergen Srega


















Juergen Srega's Connections (27)





Sign up now to view Juergen Srega's 27 connections »









John A. Ornell
Board Member, Bruker Corporation









Mark R. Munch
Executive Vice President and President, Bruker Nano Group and Bruker Nano Inc., Bruker Corporation









Burkhard Prause
Former President, Bruker Energy and Supercon Technologies, Inc., Bruker Corporation









Chris van Ingen
Former Senior Vice President, Agilent Technologies, Inc.









Robert J. Rosenthal
Board Member, Bruker Corporation









Anthony L. Mattacchione
Former Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President and Principal Accounting Officer, Bruker Corporation









Richard D. Kniss
Board Member, Bruker Corporation









Charles F. Wagner
Former Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Bruker Corporation









Hermann F. Requardt
Board Member, Bruker Corporation









William A. Linton
Lead Independent Director, Bruker Corporation








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993























Juergen Srega - Info zur Person mit Bilder, News & Links - Personensuche Yasni.de



















Bitte geben Sie mindestens 2 Zeichen zur Suche ein.






















yasni
&REG;

Personensuche





Hilfe
Produkte




+
Exposé schalten



Yasni Login


Login


DE


















Mehr Suchergebnisse aus Weltweit auf www.yasni.com!







Suche läuft...







Deutschland



Person suchen





Monitoring
Monitoring

 





 


Juergen Srega Person-Info ( Ich bin Juergen Srega)

Es sind neue Ergebnisse zum Namen verfügbar. Hier klicken, um diese anzuzeigen >































 



DirectorCALIDThermo Fisher ScientificBRKRBruker CorporationVice PresidentCompanySabine BeckerBrainMet CentreInsider













1
0
0




	
	
	Netzwerk-Profile
	 






	
	
	
	
		
	 Sabine Becker BrainMet Competence Centre at Forschungszentrum Jülich...
www.mass-spec-capital.com
Mass-Spec-Capital.com - The Mass Spectrometry Web Portal Mass Spectrometry News People Deals Products Organisations









	
	
	
	
		
	 Juergen Srega - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts -...
people.equilar.com
View Juergen Srega, President, Bruker CALID Group and Managing Director, Bruker Daltonik GmbH at Bruker, Billerica, MA, executive profile on Equilar Atlas to...








	
	
	Interessen
	 






	
	
	
	
		
	 Officer Profile | Quotes | Reuters.co.in
in.reuters.com
See Officers & Directors at Reuters Money









	
	
	
	
		
	 Bruker Corp (BRKR.O)  People | Reuters.com
www.reuters.com
Connect to the most current information on stocks and bonds on Reuters.com.  Finance and investing news on NYSE, Dow Jones, S&P, and Nasdaq at Reuters.com.








	
	
	Telefonnummern, Adressen & Branchenkontakte
	 





Sonstiges Geschäft Juergen Srega: Anthony,





Bruker,





CALID,





Daltonics,





Division,





Financial,





Management,





Mattacchione,





Medical,





President,





Senior







	
	
	Management & Beteiligungen
	 






	
	
	
	
		
	 Juergen Srega - MarketVisual Knowledge Map
www.marketvisual.com
New Search: Juergen Srega. Juergen Srega ... Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc, 1. University of Applied ... MANAGING DIRECTOR at Bruker Daltonik Gmbh. located From: ... From: 2-2015. GENERAL MANAGER at Fisher Scientific International Inc.









	
	
	
	
		
	 Juergen Srega | Bruker Energy & Supercon Technologies, Inc | Email,...
app.lead411.com
Juergen Srega is the Pres Calid Group  of Bruker Energy & Supercon Technologies, Inc. Lead411's profile includes an email address, @bruker-est.com, linkedin,...








	
	
	Business-Profile
	 






	
	
	
	
		
	 Juergen Srega | Bruker BioSciences Corporation | ZoomInfo.com
www.zoominfo.com
View Juergen Srega's business profile as Group President Bruker CALID at Bruker BioSciences Corporation and see work history, affiliations and more.









	
	
	News



(1 - 4 von 5

–alle anzeigen

)








	
	
	
	
		
	 Thermo Fisher Scientific und BrainMet Centre kooperieren in der ...
www.bionity.com
27.04.2010 Sabine Becker geleitete BrainMet Kompetenzzentrum wurde im Dezember 2009 in Zusammenarbeit mit Thermo Fisher Scientific von Juergen Srega (Vice President Global Products, Scientific Instruments, Thermo Fisher ...









	
	
	
	
		
	 Thermo Fisher Collaborates With BrainMet Centre For Dementia Research...
diagnosticimaging.medicaldevices-business-review.com
The BrainMet Centre has been officially opened in collaboration with Thermo Fisher by Juergen Srega, ...









	
	
	
	
		
	 Liste: Bruker Optik Newsletter - Mailing: Einladung Fortbildungskurse...
web.inxmail.com
Tel. +49 (7243) 504 2000. Fax +49 (7243) 504 2050. Email info@brukeroptics.de. Geschäftsführer Urban Faeh Dr. Arno Simon Juergen Srega.









	
	
	
	
		
	 Read-out Instrumentation Signpost: Collaboration on dementia research
instsignpost.blogspot.de
BrainMet Centre, Dr. habil. J. Sabine Becker, head of the Analytical BrainMet Centre and Juergen Srega, vice president global products,








	
	
	Ausbildung
	 






	
	
	
	
		
	 Bruker Corp. - Investors - Corporate Governance - Officers &...
ir.bruker.com
At Thermo Fisher Scientific, Mr. Srega led a number of significant operating ... Germany, from 1988 to 1995 and an employee of Bruker GmbH from 1980 to 1988.








	
	
	Dokumente zum Namen
	 






	
	
	
	
		
	 SEC Info - Srega Juergen - ‘3’ for 2/11/13 re: Bruker Corp - EX-24
www.secinfo.com
Srega Juergen - ‘3’ for 2/11/13 re: Bruker Corp - EX-24 - Initial Statement of Beneficial Ownership of Securities - Seq. 2 - Power of Attorney - Accession...









	
	
	
	
		
	 Scope:
sjsupport.thermofinnigan.com
Bremen (Advanced Instruments): Manfred Mueller (Juergen Srega) Escalation Policy: There are three situations that require attention and intervention by the service manager.








	
	
	Artikel & Meinungen
	 






	
	
	
	
		
	 Business and Financial News - CNN Money
markets.money.cnn.com
View the latest top stories from CNN Money Visit CNNMoney.com for daily and breaking news from the world of business.









	
	
	Sonstiges



(1 - 20 von 31

–alle anzeigen

)








	
	
	
	
		
	 Bruker Corporation: NASDAQ:BRKR quotes & news – Google Finance
www.google.ca
Juergen Srega, President of Bruker CALID Group. Age: 59. Bio & Compensation - Reuters. Anthony L. Mattacchione, Senior Vice President - Corporate Finance ...









	
	
	
	
		
	 Summary of BRUKER CORP - Yahoo! Finance
biz.yahoo.com
... of Bruker Corporation (the "Company") approved one-time cash incentive awards to Juergen Srega, President, Bruker CALID Group and one ...









	
	
	
	
		
	 Juergen Srega - Bruker Corporation Insider | BRKR
www.macroaxis.com
Insider profile, background and performance of Juergen Srega and Bruker and ... Manager Biomarkers BRAHMS GmbH from 2011 to 2012 Vice President and ...









	
	
	
	
		
	 Compensation Information for Juergen  Srega , President, Bruker CALID...
www1.salary.com
Salary, bonuses, stock options, stock awards and other compensation for Juergen  Srega , President, Bruker CALID Group at BRUKER CORP. How much did Juergen...









	
	
	
	
		
	 Juergen Srega - Insider Monkey
www.insidermonkey.com
Juergen Srega









	
	
	
	
		
	 BRKR Juergen Srega Insider Trades for Bruker Corp.
www.marketwatch.com
Mr. Juergen Srega is a Managing Director at B·R·A·H·M·S AG and Group President-Bruker CALID Segment at Bruker Corp.









	
	
	
	
		
	 Bruker Corp | Srega Juergen
www.trivano.com
insider bij Bruker Corp (BRKR). Hier krijgt u een overzicht van de insider trading aankopen en verkopen van deze insider.









	
	
	
	
		
	 mass-spec-capital.com - [MSC] Mass-Spec-Capital.com - The Mass...
www.znwhs.net
Yahoo Indexed : Link. Yahoo Backlink : Link. Alexa Information Mass-spec- capital.com click to details. Rank : 3952520. High Search Queries : 1. juergen srega.









	
	
	
	
		
	 Thermo Fisher Scientific und Brainmet Centre kooperieren
www.laborpraxis.vogel.de
Sabine Becker, Leiterin des Brainmet-Kompetenzzentrums und Juergen Srega, Vice President Global Products, Scientific Instruments, Thermo Fisher Scientific.









	
	
	
	
		
	 www.mass-spec-capital.com - Mass-spec-capital - [MSC]...
www.dmninf.net
1. juergen srega; 2. juergen srega linkedin; 3. asms 2013; 4. asms; 5. pittcon 2013; 6. asms 2014; 7. juergen srega bruker; 8. chuck kummeth; 9. murray thermo ...









	
	
	
	
		
	 BRUKER CORP - BRKR Proxy Statement (definitive) (DEF 14A) SECURITY...
sec.edgar-online.com
Juergen Srega(6) .... At Thermo Fisher Scientific, Mr. Srega led a number of significant operating ... as Vice President and General Manager Biomarkers, BRAHMS GmbH, ... Mr. Juergen Srega, President, Bruker CALID Group.









	
	
	
	
		
	 BRUKER CORP - FORM 10-K - February 27, 2015
www.getfilings.com
BRUKER CORP - FORM 10-K - February 27, 2015









	
	
	
	
		
	 Bruker Corp. - Investors - Corporate Governance - Officers & Directors
ir.bruker.com
Juergen Srega , , , President, CALID Group ... At Thermo Fisher Scientific, Mr. Srega led a number of significant operating divisions, including as ... GmbH, from 2011 to 2012, Vice President and General Manager Scientific Instruments Division ...









	
	
	
	
		
	 Bruker Corp : BRKR Stock Price Quote at TradeKing
research.tradeking.com
Group President-Bruker CALID Segment, Juergen Srega. Company Highlights. Price Open, $20.75. Previous Close, $20.69. 52 Week Range, $15.41 - 24.40.









	
	
	
	
		
	 schedule 14a - SEC
www.sec.gov
At Thermo Fisher Scientific, Mr. Srega led a number of significant operating divisions, ... Mr. Juergen Srega, President, Bruker CALID Group.









	
	
	
	
		
	 Bruker Corp, BRKR:NSQ directors and dealings - FT.com
markets.ft.com
Mr. Juergen Srega is President of Bruker CALID Group of Bruker Corp. In this position Mr. Srega is responsible for management of the global operations of the ...









	
	
	
	
		
	 BRUKER CORP - FORM 8-K - November 17, 2014
www.getfilings.com
BRUKER CORP - FORM 8-K - November 17, 2014









	
	
	
	
		
	 Über Bruker Corporation (BRKR) - Investing.com
de.investing.com
Diese Seite bietet ein detailliertes Profil von Bruker Corporation, inklusive einer Übersicht über das Unternehmen und dem Management.









	
	
	
	
		
	 BRKR Frank H. Laukien Insider Trades for Bruker Corp.
www.marketwatch.com
Dr. Frank H. Laukien Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Charles F. Wagner Chief Financial Officer & EVP-Administration. Mr. Juergen Srega









	
	
	
	
		
	 Bruker BioSciences (BRKR) - Wikinvest
www.wikinvest.com
Juergen Srega. Mr. Srega joined the Company as President, Bruker CALID Group in January 2013. In this position Mr. Srega is responsible for management of ...







Juergen Srega vermisst melden
Vermisste finden
Zensierte Namen in Deutschland
«‹12›»












Verwandte Suchanfragen zu Juergen Srega



Sabine BeckerMeike HamesterClaudia Göttlicher

Personen
Vorname "Juergen" (14417)
Name "Srega" (4)




						sortiert nach Relevanz / Datum

Erweiterte Suche


Dossier exportieren








					Person-Suchen:  ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ
































ImpressumAGBDatenschutz




n
a
iin
PLATINUMMEMBER





TWEET
LIKE

        +1
        












Stichworte

z.B. Telefon, Hobby, Eigenschaft...




Wer?

Vorname


Nachname


Geburtsname




Wo?

Ort


Firma




Suchtyp

Suchtyp
Automatisch
Personen zu Sucheingabe finden
Hintergrundrecherche zum Namen





Suchen




WeltweitBrasilienDänemarkFinnlandFrankreichItalienKanadaNiederlandeÖsterreichPolenRusslandSchwedenSchweizSpanienUK


















	Bruker Corp. - Investors - Corporate Governance - Officers & Directors














































Innovation with Integrity 





Language


English


German


French


Spanish


Russian


Chinese (Simplified)




Login


Store






















 
 
 


Industries



Life Sciences
Proteomics
Metabolomics
In-vivo imaging
Structural Biology



Pharmaceutical
Drug Discovery &
                                    Development

Drug
                                        Production

Quality
                                        Assurance


Chemical
Energy, Fuels & Oil
Chemical education
Analytical chemistry

Polymers & Plastics


Metals
Metal Processing
Welding Industry
Metals and Automotive
Aluminum Production


Material Science
Material Research

Mining & Minerals

Automotive and
                                    Aerospace
Semiconductors &
                                    Microelectronics


Clinical research
Preclinical Imaging
Forensics

Medical
                                        Devices

Toxicology



Food & Agriculture
Food Quality
Food Safety
Animal Feed
Agriculture


Surface Measurement
Surface Imaging

Surface
                                    Roughness
Film Thickness
Tribology
                                    Testing
Chemical
                                    Characterization of Surfaces


Environmental
Art and
                                    Conservation
Pesticide Screening

Waste Management
Environmental
                                    research


Quality & Process Control
Cement
                                    and Raw Materials
Paper and Pulp Analysis

Textile /
                                    Fibre Industry
Process
                                    Control
Glass and
                                    Coatings


Homeland Security
Military

Emergency
                                    Services

Transport


Critical
                                        Infrastructure
Industry



Microbiology
Clinical
Veterinary
Water Testing
Food & Beverage
Pharmaceutical


Preclinical Imaging
Cancer research

Infectious
                                    diseases
Cardiology





Products



Mass Spectrometry and
                                    Separations

MALDI-TOF/TOF

MALDI
                                    Biotyper
ESI-QqTOF


ESI-ITMS

ESI-triple
                                    quad-MS

UHPLC
                                        and nanoLC for LC/MS
AP Ion
                                    Sources
GC-MS
                                    (single & triple quad)
GC Systems


ESIMALDI-FTMS

ICP-MS
Software


Infrared, Near
                                    Infrared and Raman Spectroscopy
FT-NIR
                                    Spectrometers

FT-IR
                                        Routine Spectrometers

FT-IR
                                        Research Spectrometers

FT-IR
                                        Microscopes, Raman Microscopes

FT-IR/NIR
                                        for Process

Raman


Remote
                                        Sensing

Terahertz


OPUS
                                        - Software


X-ray Diffraction
                                    and Elemental Analysis
X-ray
                                    Diffraction

Single
                                        Crystal X-ray Diffraction
X-ray
                                    Micro-CT
X-ray
                                    Fluorescence
Handheld
                                    XRF
Micro-XRF
                                    and TXRF
X-ray
                                    Metrology

EDS,
                                        WDS, EBSD, SEM Micro-XRF and SEM Micro-CT

Optical
                                        Emission Spectrometry
CS/ONH-Analysis



Magnetic Resonance
NMR
EPR
Preclinical MRI
NMR Microscopy
Compact MR
TD-NMR


Surface Analysis
Atomic Force
                                    Microscopy
3D Optical
                                    Microscopy
Stylus Profilometry

Fluorescence
                                    Optical Microscopy
Tribology
                                    and Mechanical Testing


CBRNE Detection
IMS
MS
FT-IR
ELISA
Radiological
                                    Detection


Preclinical Imaging
MR Imaging
Optical/X-ray
                                    imaging
PET/ SPECT/
                                    CT
X-ray micro-CT
MPI


Electroluminescence
HB-LED
                                    Eptixial Inspection


Superconductors
                                    and Metal Composite Materials
Cuponal


Superconductors






Service



Information & Communication

Helpdesk
User Manuals
Terms and
                                    Conditions


Support & Upgrades
Software Downloads

Service Agreements

Analytical Services


Consumables & Spares
NMR eStore

CARE Online
AFM
                                    Probes Store


Education & Training
Training Courses
Webinars


Service Units
NMR
IR,NIR & Raman
X-ray
                                    Diffraction and Elemental Analysis
AFM,
                                    Optical, Stylus, Mechanical Testers
Mass Spectrometry
MRI





News
Events
About us



Who we are


Investors


Career


Community


Register


Offices














 




Twitter 
LinkedIN













Bruker Investor Relations


HomeHome•Investors•Corporate Governance•Officers & Directors









Investor Tool Kit

Print Page
Email Alerts













Corporate Governance






Bruker Corporation Directors
Bruker Corporation Management

Bruker Corporation Directors
Bruker Corporation Management






Frank H. Laukien
,

, Ph.D.
,

, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Bruker Corporation




Dr. Frank H. Laukien has been the Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company since February 1991 and is the Company's largest shareholder. Dr. Laukien also serves as a director of various subsidiaries of the Company. Dr. Laukien is the brother of Joerg C. Laukien, a director of the Company. Dr. Laukien served as a director of ALDA (Analytical, Life Science & Diagnostics Association), an industry association formerly known as Analytical & Life Sciences Systems Association, or ALSSA, for several terms in the past, and was ALSSA Chairman from 2002 to 2003. Dr. Laukien holds a B.S. degree in physics from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, as well as a Ph.D. in chemical physics from Harvard University. Dr. Laukien was a member of the Dean's Advisory Committee of the MIT School of Science until 2014, and served as a Trustee of the Rivers School in Weston, Massachusetts until mid-2013. As the Company's largest shareholder and based on his long history of leading the profitable growth of the Company, Dr. Laukien brings to the board the perspective of a significant stakeholder with an in-depth knowledge of all aspects of the Company's operations. He also provides extensive executive experience in organizational management, strategic planning, finance, global business development and life-science tools markets, as well as the scientific and technical background required for a deep understanding of the Company's key technologies, markets and industry dynamics.






Cynthia M.  Friend
,

, Ph. D.
,






Dr. Friend currently serves as Director of the Rowland Institute at Harvard University, a non-profit organization whose goal is to support the high risk/high reward research of early career scientists. In 2014, she became Director of the Energy Frontier Research Center for Sustainable Catalysis at Harvard University, a Department of Energy-funded multi-institution effort focused on the design of efficient catalytic processes, where her responsibilities include management of the fiscal health of the Center and strategic scientific planning. Dr. Friend became the Theodore Williams Richards Professor of Chemistry in 1998 and a Professor of Materials Science in 2002 at Harvard University. Since joining the Harvard University Department of Chemistry in 1982, Dr. Friend has served in a variety of senior faculty and leadership rules at Harvard, including member of the Advisory Board to the Dean of Faculty of Arts and Sciences from 1999 to 2012, Associate Director of the Harvard Materials Research Science and Engineering Center from 2001 to 2011 and Chair of the Harvard University Department of Chemistry and Chemical Biology from 2004 to 2007. Dr. Friend has received numerous awards for her scientific research and scholarship and has served on a number of research and scientific advisory boards and panels. Dr. Friend holds a Ph.D. in Chemistry from the University of California, Berkeley. Dr. Friend brings to the board extensive technical expertise and significant experience in the investment strategy and infrastructure of academic as well as government research markets. Further, Dr. Friend has substantial management experience in non-profit scientific institutions and brings to the board valuable insight into science policy and scientific research funding priorities.






Marc A. Kastner
,

, Ph.D.
,






Dr. Kastner currently serves as President of the Science Philanthropy Alliance, a non-profit organization whose goal is to increase private funding for fundamental research, a position he has held since March 2015. In January 2016 he became Donner Professor of Science Emeritus at Massachusetts Institute of Technology ("MIT"), having held the Donner Chair since 1989. After joining the MIT Department of Physics in 1973, Dr. Kastner served in a variety of senior faculty and leadership roles at MIT, including as Dean of the MIT School of Science from July 2007 to December 2014, Head of the MIT Department of Physics from 1998 to 2007, Director of MIT's Center for Materials Science and Engineering from 1993 to 1998 and as Associate Director of MIT's Consortium for Superconducting Electronics from 1989 to 1992. Dr. Kastner previously served a term on the Company's board of directors from February 2013 to May 2014. Dr. Kastner has received numerous awards for his scientific research and scholarship and currently serves on a number of research and scientific advisory boards. Dr. Kastner holds a Ph.D. in Physics from the University of Chicago. Dr. Kastner brings to the board significant expertise in recent and emerging scientific, technological and research funding trends, as well as in academic and government research markets, from which the Company derives approximately half of its revenues. Moreover, Dr. Kastner has extensive organizational and management experience in non-profit institutions and insights into U.S. government research management and priorities. 
Dr. Kastner serves on the Company's Nominating Committee.






Richard D. Kniss
,


,






Mr. Kniss joined the Company's board of directors in July 2003 in connection with the merger of Bruker Daltonics and Bruker AXS, having served on the Bruker AXS board of directors since June 2001. Mr. Kniss was Senior Vice President and General Manager for Agilent Technologies, Chemical Analysis Group, a producer of gas and liquid chromatographs, mass spectrometers and spectrophotometers, from August 1999 until March 2001. Prior to the spin-off of Agilent from the Hewlett Packard Company, from 1995 to 1999, Mr. Kniss was Vice President and General Manager of the Chemical Analysis Group for Hewlett Packard. From 2004 to 2008, Mr. Kniss served as chairman of the board of directors of AviaraDx, Inc. (formerly Arcturus Bioscience, Inc.), a life-science tools company acquired by BioMerieux. Mr. Kniss holds a B.S. from Brown University and a M.B.A. from Stanford University. Mr. Kniss has a strong executive background in the life sciences and analytical instruments industries, as well as experience in corporate governance and public company executive compensation matters. 
Mr. Kniss is the chairman of the Company's Compensation Committee.






Joerg C. Laukien
,


,






Mr. Joerg Laukien has served as Executive Chairman of Bruker BioSpin Corporation since 2010. Until December 2013, Joerg Laukien was a Managing Director of Bruker BioSpin MRI GmbH since 1997 and a Managing Director of Bruker Elektronik GmbH from 1991 until its merger with Bruker BioSpin GmbH in 2010, as a director and President of Bruker BioSpin MRI, Inc. from 1997 to 2010 and as a director of Bruker Energy & Supercon Technologies, Inc. from 2008 through March 2013. Joerg Laukien is the brother of Dr. Frank H. Laukien, the Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company. Joerg Laukien serves as a member of the regional advisory council of Deutsche Bank AG in Germany. He holds a B.A. from the Verwaltungs- und Wirtschafts-Akademie in Karlsruhe, Germany. Joerg Laukien brings extensive executive experience within the Company to the Board, as well as experience in financial and strategic planning.






William A. Linton
,


,






Dr. Linton serves as the lead director of our board of directors. He was appointed lead director in March 2004 by the independent members of the board of directors. As lead director, Dr. Linton performs the usual responsibilities of a lead director including acting as a liaison between management and the board of directors. Since 1978, Dr. Linton has served as the Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Promega Corporation, Madison, Wisconsin, a privately-held life science supply company founded by Dr. Linton. Dr. Linton received a B.S. degree from University of California, Berkeley in 1970 and honorary doctorate degrees from Hannam University (Korea) in 2004 and the University of Wisconsin Madison in 2015. Dr. Linton is a director of ALDA (Analytical, Life Science & Diagnostics Association), a director of Heffter Research Institute (a non-profit research institute), a member of the Supervisory Board of Eppendorf AG, Hamburg (a private life sciences company), founder and Executive Director of Usona Institute (a non-profit medical research organization) and President of the BioPharmaceutical Technology Center Institute (a non-profit organization). Dr. Linton brings to the board extensive executive, international operations management and technical expertise in the life sciences industry, as well as significant experience in strategic planning, corporate governance, and executive compensation matters.

Mr. Linton serves on the Company’s Nominating Committee. 






Gilles  J. Martin
,

, Ph. D.
,






Dr. Martin is Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Eurofins Scientific Group, a Luxembourg-based international life sciences company with approximately 20,000 employees in laboratories located in 37 countries. The Eurofins Scientific Group provides a range of analytical testing services to clients across multiple industries. Dr. Martin is also a director of Eurofins Scientific SE, Analytical Bioventures SCA and certain of their affiliates. Dr. Martin founded the original Eurofins Scientific Nantes food authenticity laboratory in 1988 and is a past President of the French Association of private analytical laboratories, or APROLAB, and the North American Technical Committee for Juice and Juice Products. Dr. Martin holds a Ph.D. in Statistics and Applied Mathematics from Ecole Centrale, Paris, and a Master of Science from Syracuse University. As Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Eurofins Scientific, the largest group of independent food testing laboratories in the world, Dr. Martin is and has been involved throughout his career with many generations of analytical instruments and their suppliers. Dr. Martin brings extensive international business and management experience in the life-science and analytical testing industries to the board, including specialized expertise in the environmental testing, food safety analysis, pharmaceutical research and clinical markets. Dr. Martin also brings an entrepreneurial perspective to the board.






John   Ornell
,


,






Mr. Ornell is retired from Waters Corporation, where he served as Vice President, Finance and Administration and Chief Financial Officer from 2001 to 2013. During his time at Waters, he was also responsible for information technology, investor relations and the TA Instruments Division. Mr. Ornell joined Waters in 1994 and served there in a variety of operational and financial leadership roles before assuming the position of Waters' Chief Financial Officer. During 2014, Mr. Ornell continued to serve Waters on a parttime, transitional basis. Prior to joining Waters, Mr. Ornell progressed through a series of roles of increasing responsibility at a number of multinational corporations, primarily in operational finance functions. Mr. Ornell holds a Master of Business Administration degree from Southern New Hampshire University. Mr. Ornell brings to the board a depth of knowledge in the life sciences and analytical instruments industry, as well as a global perspective with significant experience managing the operational, strategic and financial matters of life sciences companies. 
Mr. Ornell serves as Chair of the Company's Audit Committee.






Richard A. Packer
,


,






Mr. Packer is a Primary Executive Officer of Asahi Kasei Corporation and co-leader of Asahi Kasei's healthcare business unit. Mr. Packer also serves as the non-executive Chairman of ZOLL Medical Corporation, a manufacturer of resuscitation devices and related software solutions that was publicly traded until it was acquired by Asahi Kasei Corporation in April 2012. From November 1999 to April 2016, Mr. Packer was the Chief Executive Officer and a director of ZOLL. He served as Chairman of ZOLL from 1999 until November 2010. From 1996 until his appointment as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer in 1999, Mr. Packer served as ZOLL's President, Chief Operating Officer and director. From 1992 to 1996, he served as Vice President of Operations of ZOLL and also served as Chief Financial Officer and Head of North American Sales of ZOLL from 1995 to 1996. Prior to joining ZOLL, Mr. Packer served for five years as Vice President of various functions for Whistler Corporation, a consumer electronics company. Before joining Whistler in 1987, Mr. Packer was a manager with the consulting firm of PRTM/KPMG, specializing in operations of high technology companies. Mr. Packer is the past Chairperson of MassMEDIC, the industry council for Medical Devices in Massachusetts. He currently serves as a board member of the Medical Device Manufacturers Association and the ZOLL Foundation. Mr. Packer holds a M.B.A. from the Harvard Business School, as well as B.S. and M. Eng. degrees from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute. Mr. Packer has extensive financial, operations and management experience in the medical devices industry. He also brings to the board significant experience in corporate governance, strategic planning and public company compensation matters. 

Mr. Packer serves on the Company's Audit Committee and Compensation Committee and is the chairman of the Company's Nominating Committee.






Adelene Q. Perkins
,


,






Ms. Perkins currently serves as Chief Executive Officer of Infinity Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a publicly traded clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company, a position she has held since January 2010. Ms. Perkins also has served as chair of Infinity Pharmaceuticals, Inc.'s board of directors since November 2012. Within Infinity Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Ms. Perkins served as President and Chief Business Officer from October 2008 through December 2009, and as Executive Vice President and Chief Business Officer from June 2002 to October 2008. Ms. Perkins served from 2000 to 2002 as Vice President of Business and Corporate Development of TransForm Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a privately-held specialty pharmaceutical company. From 1992 to 1999, Ms. Perkins held various positions at Genetics Institute, now a unit of Pfizer. From 1985 to 1992, Ms. Perkins held a variety of positions at Bain & Company, a management consulting firm. Ms. Perkins currently serves on the board of directors of BIO (Biotechnology Industry Organization) and the Massachusetts Biotechnology Council, two biotechnology industry trade organizations, and is the Vice Chairman of the board of Project Hope, a not-for-profit social service agency. She previously served on the board of Padlock Therapeutics, Inc., a privately-held biotechnology company, prior to its acquisition by Bristol-Myers Squibb Company in 2016. Ms. Perkins holds an M.B.A. from the Harvard Business School, as well as a B.S. degree in chemical engineering from Villanova University. Ms. Perkins has more than 30 years of international business and corporate strategy experience and brings to the board a valuable understanding of the pharmaceutical and life sciences industries, as well as significant experience in various aspects of public company management and governance.






Hermann   Requardt, Ph.D.
,


,






Dr. Requardt currently serves as an independent strategic advisor to a number of European public and private life science and healthcare technology companies. From 2009 to February 2015 he served as Chief Executive Officer of the healthcare division of Munich, Germany-based Siemens AG. He also served as Chief Technology Officer of Siemens AG from 2008 through 2011. Additionally, from 2006 through January 2015 he was a member of the Siemens AG Managing Board, during which time he also held a variety of regional and operational responsibilities at Siemens and its affiliates. Dr. Requardt joined Siemens Medical Solutions in 1984 and served there in roles of increasing responsibility before assuming global responsibility for the magnetic resonance business unit in 1994. Dr. Requardt is an honorary Professor of Physics at the University of Frankfurt and serves on several academic and industrial boards in Germany, including, among other positions, serving as Vice Chairman of Fraunhofer-Gesellschaft, Europe's largest applicationoriented research organization, and as a member of the Executive Board of Acatech, the National Academy of Science and Engineering. He also is a member of the Advisory Board of Dekra SE, headquartered in Stuttgart, Germany, and the Supervisory Board of Sivantos Group, which was Siemens Audiology Solutions prior to its spin-off from Siemens AG in early 2015. Dr. Requardt holds a Ph.D. in Biophysics, with a focus on radiation biophysics and microbiology, from the University of Frankfurt. In addition to his global and technical industry expertise, Dr. Requardt brings to the board significant experience in the management and strategic planning of life sciences companies. 
Dr. Requardt serves on the Company's Compensation Committee.






Robert Rosenthal
,

, Ph.D.
,






Dr. Rosenthal currently serves as Chief Executive Officer of Taconic Biosciences, Inc., a privately-held provider of research models for the pharmaceutical and biotech industry, a position he has held since joining Taconic Biosciences in June 2014. Dr. Rosenthal also serves as a director of Taconic Biosciences. Dr. Rosenthal previously served since 1995 in a variety of senior management positions with companies involved in the development of diagnostics, therapeutics, medical devices, and life sciences tools, most recently including from 2010 through 2012 as President and Chief Executive Officer of IMI Intelligent Medical Implants, AG, a medical technology company, and from 2005 through 2009 as President and Chief Executive Officer of Magellan Biosciences, Inc., a provider of clinical diagnostics and life sciences research tools. Dr. Rosenthal has served since 2007 as a director of Safeguard Scientifics, Inc., a publicly-traded provider of capital for early- and growth-stage companies, and as Chairman of the Board of Directors since May 2016. He also currently serves as a director of Galvanic Applied Sciences, Inc., a privately-held Canadian company. Earlier in his career, Dr. Rosenthal served in senior management positions at Perkin Elmer Inc. and Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc. Dr. Rosenthal holds a Ph. D. from Emory University and a Master of Science degree from the State University of New York. Dr. Rosenthal brings to the board an extensive understanding of corporate governance due to his public company board experience as well as an entrepreneurial perspective due to his success as an entrepreneur. 
Dr. Rosenthal serves on the Company's Audit Committee.












Frank H. Laukien
,

, Ph.D.
,

, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Bruker Corporation




Frank Laukien is the Chairman, President and CEO of Bruker Corporation and he is also President of Bruker Daltonics. Dr. Laukien holds a B.Sc. in physics from MIT, and a Ph.D. in chemical physics from Harvard University. Throughout his 20 year business career, he has taken numerous courses and done extensive reading in business, innovation and R&D management, accounting and corporate finance as well as in business, corporate and IP law. He has been a part-time professor at the Swammerdam Institute for Life Sciences (SILS) of the University of Amsterdam, and in 2002-03 served as Chairman of the Analytical & Life Science Systems Association. He is a Trustee of the Rivers School in Weston, MA.






Anthony L.  Mattacchione
,


,

, Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer




Mr. Mattacchione has served as the Company’s Senior Vice President
and Chief Financial Officer since February 2016. Mr. Mattacchione served as the Company’s Interim
Chief Financial Officer from June 2015 until his appointment as Chief Financial Officer.
Mr. Mattacchione joined the Company as Senior Vice President, Corporate Finance and Accounting in
February 2013, with responsibility for the Company’s global finance and accounting functions, including
financial planning and analysis, corporate accounting, treasury, tax, shared financial services, internal
controls and audit and global ERP business processes. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Mattacchione
served as Chief Financial Officer of EMD Millipore Corporation, a subsidiary of Merck KGaA, and as
Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer of Millipore Corporation from April 2006
until his appointment as Chief Financial Officer of EMD Millipore following the acquisition of
Millipore by Merck KGaA. From 1990 to April 2006, Mr. Mattacchione served in various financial
roles at Gerber Scientific, Inc., including as Treasurer, Corporate Controller and Chief Accounting
Officer. Mr. Mattacchione was a senior auditor at Price Waterhouse LLP from 1988 to 1990.
Mr. Mattacchione is a Certified Public Accountant in the State of Connecticut and holds a M.B.A. in
finance from the University of Connecticut and a B.S. in accounting from Central Connecticut State
University.






Mark R. Munch
,

, Ph.D.
,

, President of NANO Group




Dr. Munch has served since September 2012 as President, Bruker Nano Group, with responsibility for management of the global operations of our Bruker Nano Group, which manufactures and distributes the Company’s advanced analytical X-ray technologies and spark-optical emission spectroscopy, atomic force microscopy and stylus and optical metrology instrumentation used in non-destructive molecular, materials and elemental analysis. Dr. Munch has also served as President of Bruker Nano, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, since October 2010. Prior to joining Bruker Nano, Inc., from February 2008 to October 2010 Dr. Munch was Executive Vice President of Veeco Instruments Inc. Dr. Munch has also served as a Senior Vice President of Coherent, Inc. from February 2006 to January 2008 and as President and Chief Executive Officer of Cooligy, Inc., a subsidiary of Emerson Electric, from 2004 to 2006. Dr. Munch’s background includes over 23 years of experience in marketing, product development, operations and sales, as well as experience in managing significant business units of multi-national corporations. Dr. Munch holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Chemical Engineering from the University of Colorado and a Master of Science degree and Ph.D. in Chemical Engineering from Stanford University.






Juergen Srega
,


,

, President, CALID Group




Mr. Srega joined the Company as President, Bruker CALID Group in January 2013. In this position Mr. Srega is responsible for management of the global operations of our Bruker CALID Group, which manufactures and distributes the Company’s mass spectrometry and chromatography instruments for life science and applied markets, as well as analytical instruments for chemical, biological, radiological, nuclear and explosives detection and research and process instruments based on infrared and Raman molecular spectroscopy technologies. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Srega served since 1996 in a variety of senior management roles at Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc., a global provider of analytical instruments, equipment, reagents and consumables, software and services for research, analysis, discovery and diagnostics headquartered in Waltham, Massachusetts. At Thermo Fisher Scientific, Mr. Srega led a number of significant operating divisions, including as Vice President and General Manager Biomarkers, BRAHMS GmbH, from 2011 to 2012, Vice President and General Manager Scientific Instruments Division Global Products from 2005 to 2011 and Vice President and  General Manager Advanced MS from 1996 to 2004. Prior to 1996, Mr. Srega was with Badenwerk AG, a German power utility company located in Karlsruhe, Germany, from 1988 to 1995 and an employee of Bruker GmbH from 1980 to 1988. Mr. Srega holds a B.A. in Finance from Nord Akademie in Hamburg, Germany and a B.A. in Engineering from Karlsruhe University of Applied Sciences in Karlsruhe, Germany.










In Memoriam


The Company was deeply saddened to learn of Mr. Chris van Ingen’s passing on June 27, 2017. Mr. van Ingen served on the Company’s Board from 2012 to June 2017, and as a director of Bruker Energy & Supercon Technologies, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, from 2009 to 2013. The Company’s Board and management are extremely grateful for Mr. van Ingen’s guidance and leadership over the years and extend their deepest condolences to his family.
Chris van Ingen served as an advisor to various life sciences and analytical technology companies since 2007, including Bruker and certain of its subsidiaries from 2008 until 2011. Mr. van Ingen also served as a director of Bruker Energy & Supercon Technologies, Inc. from 2009 through March 2013, including as chairman of the board of directors and member of the Compensation Committee from 2010 to March 2013. From 2001 until October 2007, he was President of the Life Sciences and Chemical Analysis Group at Agilent Technologies, Inc. Prior to joining Agilent, Mr. van Ingen was Vice President of Sales and Marketing at Hewlett Packard's Chemical Analysis Group and held other senior management positions at Hewlett Packard's Avondale Division and Netherlands Country Operation. Mr. van Ingen also served on the board of directors of Trinean N.V., a privately-held life sciences instrumentation company based in Belgium and on the board of directors of Lifeonics Limited, a privately-held life sciences company based in New Zealand. Mr. van Ingen previously served as chairman of the board of directors and as a member of Audit Committee of Accelrys, Inc. from 2010 to 2014 and served on the board of directors and Compensation Committee of Promega Corporation, a privately-held biotechnology company, from 2010 to 2015. He also served on the board of directors and Compensation Committee of ProteinSimple, a privately-held life sciences company, from March 2014 until July 2014. Mr. van Ingen held a B.S. degree in analytical chemistry. Mr. van Ingen brought to the board financial, sales and marketing, and general management experience in the analytical and life sciences industries, as well as significant experience in corporate governance, strategic planning and public company compensation matters. Most recently, Mr. van Ingen served on the Company's Audit Committee and Nominating Committee.







BRKR (Common Stock)



NASD:BRKR




Stock Quote: NASD




Price
$28.31


Change
+0.02
(+0.07%)



07/28/17 03:59 PM 
Pricing delayed 20 minutes

Info




Investor Contact



Miroslava Minkova

Head of Investor Relations

Bruker Corporation

P: +1 978 663 3660 x1479
E: investor.relations@bruker.com



Search Investor Relations









Quick Links

Investor FAQs
Bruker Shareholder Toolbox
Latest Quarter
2016 Annual Report








Home
|
Contact
|
Print Page
|
Terms of Use




Follow Us












        © 2017 Bruker Corporation
    




Powered By Q4 Inc. 4.5.0.5

















