    Satish Srinivasan | Rising Pharmaceuticals Inc | ZoomInfo.com

	Satish Srinivasan | Rising Pharmaceuticals




































About Rising

 Overview
History
Management Team
News & Events


Our Products


Customer Resources

 Overview
Webinars


Partner with Rising


Contact Us













Overview
History
Management Team
News & Events



Home / About Rising / Management Team / Satish Srinivasan
Satish SrinivasanPresident & COO With over 20 years of proven experience in the generic pharmaceutical industry handling business development, strategy, corporate management and leadership roles spanning the entire business spectrum from APIs to finished dosage form generics, Satish heads up Rising’s business and operations. He is also a senior management team member of Aceto Corp tasked with driving strategic growth for the Company in the finished pharmaceuticals space. Satish holds a Bachelor of Pharmaceutical Sciences degree from the University of Bombay and a Master of Science degree in Pharmacy Administration from the University of Illinois at Chicago. Prior to joining Rising, Satish was the President and CEO of OrchidPharma, Inc. and Orgenus Pharma, Inc., and has previously held senior management positions at Orchid Chemicals & Pharmaceuticals Ltd.












About Rising
 Overview
History
Management Team
News & Events


Our Products

Customer Resources
 Overview
Webinars


Partner with Rising

Contact Us







Privacy Policy   
            Terms & Conditions   
            Site Map
 
        © 2017 Rising Pharmaceuticals. All rights reserved.
        
    








Satish Srinivasan Profiles | Facebook

FacebookEmail or PhonePasswordForgot account?English (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017






























Satish Srinivasan | Aceto Corporation | Email, Pres/COO Rising Pharmaceuticals, @aceto.com 











































LOGIN

7 DAY FREE TRIAL


























Satish Srinivasan

 Aceto Corporation  Pres/COO Rising Pharmaceuticals


Updated On : 
                    Oct 31, 2016                            

export

















4 Tri Harbor Court Port Washington,

Port Washington, NY 11050


Email format for @aceto.com

Direct Phone: Not Available 









Type:

                    Public                
Employees: 
100 - 249

Revenue:  
100 - 500 Million

Industry:  
                        Services->Sales/Marketing Services                    
SIC Code:  
                         5169  - Chemicals and Allied Products, Nec








 BIOGRAPHY

 
                    Trying to find Satish Srinivasan's email, wiki, phone numbers, twitter, biography, and linkedin data?  You can check out Aceto Corporation's profile on Lead411, where you can also get @aceto.com contact information.  Aceto Corporation is an organization centered in Port Washington, NY, which you can find on Lead411 under the Sales/marketing services category.  Satish Srinivasan is their Pres/COO Rising Pharmaceuticals.  Some possible email formats for Satish Srinivasan are SSrinivasan@aceto.com, Satish.Srinivasan@aceto.com, Satish@aceto.com, and Satish_Srinivasan@aceto.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@aceto.com addresses.            


Similar People:
Satish S - Other
Their VP is Satish S. Their Lead411 profile is categorized under the Financial services industry. If you're checking for Citigroup Inc email addresses, these are also available on Lead411 with the @citigroup.com email addresses and possibly Satish S's email. Citigroup Inc is based in New York, NY. You can also get Satish S's linkedin info, twitter data, phone numbers, wiki and biography on their Lead411 profile. Their contact information is filed under the Financial services category.  Some possible email formats for Satish S are SS@citigroup.com, Satish.S@citigroup.com, Satish@citigroup.com, and Satish_S@citigroup.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@citigroup.com addresses.
Satish S - Operations
Need to know Satish S's email, phone numbers, linkedin profile, wiki, twitter username, and biography?  You can find contact information on Citigroup Inc's Lead411 profile.  Satish S is the Cloud Architect for Citigroup Inc, an organization which has its base in New York, NY.  One can also find Citigroup Inc email addresses on their Lead411 profile with the @citigroup.com url.  Financial services is Citigroup Inc's industry within the Lead411 database.  Some possible email formats for Satish S are SS@citigroup.com, Satish.S@citigroup.com, Satish@citigroup.com, and Satish_S@citigroup.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@citigroup.com addresses.
Satish S - Technology
Satish S is the current Senior Enterprise Programmer Analyst. You can find Satish S's linkedin profile, phone numbers, wiki, twitter, and biography on Medical College of Wisconsin's Lead411 profile, as well as Medical College of Wisconsin email addresses with the @mcw.edu domain format. Satish S's email may or may not be inside the profile.  Medical College of Wisconsin is situated in Wauwatosa, WI. You can find their contact information on Lead411 categorized under Education/training.  Some possible email formats for Satish S are SS@mcw.edu, Satish.S@mcw.edu, Satish@mcw.edu, and Satish_S@mcw.edu. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@mcw.edu addresses.



Similar Employees:
Douglas Roth - Finance
Aceto Corporation's CFO is Douglas Roth. They are based in Port Washington, NY, and you can find their Lead411 profile filed under the Sales/marketing services industry. Douglas Roth's profile contains twitter, phone numbers, linkedin, wiki, and biography information, and you can also find other Aceto Corporation contact information and email addresses on Lead411 with the @aceto.com domain format.  Some possible email formats for Douglas Roth are DRoth@aceto.com, Douglas.Roth@aceto.com, Douglas@aceto.com, and Douglas_Roth@aceto.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@aceto.com addresses.
Salvatore Guccione - Executive
A CEO at Aceto Corporation based in Port Washington, NY, Salvatore Guccione has a comprehensive profile on Lead411. You can find the entry on Aceto Corporation in our Sales/marketing services category. The company CEO is Salvatore Guccione. There are email addresses on their profile and may include Salvatore Guccione' email format too. You can also find other contact information like facebook, phone numbers, biography, wiki, and linkedin for Salvatore Guccione.  Some possible email formats for Salvatore Guccione are SGuccione@aceto.com, Salvatore.Guccione@aceto.com, Salvatore@aceto.com, and Salvatore_Guccione@aceto.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@aceto.com addresses.
Frank Debenedittis - Sales - Marketing
Salvatore Guccione is Aceto Corporation's CEO. Their EVP Corporate Business Development is Frank Debenedittis. Their Lead411 profile is categorized under the Sales/marketing services industry. If you're checking for Aceto Corporation email addresses, these are also available on Lead411 with the @aceto.com email format and possibly Frank Debenedittis's email. Aceto Corporation is based in Port Washington, NY. You can also get Frank Debenedittis's linkedin info, twitter, phone numbers, wiki, and biography on their Lead411 profile. Their contact information is filed under the Sales/marketing services category.  Some possible email formats for Frank Debenedittis are FDebenedittis@aceto.com, Frank.Debenedittis@aceto.com, Frank@aceto.com, and Frank_Debenedittis@aceto.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@aceto.com addresses.

People Directory > Satish Srinivasan




















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













ACETO Names Satish Srinivasan as Rising Pharmaceuticals' President and COO Nasdaq:ACET









































































English
Français











Register
Sign In













ACETO Names Satish Srinivasan as Rising Pharmaceuticals' President and COO




















June 13, 2013 14:00 ET

 | Source: ACETO CORPORATION





PORT WASHINGTON, N.Y., June 13, 2013 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- ACETO Corporation (Nasdaq:ACET), a global leader in the marketing, sale and distribution of products for Human Health, Pharmaceutical Ingredients and Performance Chemicals, today announced that Satish Srinivasan has accepted the position of President and Chief Operating Officer of its Rising Pharmaceuticals subsidiary, effective July 15, 2013.

	Salvatore Guccione, Chief Executive Officer of ACETO, reported, "I am extremely pleased to have generics industry veteran Satish Srinivasan join ACETO in a senior leadership position. I am confident that Satish's talent and experience will allow him to contribute greatly to ACETO, both as the operating leader of Rising Pharmaceuticals, our generic drug business, and as an integral member of ACETO's senior management team. Multiple opportunities exist to expand our generic pharmaceutical business for which Satish, with his significant strategic leadership and overall business skills, will prove to be a valuable asset. He will report directly to me and I anticipate that he will be able to contribute to our ongoing growth from the onset of his joining the company."

	Satish has nearly twenty years of experience in the generic pharmaceutical industry, all with Orchid Chemicals & Pharmaceuticals Ltd ("OCP"). Over the years, he has held various business development, operating and management roles, serving most recently as the President and CEO of Orchid Pharma, Inc. and Orgenus Pharma Inc, the U.S. operating subsidiaries of OCP, a vertically integrated company spanning the entire pharmaceutical value chain from discovery to marketing. 

	Satish holds a Bachelor of Science in Pharmacy from the University of Bombay and a Masters of Science in Pharmacy Administration from the University of Illinois.  He lives in Princeton, New Jersey with his wife and their two daughters.

ABOUT ACETO

	ACETO Corporation, incorporated in 1947, is a global leader in the marketing, sale and distribution of products for Human Health (finished dosage form generics and nutraceutical products), Pharmaceutical Ingredients (pharmaceutical intermediates and active pharmaceutical ingredients) and Performance Chemicals (specialty chemicals and agricultural protection products). With business operations in nine countries, ACETO distributes over 1,100 chemical compounds used principally as finished products or raw materials in the pharmaceutical, nutraceutical, agricultural, coatings and industrial chemical industries.  ACETO's global operations, including a staff of 25 in China and 12 in India, are distinctive in the industry and enable its worldwide sourcing and regulatory capabilities. 

	This news release contains forward-looking statements as that term is defined in the federal securities laws. To the extent any statements made in this news release contain information that is not historical, these statements are essentially forward-looking and as such, are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond the control of the Company, which could cause actual results and outcomes to differ materially from those expressed herein. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth or implied by any forward-looking statement include, but are not limited to, risks and uncertainties discussed in ACETO's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including, but not limited to, ACETO's Annual Report or Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2012 and other filings. Copies of these filings are available at http://www.sec.gov/
blocked::http://www.sec.gov/">www.sec.gov. ACETO undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether from new information, future events or otherwise.
Investor Relations Contact:
Stephanie Carrington
The Ruth Group
(646) 536-7017
scarrington@theruthgroup.com



Related Articles
other press releases by ACETO CORPORATION


ACETO Subsidiary, Rising Pharmaceuticals, Announces Product Launches
July 21, 2017 09:00


ACETO to Present at the Singular Summer Solstice Conference
July 07, 2017 09:00


ACETO Subsidiary, Rising Pharmaceuticals, Launches Chlorthalidone Tablets, 25 mg and 50 mg, and Glipizide Extended Release Tablets, 2.5 mg, 5 mg and 10 mg
June 20, 2017 09:00


ACETO Subsidiary, Rising Pharmaceuticals, Launches Atomoxetine Capsules, 10, 18, 25, 40, 60, 80 & 100 mg
May 31, 2017 10:42


ACETO Reports Fiscal 2017 Third Quarter Results
May 04, 2017 17:00






214



other news releases in

Directors and Officers

in the last 30 days
                            











Profile

ACETO CORPORATION





  Subscribe via RSS
 Subscribe via ATOM
 Javascript



  PORT WASHINGTON, New York, UNITED STATES




Contact Data
Investor Relations Contact:
Stephanie Carrington
The Ruth Group
(646) 536-7017
scarrington@theruthgroup.com

Contact



With a Reader Account, it's easy to send email directly to the contact for this release. Sign up today for your free Reader Account!



Already have an account?  Log in here.











Media Files



ACETO CORPORATION  Logo






LOGO URL | Copy the link below
            





Formats available:






                            Original
                        




                            Medium
                        




                            Small
                        








Tags
PHARMACEUTICALS
MEDICAL
MANAGEMENT CHANGES














Newswire Distribution Network & Management



Home
Newsroom
RSS Feeds
Legal
Contact Us






About Us
GlobeNewswire, a Nasdaq company, is one of the world's largest newswire distribution networks, specializing in the delivery of corporate press releases financial disclosures and multimedia content to the media, investment community, individual investors and the general public.
            




Contact Us


Corporate Headquarters
2321 Rosecrans Avenue.
Suite 2200
El Segundo, CA 90245
Phone: (800) 307-6627
Fax:  (800) 307-3567
            


European Headquarters
Woolgate Exchange,
25 Basinghall Street,
London EC2V 5HA
UK
Phone: +1 866-465-8454




© 2017 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All Rights Reserved.




















SATISH MAHADEVAN SRINIVASAN | Penn State Great Valley




























Skip to main content












Search 



 Penn State Great Valley 


 Campus Directory 


 Penn State (all websites) 


 Penn State Directory 


 Penn State Departments 



 




Search
Menu



PSU HomeHome
PSU HomeHome




Information for:
Prospective Students
International Students
Current Students
Faculty & Staff
Alumni & Friends
Visitors
Conference Planners and Attendees
 












 







 





SATISH MAHADEVAN SRINIVASAN 












Bottom FieldsBio

Assistant Professor of Information Science
	Engineering Division
Main Building, 220 S
	610-725-5327
sus64@psu.edu
Satish M. Srinivasan, assistant professor of information science, received his B.E. in Information Technology from Bharathidasan University, India and M.S. in Industrial Engineering and Management from the Indian Institute of Technology Kharagpur, India. He earned his Ph.D. in Information Technology from the University of Nebraska at Omaha. Prior to joining Penn State Great Valley, he worked as a postdoctoral research associate at University of Nebraska Medical Center, Omaha. Dr. Srinivasan teaches courses related to database design, data mining, data collection and cleaning, computer, network and web securities, and business process management.. His research interests include data aggregation in partially connected networks, fault- tolerance, software engineering, social network analysis, data mining, machine learning, Big Data and predictive analytics and bioinformatics.
Awards
2015–2016 Teaching of Excellence award, Penn State Great Valley School of Graduate Professional Studies, The Pennsylvania State University.
2013 Student and Trainee Travel award for an outstanding commitment to research and the demonstration of excellent and innovation, International Conference on Intelligent Biology and Medicine.
2010 Doctoral Honorary award for Outstanding Ph.D. Student Research, University of Nebraska.
Selected Publications
Negi, Simarjeet, Pandey, Sanjit, Srinivasan, Satish Mahadevan, Mohammed, Akram, and Guda, Chittibabu. “LocSigDB: a database of protein localization signals”. Database (2015) Vol. 2015: article ID bav003; doi:10.1093/database/bav003.
Srinivasan, Satish Mahadevan, and Guda, Chittibabu. “MetaID: A novel method for identification and quantification of metagenomic samples”. BMC Genomics, 14(suppl 8):S4, December 2013.
Srinivasan, Satish Mahadevan,Vural, Suleyman, King, Brian, and Guda, Chittibabu. “Mining for class-specific motifs in protein sequence classification”. BMC Bioinformatics, 14:96, March 15, 2013.
Srinivasan, Satish Mahadevan, and Azadmanesh, Azad. "Survivable Data Aggregation in Multi-Agent Network Systems with Hybrid Faults”. IEEE Transactions on Computers. IEEE computer Society Digital Library. IEEE Computer Society, http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TC.2012.122, 30 May 2012.
Winter, Victor, Perry, James, Siy, Harvey, Srinivasan, Satish Mahadevan, and Mc Coy, James. “The Tyranny of the Vital Few: The Pareto Principle in Language Design”. Journal of Software Engineering and Applications, Vol. 4 No. 3, pp. 146-155, 2011.
Srinivasan, Satish Mahadevan, and Azadmanesh, Azad. “Data Aggregation in Partially Connected Networks”. Journal of Computer Communication, 32(4), 594-601, Mar 2009.
Rahmani, Cobra, Srinivasan, Satish Mahadevan, and Azadmanesh, Azad. “Exploratory failure Analysis of Open Source Software”. IEEE International Conference on Software Technology and Engineering, 2010.
Srinivasan, Satish Mahadevan, and Zand, Mansour. “Managing Variability in Aspect-based Product Lines using use cases”. 11th International Conference on Enterprise Information Systems held in Milan, Italy, on 6-10 May 2009.
Srinivasan, Satish Mahadevan, and Azadmanesh, Azad. “Data Aggregation in Static Adhoc Networks”. IEEE Int’l Conference on Industrial and Information Systems, 9: 1-6, Dec 2008.
Srinivasan, Satish Mahadevan, and Azadmanesh, Azad, “Exploiting Markov Chains to Reach Approximate Agreement in Partially Connected Networks”. Symposium on Performance Evaluation of Computer and Telecommunication Systems, 82-89, July 2007. 
 


 




 








  
 



  

 













 






Connect with us

facebook
twitter
youtube
 



 












30 E. Swedesford Road, Malvern, PA 19355 | 610-648-3200






The Pennsylvania State University © 2017



 

 
 
 







ACETO Names Satish Srinivasan as Rising Pharmaceuticals’ President and COO | COO Forum









































 
Search





















ACETO Names Satish Srinivasan as Rising Pharmaceuticals’ President and COO

Posted on June 24, 2013  by  glowtouch 


PORT WASHINGTON, N.Y., June 13, 2013 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) — ACETO Corporation (Nasdaq:ACET), a global leader in the marketing, sale and distribution of products for Human Health, Pharmaceutical Ingredients and Performance Chemicals, today announced that Satish Srinivasan has accepted the position of President and Chief Operating Officer of its Rising Pharmaceuticals subsidiary, effective July 15, 2013.
Salvatore Guccione, Chief Executive Officer of ACETO, reported, “I am extremely pleased to have generics industry veteran Satish Srinivasan join ACETO in a senior leadership position. I am confident that Satish’s talent and experience will allow him to contribute greatly to ACETO, both as the operating leader of Rising Pharmaceuticals, our generic drug business, and as an integral member of ACETO’s senior management team. Multiple opportunities exist to expand our generic pharmaceutical business for which Satish, with his significant strategic leadership and overall business skills, will prove to be a valuable asset. He will report directly to me and I anticipate that he will be able to contribute to our ongoing growth from the onset of his joining the company.”
Satish has nearly twenty years of experience in the generic pharmaceutical industry, all with Orchid Chemicals & Pharmaceuticals Ltd (“OCP”). Over the years, he has held various business development, operating and management roles, serving most recently as the President and CEO of Orchid Pharma, Inc. and Orgenus Pharma Inc, the U.S. operating subsidiaries of OCP, a vertically integrated company spanning the entire pharmaceutical value chain from discovery to marketing.
Satish holds a Bachelor of Science in Pharmacy from the University of Bombay and a Masters of Science in Pharmacy Administration from the University of Illinois.  He lives in Princeton, New Jersey with his wife and their two daughters.
ABOUT ACETO
ACETO Corporation, incorporated in 1947, is a global leader in the marketing, sale and distribution of products for Human Health (finished dosage form generics and nutraceutical products), Pharmaceutical Ingredients (pharmaceutical intermediates and active pharmaceutical ingredients) and Performance Chemicals (specialty chemicals and agricultural protection products). With business operations in nine countries, ACETO distributes over 1,100 chemical compounds used principally as finished products or raw materials in the pharmaceutical, nutraceutical, agricultural, coatings and industrial chemical industries.  ACETO’s global operations, including a staff of 25 in China and 12 in India, are distinctive in the industry and enable its worldwide sourcing and regulatory capabilities.
This news release contains forward-looking statements as that term is defined in the federal securities laws. To the extent any statements made in this news release contain information that is not historical, these statements are essentially forward-looking and as such, are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond the control of the Company, which could cause actual results and outcomes to differ materially from those expressed herein. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth or implied by any forward-looking statement include, but are not limited to, risks and uncertainties discussed in ACETO’s reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including, but not limited to, ACETO’s Annual Report or Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2012 and other filings. Copies of these filings are available at www.sec.gov. ACETO undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether from new information, future events or otherwise.
CONTACT: Investor Relations Contact:
Stephanie CarringtonThe Ruth Group
(646) 536-7017
scarrington@theruthgroup.com








 



    Copyright © 2015 
    Chief Operating Officer Business Forum, Inc. 

        All rights reserved.





Srinivasan, Sathish 






























 Skip to content Skip to footerOklahoma Medical Research Foundation (OMRF)Discoveries that make a difference.Header Right
search
 
  







My 101
Research
Brief CV
Publications
Contact
Lab Staff







Home - Science - Scientist Directory - Srinivasan, Sathish		









Sathish Srinivasan, Ph.D.
Assistant Member
Cardiovascular Biology Research Program



My 101

The heart pumps blood, which carries oxygen and other nutrients throughout the body. Plasma is released from blood vessels to nourish the tissues. The lymphatic system functions to return this tissue fluid to blood circulation. A condition called lymphedema results when the lymphatic vasculature is damaged. Accumulating fluids cause swelling in the tissues that can lead to infections, inflammation and pain. Surgical damage to lymphatic vessels causes lymphedema in millions of people every year. Currently, only conservative treatments like massage and compression bandages are available. In my lab, we are studying the genes and signaling pathways responsible for the development and growth of the lymphatic vasculature.
We also focus on the role of the valves that regulate fluid flow within the vascular system. Valves are present within lymphatic vessels, veins and in the heart. A range of diseases such as spider veins, varicose veins, lymphedema and cardiac valve defects occur if the valves are not formed correctly or if they are damaged by injury or disease. By studying the genes responsible for the formation or functioning of valves, we can develop better strategies to repair these problems.



Research

My goals are to understand the molecular mechanisms regulating lymphatic and valvular endothelial cell development and maintenance.
The mammalian lymphatic vasculature is important for returning the extravasated plasma fluids in tissue space back to blood circulation, absorption of digested lipids from the intestine and in immune surveillance. Lymphedema is a disfiguring and mobility restricting disease that results due to the abnormal functioning of the lymphatic vasculature. Lymphedema is a common disorder that results either due to mutations in genes that regulate lymphatic vascular development or more often due to infection or surgical damage to the lymphatic vessels. Lymphatic vasculature is also considered as a major route for tumor metastasis especially melanoma and breast cancer. Despite its importance, diagnosis of lymphatic disorders and the identification of new targets to treat those ailments are limited.
Valves regulate the unidirectional flow of fluids (blood or lymph) in the mammalian vascular system. Valves are present in the heart, veins and the lymphatic vessels and are crucial for the normal physiology of the cardiovascular system. In addition, there is also a unique type of valve known as the lymphovenous valve that regulates the return of lymph fluid including all of the digested lipids (approximately 2 liters per day in an average human being) back to venous circulation.
Congenital cardiac valve defects are common causes for childhood mortality and morbidity. Calcification of cardiac valves occurs in approximately 10% of people who are at least 65 years old. This leads to valvular stenosis that could result in atherosclerosis, pulmonary edema, thromboembolism, cardiac hypertrophy and sudden cardiac death. A high-fat diet is known to aggravate this disease. Infection and non-infection (cancer) related endocarditis also damages cardiac valves.
In the aging population a range of venous valve defects such as spider veins, varicose veins and venous insufficiency are common. Incompetent venous valves results in ineffective blood flow causing pooling of blood and thrombosis. This result in embolism, problems in wound healing and tissue necrosis. In severe cases this leads to the stroke or amputation of the limbs.
Defects in formation or functioning of lymphatic valves cause lymphedema. Lymphectomy performed during breast cancer treatment frequently damages both lymphatic vessels and valves resulting in lymphedema.
No information is currently available regarding lymphovenous valves in human disease although using mouse models, I have recently demonstrated that defects in these valves could lead to lymphedema and chylothorax (Srinivasan and Oliver 2011). I believe that similar to the other cardiovascular valves they are likely to undergo aging related degeneration.
Despite their importance our understanding of valves during normal development and in disease is limited. With increase in the median age of the general population and with improving treatment options for cancer we have an urgent need to better understand the biology of valves and develop treatment methodologies to treat valve disorders beyond conventional synthetic replacement valves that are associated with significant mortality and morbidity.
Despite their differences, the development of both lymphatic and valvular endothelial cells is regulated by a common set of transcription factors and signaling molecules. Our goal is to understand these molecular mechanisms and translate this knowledge into effective treatments.



Brief CV

Education
B.Tech., Anna University, Chennai, India, 1999
Ph.D., Tulane University Medical Center, New Orleans, LA, 2003
Honors and Awards
2003 Morris F. Shaffer and Margret H.D. Smith-Shaffer Award for Excellence in Research, Tulane University, New Orleans, LA
2003 Keystone Symposia Scholarship, Keystone Symposium on Molecular Targets for Cancer Therapy, Banff, Canada
2005 Award for Best Scientific Talk, Vanderbilt University retreat on developmental biology, Paris Landing State Park, TN
2006 Outstanding Poster Award, Developmental vascular biology workshop II, North American Vascular Biology Organization (NAVB), Asilomar, CA
2008 Travel Award, Developmental vascular biology workshop III, North American Vascular Biology Organization (NAVB), Asilomar, CA
2010 Travel Award, Developmental vascular biology workshop IV, North American Vascular Biology Organization (NAVB), Asilomar, CA
Membership
North American Vascular Biology Organization
Joined OMRF Scientific Staff in 2013
 



Publications

Recent Publications
Cha B, Srinivasan RS. Mechanosensitive β-catenin signaling regulates lymphatic vascular development. BMB Rep. 2016 Jul 7. pii: 3609. [Epub ahead of print] [Abstract] PMID: 27418286
Cha B, Geng X, Mahamud MR, Fu J, Mukherjee A, Kim Y, Jho EH, Kim TH, Kahn ML, Xia L, Dixon JB, Chen H, Srinivasan RS. Mechanotransduction activates canonical Wnt/β-catenin signaling to promote lymphatic vascular patterning and the development of lymphatic and lymphovenous valves. Genes Dev. 2016 Jun 16. [Epub ahead of print] [Abstract] PMID: 27313318
Crosswhite PL, Podsiadlowska JJ, Curtis CD, Gao S, Xia L, Srinivasan RS, Griffin CT. CHD4-regulated plasmin activation impacts lymphovenous hemostasis and hepatic vascular integrity. J Clin Invest. 2016 Jun 1;126(6):2254-66.  [Abstract] PMCID: PMC4887170
Selected Publications
*Dong Y, Wu H, Rahman HN, Liu Y, Pasula S, Tessneer KL, Cai X, Liu X, Chang B, McManus J, Hahn S, Dong J, Brophy ML, Yu L, Song K, Silasi-Mansat R, Saunders D, Njoku C, Song H, Mehta-D’Souza P, Towner R, Lupu F, McEver RP, Xia L, Boerboom D, Srinivasan RS, Chen H. Motif mimetic of epsin perturbs tumor growth and metastasis. J Clin Invest. 2016 Mar 21. pii: 87344. [Abstract] [Epub ahead of print]  PMID: 26999611
Munger SJ, Geng X, Srinivasan RS, Witte MH, Paul DL, Simon AM. Segregated Foxc2, NFATc1 and Connexin expression at normal developing venous valves, and connexin-specific differences in the valve phenotypes of Cx37, Cx43, and Cx47 knockout mice. Dev Biol. 2016 Mar 4. pii: S0012-1606(15)30258-X. [Abstract] [Epub ahead of print]
Rahman HA, Wu H, Dong Y, Pasula S, Wen A, Sun Y, Brophy ML, Tessneer KL, Cai X, McManus J, Chang B, Kwak S, Rahman NS, Xu W, Fernandes C, Mcdaniel JM, Xia L, Smith L, Srinivasan RS, Chen H. Selective Targeting of a Novel Epsin-VEGFR2 Interaction Promotes VEGF-Mediated Angiogenesis. Circ Res. 2016 Feb 15. pii: CIRCRESAHA.115.307679. [Epub ahead of print] [Abstract]
Geng X, Cha B, Mahamud MR, Lim KC, Silasi-Mansat R, Uddin MK, Miura N, Xia L, Simon AM, Engel JD, Chen H, Lupu F, Srinivasan RS. Multiple mouse models of primary lymphedema exhibit distinct defects in lymphovenous valve development. Dev Biol. 2016 Jan 1;409(1):218-33. Epub 2015 Nov 2.  [Abstract] PMCID: PMC4688075
* Liu X, Pasula S, Song H, Tessneer KL, Dong Y, Hahn S, Yago T, Brophy ML, Chang B, Cai X, Wu H, McManus J, Ichise H, Georgescu C, Wren JD, Griffin C, Xia L, Srinivasan RS, Chen H. Temporal and spatial regulation of epsin abundance and VEGFR3 signaling are required for lymphatic valve formation and function. Sci Signal 7:ra97, 2014. [Abstract]
Yang Y, Garcia-Verdugo JM, Soriano-Navarro M, Srinivasan RS, Scallan JP, Singh MK, Epstein JA, Oliver G. Lymphatic endothelial progenitors bud from the cardinal vein and intersomitic vessels in mammalian embryos. Blood 120:2340-2348, 2012. [Abstract]
View all publications in PubMed



Contact

Cardiovascular Biology Research Program, MS 45
Oklahoma Medical Research Foundation
825 N.E. 13th Street
Oklahoma City, OK 73104
Phone: (405) 271-3550
Fax: (405) 271-3137
E-mail: sathish-srinivasan@omrf.org



Lab Staff

Xin Geng, Ph.D.
Staff Scientist
Tijs Louwies, Ph.D.
Postdoctoral Fellow
Boksik Cha, Ph.D.
Postdoctoral Fellow
Anna Nawrocka
Research Trainee (Polish Student Exchange Program)
Lijuan Chen
Research Assistant
Riaj Mahamud
Graduate Student
Anita James
Administrative Assistant III
 



 


Before Footer EOE/AA

FooterJobs
Directory
Donor Privacy Statement
Intranet

 
















