


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














Nagaraja Srivatsan - Chief Growth Officer & Executive Vice President at ExlService Holdings, Inc.



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Nagaraja Srivatsan
Chief Growth Officer & Executive Vice President at ExlService Holdings, Inc.



Overview
In The News Relationships Paths
Education Career History Boards & Committees 


Nagaraja Srivatsan
Chief Growth Officer & Executive Vice President at ExlService Holdings, Inc.



 Overview



Board Seats



1





Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 60 people.
              






 In The News
          See more




GlobeNewswire
February 28, 2017





                        EXL Reports 2016 Fourth Quarter and Full Year Results                    





RelSci
January 2, 2017





                        Nagaraja Srivatsan is now serving in a new position at ExlService Holdings, Inc.                    





SNL Financial
December 13, 2016





                        ExlService names chief growth officer                    







 Relationships
              See Details




Rohit Kapoor

Chief Executive Officer at ExlService Holdings, Inc.




Pavan Bagai

President & Chief Operating Officer at ExlService Holdings, Inc.





Vishal Chhibbar

Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer at ExlService Holdings, Inc.




Nancy Saltzman

Executive Vice President, General Counsel & Corporate Secretary at ExlService Holdings, Inc.





Mike Toma

Chief Technology Officer at ExlService Holdings, Inc.




Nalin Miglani

Executive Vice President & Chief Human Resource Officer at ExlService Holdings, Inc.





Vikram Talwar

Executive Chairman at EXL Service, Inc.




Garen K. Staglin

Co-Founder at One Mind for Research





David B. Kelso

Fund Advisor at Sound Shore Management, Inc.




Clyde W. Ostler

Head-Directors Advisory Council at University of California, San Diego - Scripps Institution of Oceanography







See 50 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 50 More 


 


 Paths to Nagaraja Srivatsan



            Nagaraja Srivatsan          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Nagaraja Srivatsan






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Nagaraja Srivatsan.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Educational Background



 


Birla Institute of Technology & Science

                  Birla Institute of Technology & Science (shortened BITS or Bits Pilani) is an Indian institute of higher education and a deemed university under Section 3 of the UGC Act. The university has 15 academic departments, and focuses primarily on undergraduate education in engineering and the sciences. It is widely known as the best private engineering institute of India.
The institute was established in its present form in 1964. During this period, the institute's transformation from a regional engineering college to a national university was backed by G.D. Birla. BITS has established centres at Goa, Pilani, Hyderabad and Dubai. There are two more proposed BITS centres coming up at Vizag and Bhubaneswar.                




 


Northwestern University

                  Northwestern University is a private institution founded in 1851 to serve the Northwest Territory, an area that now includes the states of Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Michigan, Wisconsin and parts of Minnesota.

In 1853, the founders purchased a 379-acre tract of land on the shore of Lake Michigan 12 miles north of Chicago. They established a campus and developed the land near it, naming the surrounding town Evanston in honor of one of the University's founders, John Evans. After completing its first building in 1855, Northwestern began classes that fall with two faculty members and 10 students.

Sixteen presidents have presided over Northwestern in the years since. The University has grown to include 12 schools and colleges, with additional campuses in Chicago and Education City in Qatar.
See highlights in Northwestern’s history:

1850
On May 31 John Evans, Grant Goodrich, Henry W. Clark, Andrew Brown, Orrington Lunt, Jabez Botsford, Richard Haney, Richard H. Blanchard, and Zadoc Hall meet above a hardware store at 69 West Lake Street in Chicago and resolve to establish a university under the patronage of the Methodist Episcopal Church.

1851
On January 28, the Illinois legislature approves Northwestern's Act of Incorporation, granting 36 trustees the power to administer the University's business affairs, organize faculty, adopt by-laws, and grant degrees.

1853
Clark T. Hinman becomes University's first president on June 23.
The University purchases 379 acres on Lake Michigan for $25,000.

1855
The University officially opens on November 5.
Northwestern's first building, Old College, is completed.
An amendment to University charter forbids the sale of liquor within four miles of campus.

1856
Randolph Foster becomes the University president.

1859
Five students receive bachelor's degrees at Northwestern's first commencement.

1860
Henry Noyes becomes the University president.
Student Edward Spencer rescues 17 survivors of the Lady Elgin, which sank in Lake Michigan.

1869
Erastus Haven becomes the University president.  
Trustees vote to admit young women to University classes "under the same terms and conditions as young men." Evanston resident Rebecca Hoag becomes first female to enroll at Northwestern.

1870
Chicago Medical College enters into an agreement with Northwestern University to serve as the University's Department of Medicine. 
New medical school building opens at Twenty-sixth and Prairie Avenue, adjacent to Mercy Hospital.
Women's Hospital Medical College opens.

1872
Dr. Charles Fowler becomes the University president.
1874
Sarah Rebecca Roland is first woman to receive a degree from Northwestern.
1882
The first football game is played against Lake Forest College.
1890
Henry Wade Rogers becomes University president.
1891
The School of Law opens.
1896
Northwestern's first PhDs are awarded; one is in chemistry, and one is in philosophy.
1902
The Rock, originally a drinking fountain, is given as a gift of the class of 1902.
1903
President Theodore Roosevelt visits campus.
Northwestern wins the first of seven Big Ten football championships.
1908
The School of Commerce opens. 1909 The College of Engineering opens.
1912
Kenneth Huszagh is the first Northwestern athlete to participate in the Olympics.
"Go U Northwestern," written by Northwestern University marching band member Theodore Van Etten, premieres in the season's final football game.
1917
Northwestern Medical Corps formed. Northwestern men and women serve in various capacities in World War I: 250 students sign up for active service; 800 women mobilized in National Aid and Red Cross work; a total of 3,606 went to war, and 65 died.
1920
Walter Dill Scott becomes the first non-Methodist University president.
1921
Medill School of Journalism, Media, Integrated Marketing Communications is established.
1924
Wildcats becomes the name for Northwestern's athletics teams.
1929
The first Waa-Mu show is performed.
1932
A merger of Northwestern and University of Chicago is proposed and dismissed.
1933
University College is created.
1939
Franklyn Snyder becomes the University President.
The first-ever NCAA Men's Basketball Championship is held at Northwestern in Patten Gymnasium.
1948
WNUR begins broadcasting.
Professor Melville Herskovits establishes the Program of African Studies.
1949
J. Roscoe Miller is named the University president.
Northwestern's first computer is installed on campus in an unused room of the Dearborn Observatory.
Northwestern defeats California 20-14 in the Rose Bowl. 
1957
Daily Northwestern staffers first paint the Rock.
1970
From May 6 to 13, campus is shut down in protest of Kent State shootings; this is the longest the school has ever been closed.
1975
The first Dance Marathon is held.
1979
Women's Basketball wins its first of two consecutive Big Ten titles.
1985
Arnold Weber becomes the University President.
1995
Henry Bienen becomes the University President.
1998
Professor John Pople is awarded the Nobel Prize for Chemistry.
2005
The women's lacrosse team wins its first of seven NCAA titles in eight years.
2006
U.S. Senator Barack Obama gives the commencement address.
2007
Northwestern begins offering journalism and communication degrees at its new branch campus in Qatar.
2008
Morton O. Schapiro becomes the University President.
2010
Professor Dale Mortensen is awarded the Nobel Prize for Economics.                





 Career History



Chief Growth Officer & Executive Vice President

                                    2016 - Current                


ExlService Holdings, Inc.


                  ExlService Holdings, Inc. engagegs in the provision of transformation and outsourcing services to global companies in industries including insurance, banking, financial services, utilities, transportation, and travel. It operates through the following segments: Insurance; Healthcare; Travel, Transportation, and Logistics; Finance and Accounting, Analytics, and All Other. The Insurance segment serves property and casualty insurance, life insurance, disability insurance, annuity, and retirement services companies. The Healthcare segment offers services related to care management or population health, payment integrity, revenue optimization, and customer engagement. The Travel, Transportation, and Logistics segment includes processing transportation, logistics transactions, supply chain management, warehousing, transportation management, and international logistics services. The Finance and Accounting segment comprises of procure-to-pay, order-to-cash, hire-to-retire, record-to-report, regulatory reporting, financial planning and analysis, audit and assurance, treasury, and tax processes. The Analytics segment consists of driving improved business outcomes for customers by generating data-driven insights. The All Other segment involves in banking, financial, utilities, and consulting services.  The company was founded by Vikram Talwar and Rohit Kapoor in April 1999 and is headquartered in New York, NY.                





 Boards & Committees



Corporate Boards ▾




Member, Executive Committee

                    2016 - Current                  


ExlService Holdings, Inc.

                    ExlService Holdings, Inc. engagegs in the provision of transformation and outsourcing services to global companies in industries including insurance, banking, financial services, utilities, transportation, and travel. It operates through the following segments: Insurance; Healthcare; Travel, Transportation, and Logistics; Finance and Accounting, Analytics, and All Other. The Insurance segment serves property and casualty insurance, life insurance, disability insurance, annuity, and retirement services companies. The Healthcare segment offers services related to care management or population health, payment integrity, revenue optimization, and customer engagement. The Travel, Transportation, and Logistics segment includes processing transportation, logistics transactions, supply chain management, warehousing, transportation management, and international logistics services. The Finance and Accounting segment comprises of procure-to-pay, order-to-cash, hire-to-retire, record-to-report, regulatory reporting, financial planning and analysis, audit and assurance, treasury, and tax processes. The Analytics segment consists of driving improved business outcomes for customers by generating data-driven insights. The All Other segment involves in banking, financial, utilities, and consulting services.  The company was founded by Vikram Talwar and Rohit Kapoor in April 1999 and is headquartered in New York, NY.                  





 Other Affiliations




              Nagaraja Srivatsan is affiliated with
                            ExlService Holdings, Inc., ExlService Holdings, Inc..
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤






















EXL Appoints Nagaraja Srivatsan As Executive Vice President And Chief Growth Officer - TheStreet




































































 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 








































EXL Appoints Nagaraja Srivatsan As Executive Vice President And Chief Growth Officer






GlobeNewswire



Dec 12, 2016 8:30 AM EST













 




























































 NEW YORK, Dec. 12, 2016 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- EXL (NASDAQ:EXLS), a leading Operations Management and Analytics company, today announced the appointment of Nagaraja Srivatsan to the role of Executive Vice President and Chief Growth Officer. Srivatsan will also join EXL's Executive Committee and will be based at the corporate headquarters in New York. Rohit Kapoor, Vice Chairman and CEO, EXL said, "I am delighted that Srivatsan has decided to join EXL's executive team. Srivatsan has demonstrated the ability to grow large businesses through strong sales leadership and create market-leading products and solutions. His deep understanding of digital and as-a-Service solutions will help EXL continue to develop differentiated offerings within our core domains.  Srivatsan will advance our sales and marketing functions, as well as accelerate the ability of our consulting practice to drive downstream opportunities for our Operations Management and Analytics businesses. I look forward to working with Srivatsan to drive innovation that will benefit our clients, employees and shareholders." "I am excited to join EXL and look forward to collaborating across the organization to grow the business," said Nagaraja Srivatsan, Chief Growth Officer, EXL. "I was impressed with the strength of EXL's leadership, the talent of its global workforce and strong client relationships. As clients prepare their operations for a more digital future, EXL is well positioned to support their transformational journeys due to our domain focus, analytics leadership and growing suite of digital solutions." In addition to Chief Growth Officer, Srivatsan will oversee Sales and Marketing, EXL Consulting and strategy. Srivatsan brings over 25 years of experience managing rapidly growing organizations. Prior to EXL, Srivatsan was Senior Vice President and Venture Partner at Cognizant, where he spent 14 years holding various senior leadership roles. He significantly grew Cognizant's Life Sciences and new markets portfolio including Government and Energy & Utilities and accelerated the New Ventures and Digital Solutions portfolio for Healthcare and Life Sciences. He has delivered strong revenue growth, developed large, long-term client relationships, built high performing teams and launched market-leading solutions leveraging analytics, digital technology and as-a-Service delivery. Before joining Cognizant, Srivatsan held several leadership roles in business consulting, IT and eBusiness.  



 








 










































If you liked this article you might like













New Lifetime High Today: ExlService Holdings (EXLS)
Trade-Ideas LLC identified ExlService Holdings (EXLS) as a new lifetime high candidate



TheStreet Wire

Jul 5, 2016 9:45 AM EDT
























Strong And Under The Radar Today: ExlService Holdings (EXLS)
Trade-Ideas LLC identified ExlService Holdings (EXLS) as a strong and under the radar candidate



TheStreet Wire

Jun 23, 2016 9:49 AM EDT
























Insider Trading Alert - BOCH, EGP And EXLS Traded By Insiders
Stocks with insider trader activity include BOCH, EGP and EXLS



TheStreet Wire

Apr 28, 2016 10:00 AM EDT
























New Lifetime High Reached: ExlService Holdings (EXLS)
Trade-Ideas LLC identified ExlService Holdings (EXLS) as a new lifetime high candidate



TheStreet Wire

Mar 30, 2016 9:46 AM EDT








































 











Trending


Jim Cramer Nails Starbucks' Big Decline, Warns Again of Downside to $50


Starbucks Shares Are Plunging by More Than 10% -- Go Out and Buy!


Worst Performing Tech Stocks: AMZN, AMD, MU, WDC


Tesla Is a Cult Stock, Jim Cramer Says


Donald Trump Can Now Blame Apple for Atlantic's Reporting











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 












