










 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Stage2 Capital Associates G.P., LLC - CEO, founder, businessman - profile

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











Stage2 Capital Associates G.P., LLC
Check out list of companies and businesses related to Stage2 Capital Associates G.P., LLC. Find out Stage2 Capital Associates G.P., LLC address and contact details. View other people related to Stage2 Capital Associates G.P., LLC - coworkers, colleagues, companions, etc.
Address:   

4801 S. BROAD ST., SUITE 400  PHILADELPHIA 19112 PA




Companies related to Stage2 Capital Associates G.P., LLC
CIKCompany NamePositionCompany Address0001651561Tabula Rasa HealthCare, Inc.228 STRAWBRIDGE DRIVE SUITE 100 MOORESTOWN 08057




Stage2 Capital Associates G.P., LLC on the Web
Persons related to Stage2 Capital Associates G.P., LLC - Tabula Rasa HealthCare, Inc.NamePositionCityBrian W  AdamsChief Financial Officer MOORESTOWNEric R  Arnson10% Owner BETHLEHEMGLEN R  BRESSNERDirector EXTONJordan  DavisELMSFORDJoann M.  Durham10% Owner MOORESTOWNJohn R.  Durham10% Owner MOORESTOWNEmerald Stage2 Ventures, L.P. PHILADELPHIAMICHAEL J  GAUSLING10% Owner BETHLEHEMDennis  HellingDirector MOORESTOWNCalvin H  KnowltonChief Executive Officer MOORESTOWNOrsula V  KnowltonPresident MOORESTOWNDANIEL C  LUBINDirector NEW YORKBruce  LuehrsDirector MCLEANORIGINATE GROWTH FUND 1A LP10% Owner BETHLEHEMORIGINATE GROWTH FUND 1Q LP10% Owner BETHLEHEMOriginate Growth GP, LLCBETHLEHEMRADIUS VENTURE PARTNERS III L PNEW YORKRadius Venture Partners III, LLC10% Owner NEW YORKRadius Venture Partners III (OHIO), LPMINNEAPOLISRadius Venture Partners III QP, L.P.NEW YORKStage2 Capital Ventures Associates, L.P.PHILADELPHIAGORDON  TUNSTALLDirector 












 








PRIVATE EQUITY Flashcards | Quizlet






         









 

SearchCreateLog inSign upLog inSign up
AdvertisementUpgrade to remove ads53 termsajit775PRIVATE EQUITYSTUDYPLAY4. Private Equity/Venture CapitalPE is an ownership interest in a private (non-publicly-traded) company. The term "private equity" refers to any security by which EQUITY capital is raised via a PRIVATE PLACEMENT rather than through a PUBLIC offering. PE securities are not registered with a regulatory body. To qualify as private placements, securities are generally offered for sale to either INSTITUTIONS or HNW individuals (accredited investors). PE investments can be made FACE-to-FACEwith the company needing financing or indirectly through PRIVATE EQUITY FUNDS.Private Equity FundsPRIVATE EQUITY FUNDS: pooled investment vehicles through which many investors make (INDIRECT) investments in generally highly ILLIQUID assetsA variety of investment ACTIVITIES can take place in the investment structures known as PRIVATE EQUITY FUNDS (financing private businesses, leveraged buyouts of public companies, distressed debt investing, private financing of public infrastructure projects)In this section, the focus is on the two historically most important fields of PE activity: 1. VENTURE CAPITAL: the equity financing of new or growing private companies2. BUY OUT FUNDS: The buyout of established companies via private equity fundsPrivate Equity Process versus Public Equity4.1. The Private Equity MarketWHY the MARKET OPPORTUNITIES for PE arise? - Take the case of VC INVESTMENT first: - Closely held business is characterized by a small number of owners (ie. family) and is not publicly traded. Such businesses may seek outside investors for a variety of reasons:1. original owners may not have adequate capital for growth or even to fund current operations2. Entrepreneurs frequently lack the professional managerial skills and experience to manage the enterprise they started after it reaches a certain size. Reason for VC firms existence:1. VC firms may assist in the transition to professional management2. Owners may also want to diversify their wealth.3. VC also can assist in the IPO of shares, which permits the original owners to eventually realize public market valuations for their holdings.Formative Stage CompaniesFormative-stage companies usually raise money through marketing an effective BUSINESS PLAN to potentially interested parties. The business plan describes: 1. the intended products and/or services,2. the market that will be served, 3. the business strategy, 4. the dates of expected financial milestones (such as profitability to be achieved), 5. the expected cash "BURN RATE," 6. the additional rounds of financing that the company expects to needPrivate Placement MemorandumIn the case of funds raised through AN AGENT, a document called a PRIVATE PLACEMENT MEMORANDUM may be used. It should describe the company's business and competitive factors and discuss how it intends to use the proceeds from the offering. It should also contain financial statements and projections, although not necessarily audited financial statements.The Demand for Venture CapitalIssuers of venture capital include the following:1. Formative-stage companies:2. Expansion-state companies:• Formative-stage companies:This group ranges from: 1. NEWLY FORMED COMPANIES 2. YOUNG COMPANIES beginning product development ("start-ups") 3. Companies that are just BEGINNING to SELL a product.The Demand for Venture CapitalIssuers of venture capital include the following:1. Formative-stage companies:2. Expansion-state companies:• Expansion-stage companies:This group ranges from: 1. Young companies that need financing for EXPANDING SALES saleS 2. ESTABLISHED companies with significant revenues (middle-market companies), 3. Companies that are preparing for an IPO of stock.The financing stages through which many private companies pass include the following: Early-Stage FinancingEarly-Stage Financing: 1. SEED: Seed money is a relatively SMALL amount of money provided to the entrepreneur to form a company and prove that an idea has a reasonable chance of commercial success. 2. START-UP: Company has been formed and an idea has been proven but the company needs money to bring the product or idea to commercialization. This is a PER-REVENUE stage3. FIRST STAGE: If the company has exhausted its seed and start-up financing, the company may seek additional funds. Obviously, the company must have made progress from earlier stages to warrant an investment at this stage.The financing stages through which many private companies pass include the following: Later-Stage Financing:This is the financing of PROMISING COMPANIES that need funds for EXPANDING sales.The ExitThe investor can realize the value of the holding in several ways: 1. Merger w/ another company2. Acquisition by another company (including a PE fund specializing in this); 3. IPO by which the company becomes publicly traded.Of course, it is also possible that the venture will not succeed and the business will be closed without any recovery of the original investment by the equity holder.Timeline: Summary ChartThe Supply of Venture CapitalSuppliers of venture capital include the following:1. Angel Investors2. Venture Capital 3. Large Companies• ANGEL investors: An angel investor is an accredited individual investing chiefly in SEED and EARLY-stage companies, sometimes after the resources of the founder's friends and family have been exhausted. Angel investors are often the FIRST OUTSIDE investors in a company, even before a company is organized or there is a real product. The size of the investments made by angels is relatively SMALL . However, because they are generally invested at the earliest point, such investments are among the RISKIEST.The Supply of Venture CapitalSuppliers of venture capital include the following:1. Angel Investors2. Venture Capital 3. Large Companies• VENTURE CAPITAL: Venture capital (VC): pools of capital managed by specialists known as venture capitalists who seek to identify companies that have great business opportunities but need financial, managerial, and strategic support. Venture capitalists: 1. invest alongside company managers; 2. they often take representation on the BOD 3. provide significant expertise in addition to capital. An individual pool is a VENTURE CAPITAL FUND An industry of investment firms sponsors series of such funds and sometimes a variety of similarly structured vehicles taking advantage of different opportunities. These firms may be private partnerships, closely held corporations, or sometimes, publicly traded corporations. In the UK, VC trusts (VCTs), which are exchange-traded, closed-end vehicles, provide an example of other opportunities that are available.The Supply of Venture CapitalSuppliers of venture capital include the following:1. Angel Investors2. Venture Capital 3. Large Companies• Large companies:A variety of MAJOR companies invest their own money via corporate PE in promising young companies in the SAME or a RELATED industry. The activity is known as CORPORATE VENTURING , and the investors are often referred to as "STRATEGIC PARTNERS." CORPORATE VENTURING FUNDS are not available to the public.Buy Out FundsMost investors participate in PE through PE funds. Among these funds, BUYOUT funds constitute a LARGER segment than VC funds, as measured by AUM or the size of capital commitments. The capital commitments to buyout funds in many years have been 2X to 3X the size of those to VC funds.Buy Out Funds1. Mega-Cap Buyout Funds2. Middle-MarketMega-cap buy-out funds: Take PUBLIC companies PRIVATEMiddle-market buy-out funds: Purchase private companies whose revenues and profits are too small to access capital from the PUBLIC EQUITY MARKETSTypically purchase ESTABLISHED businesses, such as small privately held companies and divisions spun off from larger companiesThe buyout fund manager seeks to add value by:1. Restructuring operations and improving management;2. Opportunistically identifying and executing the purchase of companies at a discount to intrinsic value3. Capturing any gains from the addition of debt or restructuring of existing debtThe buyout fund manager seeks to add value by: more...To further their ability to add value through RESTRUCTURING operations and improving management, large buyout organizations maintain a pool of EXPERIENCED OPERATING and FINANCIAL executives who can be inserted into the companies if necessary These organizations look to CUT COSTS & increase revenues. Buyout organizations have well-developed processes for installing incentive compensation systems and management reporting systems. They have experience restructuring supply chains and distribution channels. Buyout firms may explain the market opportunity as the potential to add value by substitution of a highly focused PRIVATE governance model, in which expert owners have complete control, for a PUBLIC governance model with dispersed ownership, conflicts of interest, and high regulatory compliance costs. Buyout funds can realize value gains through: 1. a sale of the acquired company2. an IPO3. DIVIDEND RECAPITALIZATION (NEXT SLIDE)DIVIDEND RECAPITALIZATIONIssuance of DEBT to finance a SPECIAL DIVIDEND to owners (sometimes refinancing existing debt in the process)May allow buyout funds to recoup all or most of the cash used to acquire a company within 2 - 4 years of the buyout while still RETAINING ownership and control of the company. However, dividend recapitalization has the potential to WEAKEN the company as a going concern by OVER LEVERAGING it.4.1.1. Types of Private Equity Investment DIRECT VENTURE CAPITALSTRUCTUREDIRECT VC investment is structured as CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK rather than COMMON stock. The terms require that the corporation PAY CASH equal to some multiple (e.g., 2×) of PREFERRED shareholders' ORIGINAL investment before any cash can be paid on the COMMON stock (equity investment of the founders)Preferred stock is SENIOR to COMMON stock also in its claims on LIQUIDATION value. Advantages of this structure:1. Mitigates the risk that the company will take on the VC investment and distribute it to the owners/founders. 2. Provides an incentive to the company to meet the return goals of the outside investors. Subsequent rounds usually have rights to cash flows that are SENIOR to preferred stock issued in previous financing rounds. Shares issued in LATER rounds are MORE VALUABLE than shares issued in earlier rounds, which in turn, are more valuable than the founders' common shares. For convertible preferred shares issued in any round, an EVENT such as a BUYOUT or an ACQUISITION of the common equity at a favorable price will trigger CONVERSION of the preferred into the common4.1.1. Types of Private Equity Investment INDIRECT STRUCTUREPrimarily through private equity funds, including VC FUNDS and BUYOUT funds.PE funds are usually structured as LLP or LLCs with an expected life of 7-10yrs w/ option to extend another 1-5yrsThe fund manager's OBJECTIVE is to realize the value of all portfolio investments by the fund's LIQUIDATION DATELLP and LLC forms are attractive because income and capital gains flow through to the LP (for the LLC, the shareholders) for tax purposes, thus avoiding the possible DOUBLE TAXATION that can occur in the corporate form. The limited partners or shareholders DO NOT BEAR ANY LIABILITY beyond the amount of their investmentsThe GP (or the MD) is the venture capitalist, the party selecting and advising investments. The GP, who may be an individual or another entity (such as a corporation or partnership), also commits its own capital. In this way, the interests of the outside investors and the fund manager/GP/MD are closely aligned.LLC formThe LLC form, available in the US and some other countries under different names and with different requirements, is a HYBRID of the CORPORATE and PARTNERSHIP forms. Provides investors w/ more influence on the fund's operations than does a LP interest—in particular, more control over the raising of additional committed capital. The LLC is often the preferred form when raising funds from a relatively SMALL GROUP of substantial and knowledgeable investors who may want to be PROACTIVE investorsPE funds of-fundsSuch funds INVEST in other PE funds. Management fees of funds-of-funds vehicles range from 0.5% to 2% of the net assets managed; these fees are on TOP of fees charged by the underlying funds.Venture Capital: Corporate FormIn contrast to the structure of PE funds, in venture capital, the company receiving support is organized in a CORPORATE form because one desirable exit is a successful initial offering of shares to the public. Examples of the corporate form of publicly traded companies include: - UK public limited company (PLC), - the corporation in the United States, - the kabushiki kaisha (K.K.) in Japan, - the sociedad anónima in Spain, - the société anonyme in France, - Aktiengesellschaft (AG) in GermanyCompensation to the fund manager of a private equity fundThe compensation to the fund manager of a private equity fund consists of a MANAGEMENT fee plus an incentive fee.The management fee = % of limited partner commitments to the fund. Example: Investor has made a capital commitment of $50M but actually invested only $10M, the investor generally pays a management fee on the $50M committedManagement fees are often in the 1.5-2.5% range and often scale down in the later years of a partnership to reflect a lower work loadCarried Interest (Incentive Fee)Carried interest: share of the PE fund's profits that the fund manager is due once the fund has returned the outside investors' capital (which may be specified as the capital committed or the capital invested). Usually expressed as a % of the total profits of the fund (common value is 20%)Example: manager will thus receive 20% of the profits and distribute the remaining 80% of the profits to investorsA hurdle rate of 6% means that only the PE fund's profits in excess of an annualized return of 6% are subject to 20% carried interestIn some funds, the carried interest is computed on only those profits that represent a return in excess of a hurdle rate (the hurdle rate is also known as the PREFERRED RETURN).Claw Back ProvisionBecause early investments by the fund may achieve high rates of return but later investments do poorly, private equity funds sometimes have a CLAW-BACK PROVISION Specifies that money from the fund manager be returned to investors IF at the end of a fund's life investors have not received back their capital contributions and contractual share of profits.Compensation: Last pointsIn distributing CF to investors & the fund manager, a private equity fund first distributes to investors their invested capital and preferred return. Sometimes, the fund manager is allowed to take a small percentage of early distributions.Typically, following the period in which all or most distributions go to investors, there is a catch-up period in which the fund manager receives all or the major share of profits. After the fund manager has caught up to its specified share of profits according to the contract, subsequent profits are distributed according to the carried interest percentage—for example, 80% to investors and 20% to the fund manager. Some of the manager's profits may be put in an escrow account to satisfy any claw-back liability.4.1.2. Size of the Private Equity MarketA reliable estimate of direct private equity investment worldwide is hard to obtain, but as of early 2006, approximately US$200B was invested in PE VC and BUYOUT funds worldwide via approximately 1,000 private equity vehicles.4.2. Benchmarks and Historical PerformanceAs for many other alternative investment types, events that indicate the market value of a private equity investment generally occur INFREQUENTLY. Typical market price-revealing events include the RAISING OF NEW FINANCING, THE ACQUISITION OF THE COMPANY BY ANOTHER COMPANY, THE IPO, or FAILURE OF THE BUSINESS. Infrequent market pricing poses a MAJOR CHALLENGE to index construction. How can returns be calculated without market transactions? When measuring the performance of a private equity investment, investors typically calculate an IRR based on CFs since inception of the investment and the ending valuation of the investment (the net asset value or residual value).4.2.1. BenchmarksMajor benchmarks for US and European private equity are those provided by: 1. Cambridge Associates and 2. Thomson Venture Economics, Present an overall PE index representing two major segments: 1. VC FUNDS 2. BUYOUT FUNDSCUSTOM BENCHMARKS are also frequently used by private equity investors.4.2.2. Historical PerformancePrivate equity returns have exhibited a LOW CORRELATION with PUBLIC traded securities, making them an attractive addition to a portfolio. However, because of a lack of observable market prices for private equity, short-term return and correlation data may be a result of STALE PRICES.4.2.3. Interpretation Issues Appraisal issuesThe private equity investor thinks of returns in terms of IRR calculations based, generally, on estimates of the values of the investor's interest. However, the fund manager's appraisals (usually supplied on a QUARTERLY basis) supply ESTIMATES, not a MARKET PRICE. Appraised values are OFTEN SLOW TO ADJUST to new circumstances (use STALE data) and focus only on COMPANY-SPECIFIC EVENTS, so the returns may be ERRONEOUS. Furthermore, there is NO GENERALLY accepted standard for APPRAISALS.4.2.3. Interpretation Issues Return issues & Vintage YearIn evaluating past records of returns of private equity funds, investors often make comparisons with funds closed in the same year (the funds' VINTAGE YEAR). This helps assure the funds are compared with other funds at a similar stage in their life cycle. The effects of vintage year on returns are known as "VINTAGE YEAR EFFECTS," and include, in addition to the effects of LIFE-CYCLE stage, the influence that ECONOMIC CONDITIONS and MARKET OPPORTUNITIES opportunities associated with a given vintage year may have on various funds' probabilities of success.4.3. Private Equity: Investment Characteristics and RolesLike public equity investment, but to a greater degree, private equity plays a GROWTH ROLE in investment portfolios. On the one hand, at the company level, the highest EARNINGS GROWTH rates are usually achievable EARLY, when the markets for the company's products may be largely untapped and competition may be small. When a promising private company comes to market, its prospective growth may be capitalized at an above-market-average multiple. On the other hand, investment in ESTABLISHED COMPANIES via buyout funds generally involves LESrisk and earlier returns. The private equity investor hopes to gauge and control the risk through APPROPRIATE DUE DILIGENCE processes4.3.1. Investment Characteristics The general investment characteristics of private equity investments include the following:1. Illiquidity• Illiquidity. Private equity investments are generally highly illiquid. Convertible preferred stock investments do not trade in a secondary market. Private equity fund investors have more restricted opportunities to withdraw investments from the fund than do hedge fund investors. This is natural, because the underlying investments are not liquid.4.3.1. Investment Characteristics The general investment characteristics of private equity investments include the following:2 . Long-term commitments required.• Long-term commitments required. Private equity investment generally requires long-term commitments. For direct VC investments, the time horizon also can be quite uncertain.4.3.1. Investment Characteristics The general investment characteristics of private equity investments include the following:3. Higher risk than seasoned public equity investment.• Higher risk than seasoned public equity investment. The returns to private equity investments, on average, show greater dispersion than seasoned public equity investments, although they may be roughly comparable to those of publicly traded microcap shares.49 The risk of complete loss of investment is also higher. The failure rate of new and young businesses is highThe general investment characteristics of private equity investments include the following:4. High expected IRR required• High expected IRR required. Private equity investors target high rates of returns as compensation for the risk and illiquidity of such investments.The general investment characteristics of private equity investments include the following:5. Limited information (for VC investments only)• Limited information. Because new ventures operate in product or service markets that may break new ground in some way, projections concerning cash flows are often based on limited information or make many assumptions. Although this is a risk factor, it is also related to the potential for unusual profits, however, of successful ventures.Discounts for Valuations:The ILLIQUIDITY of private equity affects the value, of course, of an investor's interest.The value that is determined by using models such as the venture capital method or discounted cash flow method may be used as the estimate of the value for a marketable controlling interest.If the owner has a MINORITY INTEREST and the EQUITY INTEREST does not have a READY MARKET, then discounts are applied to reflect the value for a minority-interest holder with a nonmarketable interest. The discount for lack of MARKETABILITY (for short, marketability discount) takes account of the lack of liquidity in the investment and depends on a number of factors, such as the size of the interest and the level of dividends paid. If the interest to be valued is a CONTROLLING INTEREST, only the marketability discount needs to be consideredVC funds and buyout funds have some expected differences in return characteristics• Buyout funds are usually highly leveraged. The capital raised by the fund may be 25-40 percent of capital used to purchase the equity of the target company, with the balance coming from debt collateralized by the target company's assets. The operating cash flows of the target company, typically an established company, are used to service the debt payments. In contrast, VC funds use no debt in obtaining their equity interests. • The cash flows to buyout fund investors come earlier and are often steadier than those to VC fund investors. Because buyout funds purchase established companies, buyout fund investors usually realize returns earlier than VC fund investors, for which fund investments may still be in the cash-burning stage. The expected pattern of interim returns over the life of a successful venture capital fund has sometimes been described as a J-curve, in which early returns (e.g., over the first five or six years) are negative as the portfolio of companies burns cash but later returns accelerate as companies are exited. In general, the earlier the stage in which a fund invests in companies, the greater the risk and the potential. • The returns to VC fund investors are subject to greater error in measurement. The interim return calculations of private equity funds depend not only on cash flow transactions with the fund but also on the valuations of the portfolio companies. These valuations are subject to much less uncertainty for buyout funds investing in established companies. Thus, venture capital investing may be expected to involve more frequent losses than buyouts in return for higher upside potential when investments are successful.4.3.2. Roles in the PortfolioPrivate equity probably can play a moderate role as a RISK DIVERSIFIER. However, many investors look to private equity investment for LONG-TERM RETURN ENHANCEMENT.Given the capacity issues already mentioned and private equity's generally high illiquidity, target allocations of 5 percent or less are commonplace.Among the issues that must be addressed in formulating a strategy for private equity investment are the following:• Ability to achieve sufficient diversification. Suppose an investor's allocation to private equity is 5 percent. Given that institutional partnership commitments are typically not smaller than US$5 million, a reasonably diversified portfolio (5-10 investments) means commitments totaling 5 × US$5 million = US$25 million to 10 × US$5 million = US$50 million. These amounts imply that the assets of the institutions investing in this kind of investment typically need to exceed US$500 million (= US$25 million ÷ 5%). For smaller investors, a private equity fund of funds is a possible diversification choice, although it involves a second layer of fees....• Liquidity of the position. Direct private equity investments are inherently illiquid. Consequently, private equity funds are also illiquid. Investors in funds must be prepared to have the capital tied up for 7-10 years. Although a limited secondary market for private equity commitments exists, the investments trade at highly discounted prices, which makes selling the positions an unattractive proposition....• Provision for capital commitment. An investor in a private equity fund makes a commitment of capital. The cash is advanced over a period of time known as the commitment period, which is typically five years. Therefore, the investor needs to make provisions to have cash available for future capital calls....• Appropriate diversification strategy. An investor contemplating an exposure to private equity should be clear on the stand-alone risk factors of an investment and also the effect on the overall risk of the portfolio. Each private equity fund will have a different investment focus, which when combined with other funds in the portfolio, modifies the overall risk. Diversification may be across industry sectors, by stage of company development, and by location: o industry sector (information technology, biotechnology, alternative energy, etc.);o stage (early stage, expansion, buyout, etc.);o geography (locally focused, internationally focused, etc.).4.3.3. Other IssuesAmong the MAJOR REQUIREMENTS for private equity investing is CAREFUL DUE DILIGENCE.due diligence items for private equity can usually be placed into one of the following THREE BINS: 1. Evaluation of prospects for market success.2. Operational review, focusing on internal processes, such as sales management, employment contracts, internal financial controls, product engineering and development, and intellectual property management. 3. Financial/legal review, including the examination of internal financial statements, audited financial statements, auditor's management letters, prior-year budgets, documentation of past board of directors meetings, board minutes, corporate minute books, and assessment of all legal proceedings, intellectual property positions, contracts and contingent liabilities.1. Evaluation of Prospects for Market Success• Markets, competition, and sales prospects: PE investor needs to have an opinion for prospect for success• Management experience and capabilities: quality of management. Ongoing research not just one time.• Management's commitment:% of ownership and compensation incentives • Cash invested: "skin on the game". Good sing if mgmt has a large amount of wealth invested in the company• Opinion of customers: learn their opinions about the produces and services• Identity of current investors: if a medical device company, it is a good sing if you have doctors are investors2. Operational Review• Expert validation of technology: investor needs to obtain expert validation that the technology is valid and represents an advance. • Employment contracts: . Do key employees have contracts to ensure that they stay with the company? • Intellectual property: he ability to succeed hinges on proprietary information (formulas, processes, designs). Company holds relevant patents in such cases?3. Financial/Legal Review• Potential for dilution of interest:investigate the stock options that have been issued to managers and other potential means by which investor interests may be diluted• Examination of financial statements: investors may want to ask for tax returns or conduct their own audits of financial records......AdvertisementUpgrade to remove ads





Business Services, Nec – Midland, North Carolina Company Research - Page 1









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



NC



Midland



Business Services



Business Services, Nec



                            Business Services, Nec
                                    



 



















Midland, NC Business Services, Nec Business Directory


            your search returned 17 results      

1
2








V




VOLUBILIS FOOD INC.


407 BROOKSIDE RD  WATERBURY, CT 06708



view profile








get credit report






H




                        Horticultural Enterprises Inc

                                            

51 Alvin Hough Rd  Midland, NC 28107



view profile








get credit report






H




                        HARPER BUILDING SYSTEMS L

                                            

100 RUSSETTE LN  MIDLAND, NC 28107



view profile








get credit report






F




                        FOX ENTERPRISES

                                            

2900 CAL BOST RD  MIDLAND, NC 28107



view profile








get credit report






D




                        Double Dd's Enterprise, Inc

                                            

825 Family Dr  Midland, NC 28107



view profile








get credit report






S




                        SOUTHERN SALES GROUP

                                            

9216 BLACK RD  MIDLAND, NC 28107



view profile








get credit report






S




                        SOUTHERN CABARRUS ASSOCIATES INC

                                            

MIDLAND, NC 28107



view profile








get credit report






S




                        STEFANELLI ENTERPRIS

                                            

3260 DRAKE RD  MIDLAND, NC 28107



view profile








get credit report






J




                        James Tucker Enterprises LLC

                                            

3705 Cal Bost Rd  Midland, NC 28107



view profile








get credit report






S




                        Summit Solutions LLC

                                            

1175 Ben Black Rd  Midland, NC 28107



view profile








get credit report






S




                        STAGE2 ENTERPRISES LLC

                                            

3303 BRICKWOOD CIR  MIDLAND, NC 28107



view profile








get credit report






            your search returned 17 results      

1
2


 




























Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















About Us / Our Team | New Capital Funds















Jump to Navigation





Main menu


Investment Criteria
Portfolio Companies
Our Team/ About Us
Contact Us
Home
 







About Us / Our Team







NEW Capital Fund, LP was founded in 2006 followed by NEW Capital Fund II, LP in 2012. The firm has focused on making early stage life and material science, information technology and growth stage niche/advanced manufacturing investments. In 2017 the firm completed its portfolio of investments is  no longer seeking new opportunities.
Our Team

Robert DeBruin

Mr. DeBruin serves as President of DeBruin & Associates CPA’S, LLC. From 1974 to 1978 Mr. DeBruin was a staff accountant at Arthur Young & Co. in Milwaukee. In 1978 he joined Schenck SC as a Manager and was promoted to partner in 1983. He was President of Schenck Corporate Finance Group, Inc. from 1995 to 2012, and supervised the firm’s merger and acquisition areas. At DeBruin & Associates CPA’s LLC he provides merger and acquisition services. Other related services include business financial planning, valuations, and strategic business planning.

Completing over 300 transactions over a 20 year period, Mr. DeBruin assisted a number of start up companies that have developed into over $100 million sales revenue companies. As an audit shareholder, experiences include supervising audits of all sizes, from several of the largest companies in the area to small developing companies.
Mr. DeBruin earned a BBA in Accounting at the University of Wisconsin – Madison  He received the Elijah Watts Sells Award for outstanding performance in the CPA Examination.
Mr. DeBruin is a member of the Board of Directors of NEW Capital Fund; Master Mold, LLC, Milwaukee, WI; National Tissue Company, Milwaukee, WI; and Werner Electric, Inc, Neenah, WI.



Charlie Goff

From 1975 to 1978 Mr. Goff worked as a staff accountant with Arthur Andersen LLP in Chicago, IL, participating in a wide variety of management consulting engagements while with Andersen. 
Mr. Goff moved to Appleton and founded Forward Enterprises, Inc., a distributor of industrial piping products serving the pulp and paper industry and mechanical contractors. Over the next 18 years, Forward Enterprises expanded to five locations in three states, $30 million in revenue, and 75 employees. Mr. Goff sold Forward to Ferguson Enterprises in 1998 and subsequently worked as the General Manager of Ferguson’s Northeast Wisconsin division.
In 2006 Mr. Goff became the President of NEW Capital Management acting as the General Partner of NEW Capital Fund and in 2012 Mr. Goff became the President of NEW Capital Fund II, LP. Mr. Goff has participated in management of both Funds while investing in twenty Wisconsin and Minnesota based early stage businesses. 
Mr. Goff currently serves on the board of directors of Renovar, Inc. Little Chute, WI, Aurizon Ultrasonics, LLC, Kimberly, Swallow Solutions, LLC Madison, WI, WI, Gravy Live, Inc. Middleton, WI and Keller, Inc, Kaukauna, WI;
Mr. Goff earned a degree in Math and Computer Science from UW-Oshkosh and a MBA from UW Madison. 



David Gitter

Affiliated with M&I Marshall & Ilsley Corporation for 33 years, Mr. Gitter retired in 2008: his last position was President of Wisconsin’s northeast region. Mr. Gitter’s responsibilities included management of over 40 branch locations and administration of a $2.5 billion loan portfolio.
Mr. Gitter serves on the board of directors of Valley Packaging, Inc., Keller, Inc., Warehouse Specialists, Inc., and the Franciscan Sisters of Christian Charity.



Steve Predayna

Mr. Predayna serves as the Vice President of DeBruin & Associates CPA’S, LLC. From 1983 to 1994 Mr. Predayna held various positions including audit and tax manager at Schenck SC in Appleton. From 1994 to 2002 he held controller positions at Great Northern Corporation, a privately owned manufacturer of corrugated boxes, and Material Management Group, a distributor of fasteners and related parts. In 2002, Mr. Predayna returned to Schenck SC and was promoted to partner in 2005. He also served as Vice President of Schenck Corporate Finance, Inc. where he assisted clients in the sale and acquisition of business entities. As an audit shareholder, Mr. Predayna also supervised audits of all sizes from several of the largest companies in the area to small developing companies.  In 2012, Mr. Predayna joined DeBruin & Associates CPA’S, LLC.

In addition to positions in audit, tax and corporate finance areas, Mr. Predayna’s experience includes representing clients in the sale and acquisition of business entities with transaction sizes up to $60 million in value. Mr. Predayna also assists clients with strategic planning, cash flow forecasting, costing analysis and other business planning projects.
Mr. Predayna earned a BBA in Accounting at the University of Wisconsin – Oshkosh. He received the Elijah Watt Sells Award for outstanding performance on the CPA exam. 
Mr. Predayna has served on the boards of several non profit organizations including Appleton West Rotary, Appleton YMCA, Big Brothers Big Sisters of the Fox Valley Region, Community First Fox Cities Marathon, and the Girl Scouts of the Fox River Area. 

 










Managing Directors 

Investment Board
The Fund is governed by five Investment Board business professionals from northeast Wisconsin who advise the General Partner on Fund investments and management matters.  The Investment Board assists in transactional due diligence and may serve as consultants or directors of portfolio companies.  Each Investment Board member is a limited partner in the Fund.
















New Capital Fund - Little Chute, WI
2012 NEW Capital Fund. All Rights Reserved | Home









           Stage2 SugarCRM CTI Integration | Stage2 CRM-Phone Dialer Integration      SugarCRMStage2You are viewingOur Integration ListSugarCRMSugarCRM+
Stage2Integrate Stage2 and SugarCRM NowConnect your SugarCRM and Stage2 using Tenfold to automatically track and log every call instantly + Start Selling With Tenfold TodayIf you are a human and are seeing this field, please leave it blank.Fields marked with an * are requiredName Work Email *Phone integrations-sugarcrm-stage2Wayfair Increased Connection Rate by 30% and Doubled Outbound Call Volume Within One Month of Using Tenfold.Joel Stevenson, VP of Sales at WayfairAbout Stage2Stage 2 Networks has been providing clients with a robust suite of products that include Cloud Voice, SIP, Unified Communications (UC), internet connectivity and MPLS. Their suite of custom, on-demand voice and data solutions... Read moreAbout SugarCRMSugarCRM enables businesses to create extraordinary customer relationships with the most innovative and affordable CRM solution in the market. With Sugar’s all-inclusive functionality, anyone can be a game-changer, bringing... Read moreAbout TenfoldTenfold is a phone intelligence solution which unifies a user’s phone system and CRM platform;
All calls made on your phone will be automatically logged in SugarCRM,
allowing them to work together, and streamline the customer experience.  Read moreOur Customers Have Captured InteractionsTextChatsCallsEmails100% Data CaptureTenfold automatically captures every interaction and natively integrates with all
communication platforms including SugarCRM360-Degree ViewTenfold provides immediate transparency across all departments, specific to the current
customerstateEase of ImplementationThere is minimal change to end user behavior and as always, no change in existing
infrastructure is required with the Tenfold and SugarCRMintegrationAdherenceWith Tenfold, you also have the ability to innovate by leveraging your current tech stack
and operate within current security requirementsPreviousNextCapture 100% of your
customer interactions 80% of customer engagement data is missingRunning a modern day business is like having a bad set of windshield wipers in a storm, you get 20%
visibility into the activity that your team is doing and not enough to really know what is going on.
Tenfold installs a new set of windshield wipers that gives you 100% visibility into your business. Native integration with all communication platformsTenfold provides automatic capture of customer interaction data in real-time with minimal change to end user behaviors as well as the flexibility to add/change systems without hidden costs or service fees.Start Now to Improve Your Calls and Automate Your Call LogsGet Started NowActions from your calls to SugarCRMCreate Tasks in SugarCRM from Stage2Create Contacts in SugarCRM from Stage2Create Leads in SugarCRM from Stage2Create Accounts in SugarCRM from Stage2Create Call in SugarCRM from Stage2Create Activity in SugarCRM from Stage2Call Recording in SugarCRM from Stage2Auto-Dialer & Power Dialer in SugarCRM from Stage2Click to Dial in SugarCRM from Stage2Call Analytics & Call Tracking in SugarCRM from Stage2Local Presence in SugarCRM from Stage2Stage2 CompatibilityWe work with all versionsSugarCRM CompatibilityCallinize works on all flavors of SugarCRM; On Premise and OnDemand.SugarCRM Community Edition (CE)SugarCRM ProSugarCRM CorporateSugarCRM UltimateSugarCRM On DemandSugarCRM Open Cloud (European On Demand)Versions:6.4.x6.5.x6.6.x6.7.x7.0.x7.1.x7.2.x7.5.xCall usWe're here to help you.(415) 599-1170Request a Demo See how you can enforce sales best practices with Tenfold. Request a DemoSchedule a ConversationOur solution consultants are here to answer all of your questions.Talk with a Specialist×About Stage2Stage 2 Networks is reputed for their easily scalable business communications and data solutions. Founded in 2005, the New York-headquartered company is led by Founder and Chairman Joseph P. Gillette, an experienced hand in the telecommunications business. He founded Gillette Global Network Inc. and led the company as its CEO before starting Stage 2 Networks.With separate voice and connectivity solutions, Stage 2 Networks caters to a range of different business communication needs. The company’s unified communications system—Halo—seamlessly connects Voice, Video, Instant Messaging, Presence and Desktop Sharing to enable users to stay connected through any device. It is compatible with Windows, Mac OS X, iOS, and Android. The call reporting system—PRISM—provides call reporting services and real-time tracking of inbound and outbound calls. It also tracks abandoned calls, waiting time, and average talk time to aid in tracking performance. The reports can also be viewed from any device. Stage 2’s iO Complete is a cloud solution that combines the features of on-premises services with the mobility of cloud-based services. It can be easily integrated with Polycom phones and connected to the LAN infrastructure for high-quality voice and video calls. iO Connect – PBX Voice is a solution that provides both Direct SIP Trunking and ISDN PRI services for existing PBX systems, even legacy PBX systems. Service on PBX phones can be enhanced through Ethernet over Copper (EoC), Ethernet over Fiber (EoF), or specialized Quantum MPLS network.Stage 2’s AXIS is a scalable, full-feature cloud call center solution that can be customized for small businesses or large enterprises. It comes with multiple directories option and outlook integration to assist call center agents. Advanced call monitoring, queue management, and reporting features make it a useful tool for supervisors. Stage 2 also provides internet connectivity solutions in addition to business communication solutions. Quantum is a cost-effective networking platform, powered by Stage, that has a built-in dynamic bandwidth allocation system.In 2014, Stage 2 Networks won the Stevie Award for The Sales Department of the Year and Customer Service Department of the year in the Telecommunications category. The company also received the Gold Award for Executive of the Year (2012) and the Silver Award for Company of the Year (2012) at the 10th Annual American Business Awards in New York.×About SugarCRMSugarCRM markets itself as a solution for complicated CRM platforms. It boasts a simple user interface, an industry-leading customer experience, and an intuitive customization platform.Based in Cupertino, California, SugarCRM was founded in 2004 by Clint Oram, John Roberts, and Jacob Taylor. The startup received $2 million funding from American businessman and venture capitalist Josh Stein within the same year, allowing it to expand quickly. SugarCRM also received $86 million of venture capital from Draper Fisher Jurvetson, Walden International, New Enterprise Associates, and Goldman Sachs.Now recognized as a CRM visionary and innovator, SugarCRM is used by more than two million users in over 120 countries and 26 languages. The private company operates from several global offices in New York City, Raleigh, London, Munich, Minsk, Mexico City, Sao Paulo, Sydney, and Hong Kong.SugarCRM’s flagship product is Sugar, a web application that focuses on sales force automation, marketing campaigns, customer support, collaboration, mobile CRM, social CRM, and reporting. It can easily integrate with any application and can be optimized for use on several devices.Sugar’s Sales CRM platform is used for account and opportunity management. It also creates a collaborative environment to harness the power of the whole organization. Other features of Sales CRM include process automation, pipeline management, sales analytics, mobile productivity, and sales prospecting.The Customer Service CRM aspect of Sugar delivers rich insight by automating complex business processes and driving both internal and customer collaboration. Marketing is made easy through prospect and customer targeting, campaign management, lead management, and marketing analytics. Sugar also has native mobile apps for popular phones and tablets for maximum mobile productivity. Other features include flexible deployment options, activity streams, deep integrations, a self-service portal, and multicurrency support. The platform can be accessed in 35 languages, with 80 more available in language packs. It comes in three editions, namely Sugar Professional, Sugar Enterprise, and Sugar Ultimate.SugarCRM has won a number of awards over the years. When it was just starting out, the company was named Project of the Month by Sourceforge. It won the 2015 CRM Excellence Award and the 2015 CRM Product of the Year from Network Computing Awards. It has also been named as PCMag’s Business Choice Award for CRM within the same year.In 2016, SugarCRM was named as Customer Product of the Year by CUSTOMER Magazine. It was also recognized as a market leader by the CRM Market Awards. SugarCRM also made it to the Forbes Cloud 100 List.   ×Get the best content on optimizing revenue performance delivered to your inbox.If you are a human and are seeing this field, please leave it blank.Fields marked with an * are requiredEmail *         