    H. Stansbury | ariba.net | ZoomInfo.com 



Coupa Welcomes H. Tayloe Stansbury to Its Board of Directors | Business Wire
























































Coupa Welcomes H. Tayloe Stansbury to Its Board of Directors






October 15, 2015 09:00 AM Eastern Daylight Time



SAN MATEO, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Coupa Software, the leader in cloud-based spend management, announced 
      today that H. Tayloe Stansbury has been appointed to its board of 
      directors. Stansbury is a recognized and respected technology and 
      business leader with more than 30 years of experience, including more 
      than 15 years as a senior executive in public software companies.
    


      Since 2009, Stansbury has worked at Intuit, where he is executive vice 
      president and chief technology officer, with responsibility for all 
      product engineering and information technology. He previously served as 
      chief information officer at VMware. Earlier he was executive vice 
      president of Ariba, where he led product management, engineering, 
      hosting and customer support. Before that he held executive engineering 
      and general management roles at Calico Commerce and Xerox. In addition, 
      he led developer tools and engineering groups at Borland International 
      and Sun Microsystems, and did research in computational linguistics at 
      Xerox PARC.
    

      Stansbury’s experience also includes serving on the board of directors 
      for several nonprofit organizations. Currently, he is trustee and chair 
      of the advancement committee at Harvey Mudd College, and was 
      instrumental in launching the college’s first capital campaign in more 
      than 15 years.
    

      Stansbury graduated with honors in applied mathematics from Harvard 
      University, and completed graduate coursework at Stanford University in 
      computer science, linguistics, and mathematics.
    

      “I am proud to welcome such an experienced industry professional as 
      Tayloe Stansbury to our board,” said Rob 
      Bernshteyn, CEO of Coupa. “Tayloe brings technology talent, deep 
      expertise and thought-leadership to the table. We are very fortunate to 
      have him as part of our board, and we look forward to leveraging his 
      contributions to propel Coupa even further.”
    

      “I am delighted to be a part of Coupa’s board of directors,” Stansbury 
      said. “The spend management market is undergoing rapid growth fueled by 
      the increased demand for every employee to help their company save 
      money. The outlook is very promising for Coupa, and I look forward to 
      contributing to the advancement of the organization.”
    

About Coupa Software


      Coupa Software is the leading provider of cloud-based financial 
      applications. More than 500 customers 
      in over 40 countries, including Sanofi, Salesforce.com, BNP Paribas 
      North America, NEC, Royal Bank of Canada, Swiss Re, and Highmark Health 
      use the Coupa suite of financial applications to support business 
      agility and reduce costs. Coupa provides a suite of true cloud 
      applications for finance, including accounts payable, sourcing, 
      procurement and expense management that allows customers to realise a 
      return on their investment within a few months and savings that 
      continually impact the bottom line. Learn more at www.coupa.com. 
      Read more on the Coupa 
      Blog or follow @Coupa 
      on Twitter.
    




Contacts

      Coupa SoftwareOrlando De Bruce, (650)-485-8629 (O)Global 
      Public Relationsorlando.debruce@coupa.com
















Release Summary
Coupa Software, the leader in cloud-based spend management, announced today that H. Tayloe Stansbury has been appointed to its board of directors.






Contacts

      Coupa SoftwareOrlando De Bruce, (650)-485-8629 (O)Global 
      Public Relationsorlando.debruce@coupa.com









 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up












    H. Stansbury | ariba.net | ZoomInfo.com


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft



























Executive Profiles - Tayloe Stansbury - Intuit








































 

TurboTax
QuickBooks
ProConnect
Mint







Country
Security









Input Label






















PRODUCTS

For Individuals
QuickBooks Self-Employed
Mint
TurboTax



For Small Business
QuickBooks
QuickBooks Checks & Supplies
Intuit Payroll Services
QuickBooks Payments



For Accountants
ProConnect Tax Online
ProSeries
Lacerte
QuickBooks for Accountants


See All Intuit Products


COMMUNITIES

Blogs
QuickBooks Blog
Firm of the Future
Tax Pro Center
TurboTax Blog
Communities
QuickBooks Resource Center
TurboTax AnswerXchange


See All


SUPPORT

QuickBooks Support
Intuit Payroll Support
TurboTax Help


See All


COMPANY

About
Investor Relations
Press Room
Working with Intuit
Social Responsibility
Careers


See All


Sign In

QuickBooks Online
Intuit Online Payroll
QuickBooks Payments
TurboTax


Other Services


  
 
 
 
 






















Corporate Profile
Executive Profiles
Operating Values
Fast Facts
Diversity and Inclusion
Locations


Investor Relations
Press Room
Press Releases
Intuit Logos
Press Kits
Media Contacts


Working with Intuit
Supplier Code of Conduct
How to Become a Supplier
Contact Procurement


Social Responsibility
Corporate Sustainability
Alliances With Nonprofits
Employee Giving
Product Donations
Free Tax Prep and Filing
Philanthropic Programs


Careers at Intuit
Contact Us










Executive Profiles












 
View photo
 






H. Tayloe Stansbury


Executive Vice President, Chief Technology Officer


H. Tayloe Stansbury is executive vice president and chief technology officer with responsibility for all product engineering and information technology. He joined the company in May 2009.

 Stansbury has more than 30 years of experience as a technology and business leader, including more than 15 years as a senior executive in public software companies. He previously served as chief information officer of VMware. Earlier he was executive vice president of Ariba, where he led product management, engineering, hosting and customer support.
 
Before that he held executive engineering and general management roles at Calico Commerce and Xerox. In addition, he led developer tools engineering groups at Borland International and Sun Microsystems, and did research in computational linguistics at Xerox PARC.
 
Stansbury serves on the board of directors for Coupa Software, the leader in cloud-based spend management. He is also on the board of directors of Shutterfly, the leading manufacturer and digital retailer of personalized products and services offered through lifestyle brands. In addition, Stansbury has served on the board of directors for several nonprofit organizations, most recently Harvey Mudd College, where he is trustee emeritus. 

Stansbury earned his Bachelor of Arts degree with honors in applied mathematics from Harvard University. He also completed graduate coursework at Stanford University in computer science, linguistics and mathematics.

































Tayloe H. Stansbury - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Tayloe H. Stansbury
Board Member at Coupa Software Incorporated


View Full Profile
Are you Tayloe H. Stansbury? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Tayloe H. Stansbury's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Tayloe H. Stansbury's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Tayloe H. Stansbury's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Tayloe H. Stansbury through your network of contacts.
												








Tayloe H. Stansbury's Executive Work History


Current


Board Member, 
Coupa Software Incorporated


Past
To view Tayloe H. Stansbury's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
55

 
 


Tayloe H. Stansbury's Biography



Tayloe Stansbury has served as a member of our board of directors since December 2015. Since May 2009, Mr. Stansbury has served in various roles at Intuit Inc., most recently as Executive Vice President and Chief Technology Officer. From December 2007 to May 2009, Mr. Stansbury served as Chief Information Officer of VMware Inc. From February 2001 to December 2007, Mr. Stansbury served in various roles at Ariba, Inc., most recently as Executive Vice President of Products and Operations. Mr. Stansbury holds an A.B. in Applied Mathematics from Harvard University. We believe Mr. Stansbury should serve as a director based on his extensive experien ...
(Read More)

			Tayloe Stansbury has served as a member of our board of directors since December 2015. Since May 2009, Mr. Stansbury has served in various roles at Intuit Inc., most recently as Executive Vice President and Chief Technology Officer. From December 2007 to May 2009, Mr. Stansbury served as Chief Information Officer of VMware Inc. From February 2001 to December 2007, Mr. Stansbury served in various roles at Ariba, Inc., most recently as Executive Vice President of Products and Operations. Mr. Stansbury holds an A.B. in Applied Mathematics from Harvard University. We believe Mr. Stansbury should serve as a director based on his extensive experience in general management and software and platform development and his experience in the software industry.
		
Source: Coupa Software Incorporated on 10/06/2016
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Tayloe H. Stansbury's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Tayloe H. Stansbury. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Tayloe H. Stansbury's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Tayloe H. Stansbury's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Tayloe H. Stansbury through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Tayloe H. Stansbury


















Tayloe H. Stansbury's Connections (8)





Sign up now to view Tayloe H. Stansbury's 8 connections »









Robert Bernshteyn
Dir. and Chief Executive Officer, Coupa Software Incorporated









Leslie C. Campbell
Board Member, Coupa Software Incorporated









Roger S. Siboni
Board Member, Cadence Design Systems, Inc.









Frank van Veenendaal
Board Member, Coupa Software Incorporated









Todd R. Ford
Chief Financial Officer, Coupa Software Incorporated









Scott Thompson
Board Member, Coupa Software Incorporated









Tom Aitchison
Executive Vice President, Global Sales, Coupa Software Incorporated









Charles Beeler
Board Member, Coupa Software Incorporated








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993






















































Tayloe Stansbury | UCSB's Technology Management Program


























Skip to main content

 Search form  UCSB's Technology Management Program Home >> About >> People >> Tayloe Stansbury  Tayloe StansburyVice President and Chief Technology Officer, IntuitH. Tayloe Stansbury is a recognized and respected technology and business leader with more than 30 years of experience, including more than 15 years as a senior executive in public software companies.Tayloe currently serves as executive vice president and chief technology officer of Intuit (NASDAQ:INTU), with responsibility for all product engineering and information technology. He previously served as chief information officer of VMware. Earlier he was executive vice president of Ariba, where he led product management, engineering, hosting and customer support. Before that he held executive engineering and general management roles at Calico Commerce and Xerox. In addition, he led developer tools engineering groups at Borland International and Sun Microsystems, and did research in computational linguistics at Xerox PARC.Tayloe’s experience also includes serving on the board of directors for Coupa Software, the leader in cloud-based spend management, in addition to several nonprofit organizations. Currently, he is trustee and chair of the advancement committee at Harvey Mudd College, and was instrumental in launching the college’s first capital campaign in more than 15 years.Tayloe earned his Bachelor of Arts degree with honors in applied mathematics from Harvard University. He also completed graduate coursework at Stanford University in computer science, linguistics, and mathematics.Print   


