










 













 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Standard General L.P.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 5:18 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Standard General L.P.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Standard General L.P. is a privately owned hedge fund sponsor. It provides its services to investment advisory services, certain private investment funds and single investor funds trusts, pension funds. The firm manages separate client-focused portfolios. It launches and manages hedge funds for its clients. The firm invests in the public equity and fixed income markets. It primarily invests in mis-priced securities. The firm employs combination of fundamental and quantitative analysis to create its portfolio. Standard General L.P. was founded in 2007 and is based in New York, New York.


767 Fifth Avenue12th FloorNew York, NY 10153United StatesFounded in 2007



Phone: 212-257-4701

Fax: 212-257-4709

www.standardgenerallp.com







Key Executives for Standard General L.P.




Mr. Soohyung Kim


      	Founding Partner, Chief Executive Officer, Managing Partner, and Chief Investment Officer 
      


Age: 42
        







Mr. Joseph Daniel Mause


      	Chief Financial Officer and Chief Compliance Officer
      








Mr. Stephen Samuel Usher


      	Partner
      








Mr. Joseph P. Schlater


      	Director of Business Development
      








Mr. Andrew Glaze


      	Analyst
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Bankruptcy

			      March 8, 2017
			    
General Wireless Operations Inc.



Merger/Acquisition

			      February 21, 2017
			    
FBR & Co.



Merger/Acquisition

			      November 25, 2016
			    
Turning Point Brands, Inc.





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Standard General L.P., please visit www.standardgenerallp.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Retail Industry Trends - Consumer Information - Consumer News


























Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets After Hours



Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers

















  
      Retail
    






What’s really happening with Target’s Cartwheel app

					Shoppers have been trying to find the truth in online rumors about Cartwheel
					
					
6 min ago5:11 p.m. July 28, 2017








S&P 500, Nasdaq finish lower after Amazon disappointment; Dow closes at record

					The S&P 500 and Nasdaq both finish slightly lower on Friday for weekly losses as Amazon.com shares slump on disappointing earnings, while the Dow industrials finishes at a record for a weekly gain.
					
					
45 min ago4:33 p.m. July 28, 2017








5 weird things I found out about America in my first 24 hours 

					‘I landed wide-eyed in New York City and was immediately nickel-and-dimed.’
					
					
52 min ago4:26 p.m. July 28, 2017









        Retail Headlines
    



Goodyear stock stumbles 11% after quarter ‘played out differently than we expected’
              
              Shares of Goodyear are on pace for their lowest close in six months after company cut its outlook.              
              
            

57 min ago4:21 p.m. July 28, 2017







Amazon’s stock drop after results is the smallest in seven years
              
              Amazon’s post-earnings decline slashed $12.5 billion in market cap from the e-commerce giant, the one-day post earnings decline was the smallest in 7 years.              
              
            

4:08 p.m.  Today4:08 p.m. July 28, 2017







Is your Amazon sale item truly discounted? Here’s how to find out
              
              The Federal Trade Commission is reportedly looking into the company’s pricing policy.              
              
            

3:15 p.m.  Today3:15 p.m. July 28, 2017







Investment chief who manages $19 billion sees big gains on the ‘frontier’
              
              Sandra Ackermann-Schaufler of SEI Investments says countries in ‘frontier markets’ can have superior growth to developed and emerging-market countries.              
              
            

2:53 p.m.  Today2:53 p.m. July 28, 2017







This fund strategist says there’s at least one way companies can survive Amazon’s onslaught
              
              Customer satisfaction is a differentiator in some industries, says ACSI Funds’ Kevin Quigg.              
              
            

2:50 p.m.  Today2:50 p.m. July 28, 2017







Weekend roundup: Amazon’s spending | Surviving Amazon |  Caterpillar’s comeback
              
              Here are MarketWatch articles to read this weekend.              
              
            

2:50 p.m.  Today2:50 p.m. July 28, 2017







Health-care fund managers say a spike in drugs and devices will produce big returns
              
              Higher-quality applications to the FDA could ignite health-care stocks, according to the managers of the Janus Henderson Global Life Sciences Fund.              
              
            

2:50 p.m.  Today2:50 p.m. July 28, 2017






Under Armour's stock's low price doesn't mean it is cheap
              
              Shares of Under Armour Inc.  slipped 0.4% in afternoon trade Friday, with Instinet analyst Simeon Siegel reiterating his bearish stance ahead of the athletic apparel maker's second-quarter results due out next week. The company is scheduled to reveal its second-quarter report before Tuesday's open, with analysts surveyed by FactSet expecting a second-straight quarterly loss. With the stock shedding 33% so far this year, Siegel said sentiment is already poor, but that's unlikely to change given that investor concerns are growing. "We remain concerned over shares of [Under Armour] due to cautious channel checks and the potential for a shift in the perceived growth [opportunity] may ultimately place a focus on profitability metrics, any of which paint the shares as quite expensive," Siegel wrote in a note to clients. He reiterated his reduce rating and his stock price target at $15,  which is 22% below current levels. While Under Armour's stock has tanked this year, rival Nike Inc.'s shares  have rallied 15% year to date and the S&P 500  has climbed 10%.              
              
            

2:03 p.m.  Today2:03 p.m. July 28, 2017








				Video
		



How to curb your social media addiction









4af3cb2c-2a1b-4ed6-93c2-a15386fa0b9f

How to curb your social media addiction 1:32
					

56f033d0-e9bb-4b74-8889-dafd6452a80e

What Trump's vow to repeal Dodd-Frank means for banks 2:32
					

a4906b47-64bb-427d-984d-404a2bb597e7

What 'Flash Boys' Brad Katsuyama thinks is killing Wall Street trade 3:26
					

34c38fb4-2818-4c49-a248-bb2b3086d933

Before NASA can send humans to Mars, it needs to solve these problems 2:32
					



54948a7f-ee13-4bcc-8098-22a2a78b7192

First Look: An E-bike That Fits in Your Backpack 1:26
					

317146a2-6a70-40b8-9159-8e7ba8b27210

Here are the Five Worst Travel Mistakes You're Making 1:42
					

557c9a04-9153-417e-a58a-931ab36cac09

A Divided Turkey Celebrates Failed Coup 2:03
					

1b77410b-8daf-4e83-b4cd-25d30f89815e

What marriage-phobic millennials mean for the wedding-ring industry 2:14
					



193c5fed-622f-4810-b9cf-313b04fc8888

3D-Printed Hair System Helps Cancer Survivor Move On 3:35
					

9319c49e-5f2f-4d4a-b40a-1453ad867043

How the rise of drones is posing a major security nightmare 2:22
					






        More Retail Stories
    


Stitch Fix has confidentially filed to go public: report

1:34 p.m.  Today1:34 p.m. July 28, 2017






Get ready for the less-profitable Amazon that you used to know 

1:30 p.m.  Today1:30 p.m. July 28, 2017






The states where people spend the most on lotto tickets

1:27 p.m.  Today1:27 p.m. July 28, 2017






Starbucks’ Teavana stores are the latest casualty at the mall

1:25 p.m.  Today1:25 p.m. July 28, 2017






All the companies in Jeff Bezos’s empire, in one (large) chart

1:16 p.m.  Today1:16 p.m. July 28, 2017






European stocks end at 3-month low as UBS falls, tech worries weigh 

1:12 p.m.  Today1:12 p.m. July 28, 2017






FTSE 100 closes sharply lower in tobacco-led stock rout

12:51 p.m.  Today12:51 p.m. July 28, 2017






Amazon’s free-spending ways hit earnings, but don’t expect a shift to thrift

12:19 p.m.  Today12:19 p.m. July 28, 2017



















Most Popular





1.






All the companies in Jeff Bezos’s empire, in one (large) chart






2.





Market Snapshot

Stock market lower after Amazon disappointment, but pares losses






3.





MarketWatch First Take

Intel earnings have message for AMD and Nvidia: ‘Bring it on’






4.





The Ratings Game

Get ready for the less-profitable Amazon that you used to know 






5.





SectorWatch

How 3D full-body scans will change everything from fitness to fashion










Find a Broker

Partner Center »

















            SPONSORED SECTIONS
    


Compare current broker offers 






Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




5:18 PM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	After


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
5:17pPriebus departs as chief of staff as Trump turns to Kelly
5:12pWhat’s really happening with Target’s Cartwheel app
5:00pWall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
4:56pBREAKINGIn a tweet, Trump names Gen. Kelly his new chief of staff
4:56pMattel could get wrecked by weak ‘Cars 3’ toy sales
4:55pThis 1 number sums up why that Foxconn deal is over-the-top bad for Wisconsin
4:51pBREAKINGTrump tweets he's named a new chief of staff, John Kelly
4:42pWall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
4:34pLong-dated Treasury yields see weekly climb 
4:33pS&P 500, Nasdaq finish lower after Amazon disappointment; Dow closes at record
4:32pThe highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart
4:32pHow to raise your kids to be frugal (but not too frugal)
4:31pCities to move to if you want to work in tech — NOT including San Francisco
4:31pWhat Donald Trump’s battle of wills with Jeff Sessions teaches you about a difficult boss
4:31pOne way you’re paying credit-card fees, even if you don’t have a card
4:30pTrump, Russia and Sanctions: What We Know 
4:30pThis is the worst mistake people make at work
4:30pMove over, breathalyzers; ‘textalyzers’ could be used on drivers’ phones 
4:29pJared Kushner’s unorthodox approach to meetings is a cautionary tale for office workers everywhere
4:28pHere’s how much you should spend on a yoga mat 
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,830.31

+33.76
+0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,374.68

-7.51
-0.12%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.10

-3.32
-0.13%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15
























































Standard General





















Terms of Use
Effective as of May 1, 2014
Thank you for visiting our website.
Agreement
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS (THE “TERMS”) CAREFULLY BEFORE USING OUR WEBSITE (THE “SITE”). THE SITE IS AVAILABLE ONLY TO, AND MAY ONLY BE USED BY, INDIVIDUALS WHO CAN FORM LEGALLY BINDING CONTRACTS UNDER APPLICABLE LAW.  WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, THE SITE IS NOT AVAILABLE TO PERSONS UNDER AGE 18.  BY ACCESSING THIS SITE AND ANY PAGES THEREOF, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE YOUR UNDERSTANDING OF, ACCEPT WITHOUT LIMITATION OR QUALIFICATION, AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY, THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS HEREIN AND AS MODIFIED FROM TIME TO TIME. THESE TERMS, INCLUDING ALL DOCUMENTS REFERENCED HEREIN, CONSTITUTE A BINDING AGREEMENT BETWEEN YOU AND STANDARD GENERAL AND GOVERNS YOUR ACCESS TO AND USE OF THE SITE.  EACH TIME YOU USE THE SITE, YOUR USE INDICATES YOUR FULL ACCEPTANCE OF AND AGREEMENT TO ABIDE BY THESE TERMS IN THEIR THEN CURRENT FORM.  IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS BELOW, DO NOT ACCESS THIS SITE, OR ANY PAGES THEREOF.
Standard General L.P. and its affiliates (collectively, “Standard General”) reserve the right to change, modify, add or remove portions of the Terms or other documents referenced herein at any time for any reason, without notice, and in our sole discretion.
Confidentiality
By accessing the Site, the recipient agrees that it will, and it will cause its directors, partners, officers, employees, affiliates and representatives, to use such information only to evaluate its potential interest in any fund or account managed by Standard General (the “Funds”) and for no other purpose and not divulge any such information to any other party.  Any reproduction of such information, in whole or in part, is prohibited.
Use of This Website
This Site is owned and operated by, or on behalf of, Standard General. Access, distribution and/or use of this Site is subject to all applicable laws and regulations. To the extent that access, distribution and/or use of this Site would be deemed illegal by applicable law, such access, distribution and/or use is prohibited.
Authorized users of this Site include existing clients of Standard General, existing investors in its Funds, qualified prospective clients and investors of Standard General and the Funds, and any other users authorized by Standard General.  Standard General grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable and limited personal license to access and use the Site for your personal and non-commercial use, conditioned on your continued compliance with these Terms. As an authorized user, you represent and warrant that you have full authority and all rights necessary to enter into and fully perform all of your obligations pursuant to these Terms, will be responsible for all activity on the Site and will not delete any material nor violate or attempt to violate the security of the Site.  In addition, you may not modify, copy (except as set forth below), distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, create derivative works from, transfer, or sell any information, products or services obtained from the Site. You may not link other websites to the Site without Standard General’s prior written permission.  Unauthorized access to and/or use of this Site, including but not limited to misuse of posted information, is strictly prohibited.
You are prohibited from using the Site to advertise or perform any commercial solicitation. You also are prohibited from using any robot, spider, scraper or other automated means to access the Site for any purpose without the prior written permission of Standard General. You may not take any action that imposes, or may impose, in our sole discretion, an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on Standard General’s infrastructure, interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Site or any activities conducted on the Site, or bypass any measures that we may use to prevent or restrict access to the Site. You shall not, directly or indirectly, reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, translate or convert any computer programs used to access the Site.  Any special rules for the use of certain software and other content accessible on the Site may be included elsewhere within the Site and are incorporated into these Terms by reference.  Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved.
Registration Information
Investors currently holding interests in Funds will be provided login credentials by Standard General or its administrator to access additional material and information on the administrator’s website.  If you are a current investor and have not received such login credentials, please contact Standard General’s administrator to obtain access to its website.
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your login credentials.  You are entirely responsible for any and all activities which occur under your login credentials whether or not authorized by you.  Although Standard General will not be liable for losses caused by any unauthorized use of your account on the administrator’s website, you may be liable for the losses of Standard General or others due to such unauthorized use.
You may not allow others to use your login credentials. If you know or believe that your login credentials have been compromised for any reason, you should contact Standard General’s administrator immediately to request new login credentials. If you provide your login credentials to any third party, you will be solely responsible for any actions taken by such third party using your login credentials.
Non-European Investors
Accessing the Site and the information that it contains constitutes a request by you, at your initiative, to be provided with information about the Funds.  Neither Standard General, nor any of its affiliates, intends to actively market any Funds to investors in the European Union or the European Economic Area and, therefore, Standard General is outside the scope of the Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive (Directive 2011/61/EU) (the “AIFMD”) and is not subject to the requirements of the AIFMD.   If you are a prospective investor located in, or have your registered office in, the European Union or the European Economic Area, as a condition to your use of this Site, you represent that you acknowledge and understand that the information contained on this Site may not include information that Standard General would have been required to provide to you, or to otherwise make public, had either Standard General been required to comply with the AIFMD, and Standard General may not provide to you such information or sales materials which would otherwise have been required by the AIFMD.
Forward Looking Statements
THE SITE MAY INCLUDE FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS THAT INVOLVE RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES CONCERNING THE OPERATIONS, PROSPECTS, STRATEGIES, FINANCIAL CONDITION AND FUTURE ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE OF STANDARD GENERAL’S BUSINESSES, AND OF THE FUNDS MANAGED BY STANDARD GENERAL AS WELL AS STANDARD GENERAL’S INTENTIONS, PLANS AND OBJECTIVES, THAT ARE BEYOND THE CONTROL OF STANDARD GENERAL. THESE STATEMENTS ARE BASED UPON A NUMBER OF ASSUMPTIONS AND ESTIMATES WHICH ARE SUBJECT TO SIGNIFICANT UNCERTAINTIES, MANY OF WHICH ARE BEYOND THE CONTROL OF STANDARD GENERAL. WHEN USED ON THE SITE, WORDS LIKE “ANTICIPATES,” “EXPECTS,” “BELIEVES,” “ESTIMATES,” “SEEKS,” “PLANS,” “INTENDS,” “WILL” AND SIMILAR EXPRESSIONS ARE INTENDED TO IDENTIFY FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS DESIGNED TO FALL WITHIN SECURITIES LAW SAFE HARBORS FOR FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS. THE SITE AND THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN DO NOT CONSTITUTE AN OFFER OR SOLICITATION OF AN OFFER FOR SALE OF ANY SECURITIES. NONE OF THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN IS INTENDED TO BE, AND SHALL NOT BE DEEMED TO BE, INCORPORATED INTO ANY OF OUR SECURITIES OFFERING MATERIALS, SECURITIES FILINGS OR DOCUMENTS.
Ownership of Content
The Site and all of its content, including but not limited to all text, graphics, charts, audio, logos, images, data compilations, icons, code and software (“Content”), are the property of Standard General and are protected by U.S. and international copyright and other intellectual property and related laws, rules and regulations, with all rights reserved unless otherwise noted.  All trademarks, service marks, trade names and other product and service names and logos displayed on the Site are proprietary to Standard General, including all registered and unregistered trademarks and service marks of Standard General.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Site includes any trademarks, service marks, trade names or logos of any third parties, such items are the proprietary marks and names of their respective owners, and are protected by applicable trademark and intellectual property laws (See “Privacy” below for additional information).  Nothing contained on the Site should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any trademark displayed on this Site without the prior written permission of Standard General or such third party that may own the trademarks displayed on this Site. You may not use the trademarks displayed on the Site.  Your use of any Content, whether owned by Standard General or any third party, without Standard General’s express written permission, is prohibited except as otherwise expressly permitted in these Terms. Without limiting the foregoing, you are prohibited from using any of Standard General’s copyrighted material or trademarks for any purpose, including, but not limited to, use as metatags, links or otherwise on any website, without the prior written permission of Standard General.
Privacy
This Privacy Policy covers only data collected through the Site and not any other data collection or processing, including, without limitation, data collection practices of other websites that are not controlled and/or maintained by Standard General to which we link or data that we or our affiliates collect offline.
With respect to our internal security procedures, Standard General takes reasonable steps to maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards in order to protect your personal data from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. Standard General also requires third party companies that we hire and to whom we disclose data to keep such information confidential and to use it only to provide the services we have contracted with them to perform.
Standard General may, itself or through a third party vendor, collect technical and usage data passively provided through the use of “cookies”, which are small pieces of data sent to your computer browser from our web server and stored on your computer's hard drive, or voluntarily provided by you while visiting the Site. User-provided data may include contact information, information related to the business you represent or information related to the financial information services you have requested.  We may, but have no obligation to, monitor and record activity on the Site for any reason or for no reason. We may investigate any complaint or reported violation of the Terms. We may report any activity that we suspect may violate any law or regulation to regulators, law enforcement officials or other persons or entities that we deem appropriate or take any other action that we deem appropriate.
When you communicate with Standard General electronically, via email or otherwise, you shall have consented to receive electronic communications from Standard General. You agree that all communications (including, but not limited to all notices, agreements and disclosures) provided to you electronically by Standard General satisfy any legal requirement that such communication be in writing.
From time to time, the Site may contain links to other websites that are not controlled and/or maintained by Standard General. Access to and use of such other websites is at your own risk and subject to any terms and conditions of use which govern such websites. By providing such links, Standard General shall not be deemed to endorse, recommend, approve, guarantee or introduce any third parties or their services or products, or any facts, views, advice, information and/or products found on such websites. Standard General is not responsible for the content contained on any such websites, or for the failure of any product or service offered for sale or advertised on any such websites or for any damages that may result therefrom. Copyrights in the materials or information on the linked websites are owned by other organizations. Moreover, such other websites may have privacy policies or terms and conditions of use that differ from those of Standard General and/or may provide their users with less security than the Site. See “Ownership of Content” above for additional information.
Intellectual Property
Standard General values intellectual property and respects the intellectual property rights of others and will remove materials on its Site that infringe the copyrights of others. If you believe that your copyrighted material may have been infringed by material contained on this Site, then pursuant to Title 17, United States Code, § 512, you may notify Standard General's Designated Agent in writing as follows:
			Standard General L.P.
			767 Fifth Avenue, 12th Floor, New York, NY 10153
			(212)257-4701
legal@standgen.com
Indemnity
As a condition of your use of the Site, you hereby agree to indemnify and hold Standard General and its officers, directors, members, principals, investors, agents, and employees harmless from and against any and all claims, losses, liability, costs and expenses (including but not limited to attorney’s fees), as incurred, arising from your use of the Site or related services or from your violation of the Terms.  You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Standard General, its parent, subsidiary and affiliated entities and each of their respective owners, officers, directors, employees and agents from and against any and all claims, demands, losses, liabilities, damages, costs and expenses (including but not limited to attorney’s fees) arising from or in connection with your use of the Site and/or any violation of these Terms. You agree that your representations and warranties and your obligation to indemnify Standard General shall survive beyond any term that these are in effect.
Miscellaneous
You agree that no joint venture, partnership, employment or agency relationship exists between you and Standard General as a result of these Terms or use of the Site.
Standard General’s performance of these Terms is subject to existing laws and legal process, and nothing in these Terms is in derogation of Standard General’s right to comply with law enforcement requests or requirements relating to your use of the Site or information provided to or gathered by Standard General with respect to such use.
By reviewing or using the information on the Site after accessing the Site, you represent and warrant that (a) you have the authority to enter into these Terms and create a binding contractual obligation, (b) you understand and intend these Terms to be the legal equivalent of a signed, written contract equally binding, and (c) you will use the information on the Site in a manner consistent with applicable laws and regulations and in accordance with these Terms, as Standard General may amend them online or otherwise from time to time. A printed version of these Terms and of any notice given in electronic form shall be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based on or relating to these Terms to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form.
			These Terms constitute the entire agreement between you and Standard General with respect to the Site and they supersede all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals, whether electronic, oral or written, between you and Standard General with respect to the Site.  No delay or failure on the part of either party in exercising any right or remedy hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof or of any other right or remedy.  No waiver whatsoever shall be valid unless in writing, signed by the party to be charged, and then only to the extent therein set forth.
You shall not assign or otherwise transfer these Terms, in whole or in part, or delegate or subcontract any of its rights or obligations hereunder, without Standard General’s prior written consent.  Any attempted transfer or delegation by you without Standard General’s consent will be void.  These Terms will bind and inure to the benefit of each party’s successors and permitted assigns.
Governing Law
Use of this Site and these Terms shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York of the United States of America, without regard to its conflict of law provisions. If any portion of these Terms is deemed unenforceable, unlawful or void by a Court of competent jurisdiction, then that portion of the Terms will be deemed severable and will not affect the enforceability or validity of the remaining portions of these Terms.
Standard General does not claim that materials in the Site are appropriate or available for use in locations other than those within the United States. If you choose to access the Site from other locations, you do so on your own initiative, and you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws.
If you have any questions or comments concerning our Site or these Terms, please contact us at:
			Standard General L.P.
			767 Fifth Avenue, 12th Floor, New York, NY 10153
			(212)257-4701
legal@standgen.com



Disclaimer
Effective as of May 1, 2014
The information contained herein is confidential information regarding Standard General L.P. and its affiliates (collectively, “Standard General”).  Material presented herein is believed to be reliable, but none of Standard General or any of its affiliates or employees makes any representation or warranty, express or implied, as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained herein and nothing contained herein shall be relied upon as such or as a promise or representation as to the past or future performance of any funds or accounts managed by Standard General (the “Funds”).  Information and opinions are as of the date stated above only and are subject to change without notice.  Standard General has no obligation to inform the recipient when information contained herein changes or is updated.  Additional information is available on request.  You acknowledge that any of your requests for information are unsolicited and information provided or made available by Standard General shall neither constitute nor be construed as investment advice from Standard General to you or to form an investment advisory relationship, or any other client relationship between you and Standard General.  Standard General is not responsible for any damages or loss related to the use of the website or any materials contained herein or from any computer virus, malfunction or other failure.
The content and information contained on Standard General’s website has been prepared solely for informational purposes and do not constitute investment advice, or legal or tax advice, or an offer to buy or sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy or sell any security or to participate in any trading strategy.  If any offer of securities is made, it shall be made pursuant to a definitive offering memorandum (the “Offering Memorandum”) prepared by or on behalf of the relevant Fund that would contain material information not contained herein and that would supersede this information in its entirety.  Any investment in any privately offered investment product involves a high degree of risk and is suitable only for sophisticated investors.  Any decision to invest in the securities of any Fund should be made after reviewing the applicable definitive Offering Memorandum, conducting such investigations as the investor deems necessary and consulting the investor's own legal, accounting, and tax advisors in order to make an independent determination of the suitability and consequences of an investment in the securities.  The information contained herein is not intended for distribution to or use by any person in any jurisdiction or country where such distribution or use would be contrary to local law or regulation.
This material is intended only to facilitate your discussions with Standard General as to the opportunities available to our clients, is not intended to be used as a general guide to investing, or as a source of any specific investment recommendations, and makes no implied or express recommendations concerning the manner in which any client's account should or would be handled, as appropriate investment strategies depend upon the client's investment objectives.  It should not be assumed that recommendations made in the future will be profitable or will equal the performance of the Funds described on the website.





Firm OverviewInvestment ProcessLeadershipContact UsLogin





Event-Driven Opportunity Funds



Firm Overview
Standard General is a New York-based investment firm that manages event-driven opportunity funds.
We focus on companies with complex capital structures that are undergoing dramatic change or are faced with material events. The key to our investment approach is familiarity with both credit markets and equity investing. Companies in our universe have investable equity and credit components. Our experienced investment professionals analyze how each part of a company's capital structure will act and interact with the whole.
We complement this analysis with an event-driven approach. We seek mispriced opportunities that we anticipate the market will correct, or where we ourselves have the opportunity to create value. We apply this framework in an even-handed manner that generates both long and short investment ideas. Combining a catalyst-dependent focus with our willingness to position ourselves flexibly allows us to target an all-weather stream of returns.  We believe this approach can generate a differentiated and uncorrelated return stream.
Standard General was founded in 2007 and has been a SEC-registered Investment Adviser since 2009. We primarily manage capital for public and private pension plans, endowments, foundations, and high net worth individuals.



Investment Process
Our cross-capital structure approach gives us a broader foundation from which to identify specific events and catalysts.
We seek very specific situations, but we seek them broadly across markets, asset classes, and industries. The strategy allows us to be nimble and to go where markets offer the most compelling risk/reward opportunities. Most investment strategies are compartmentalized by different constraints-limited to debt or equity, by loans or bonds, by credit rating, by market capitalization, or by time horizon. Unencumbered by these restrictions, our strategy is to deploy capital in all of the above areas.
We use our analysis of specific credit considerations such as liquidity, collateral, and covenants to help us evaluate potential investments across capital structures.  Over the years, we have found this especially relevant for public companies that also have a credit component.  We believe we have an advantage over more equity-centric investors when evaluating such companies, as those unaccustomed to evaluating credit may minimize its relevance when markets are uneventful, yet overreact when credit issues loom.  Our cross-capital structure approach gives us a broader foundation from which to identify specific events and catalysts.
The greatest impact of employing this approach, particularly without the constraints of silos or arbitrary limitations, is that we uncover an uncommon pool of situations, which we believe has little overlap with other managers.  We believe that our investors are specifically drawn to our differentiated approach and portfolios.  Over time, this has given us the added advantage of a committed investor base that has allowed us to see events through to their resolution.



Leadership


Soo KimDavid GlazekJoseph MauseStephen UsherGail Steiner

 



Soo Kim, Managing Partner and Chief Investment Officer
			Mr. Kim is the Founding Partner of Standard General and is the Managing Partner and Chief Investment Officer of the firm. Mr. Kim has been investing in event-driven and leveraged company strategies since 1997, including in senior investment positions at Cyrus Capital Partners, where he was a Founding Partner and Director of Research, and at Och-Ziff Capital Management, where he was a Principal and helped launch its fixed income business. Before joining Och-Ziff, he was an analyst for the Capital Management Group at Bankers Trust Company.  He is currently a member of the Board of Directors of Twin River Worldwide Holdings, Inc., the owner and operator of the Twin River Casino in Lincoln, RI and the Hard Rock Hotel and Casino in Biloxi, MS. Mr. Kim is also a Director of Coalition for Queens, a Director of the Cary Institute of Ecosystem Studies, and the President of the Stuyvesant High School Alumni Association. He holds an A.B. from the Woodrow Wilson School of Public and International Affairs at Princeton University.
			

David Glazek, Partner
Mr. Glazek joined Standard General in 2008. He is a Partner and the Portfolio Manager of the SG Special Situations Fund. His responsibilities include investment research and analysis and helping companies that Standard General controls or influences with operational, transactional and financing needs. He was formerly an investment banker at Lazard Frères & Co., where he focused on mergers and acquisitions and corporate restructurings. He has also worked at the Blackstone Group. Mr. Glazek is currently a Director of Turning Point Brands, Inc. and a Manager of Standard Purification Holdings LLC and Donau Carbon USA LLC. He holds a B.A. from the University of Michigan and a J.D. from Columbia Law School.


Joseph Mause, Chief Financial Officer
Mr. Mause joined Standard General in 2009 as a Partner and Chief Financial Officer. He is responsible for accounting, operational, regulatory, and legal aspects of the firm. Mr. Mause has been working in the financial services industry since 1998. He was formerly a Partner and Chief Financial Officer of Latigo Partners, L.P. where he also served as the firm’s Chief Operating Officer. Prior to working at Latigo, Mr. Mause was the Controller at King Street Capital, where he helped build the accounting, finance, and operational infrastructure during a period of rapid growth. Before joining King Street, he spent four years in public accounting. He holds a B.S. in accounting from Brooklyn College.


Stephen Usher, Partner
Mr. Usher joined Standard General in 2009 as a Partner and Head of External Relations. He was formerly a Founding Partner of Serengeti Asset Management, where he managed the firm's business development activity and developed its credit trading desk. Mr. Usher spent more than a decade at Goldman Sachs, during which time he built out Goldman's European distressed bond and bank debt sales and sourcing effort in London, and worked for its distressed bank loan sales and trading group in New York. He began his career at Citibank in leveraged loan sales. Mr. Usher is a member of the Board of Directors of Harlem School of the Arts. He holds a B.A. from Wesleyan University, where he is a member of the President’s Council.


Gail Steiner, Partner, General Counsel and Chief Compliance Officer
Ms. Steiner joined Standard General in 2014 and is a Partner and the General Counsel and Chief Compliance Officer. She was formerly the General Counsel at Young Broadcasting, LLC.  Prior to that, Ms. Steiner was an Assistant Counsel to Governor Andrew Cuomo from 2011 to 2013 and an Associate at Debevoise & Plimpton LLP from 2004 to 2010.  She began her career at Merrill Lynch Asset Management Group. Ms. Steiner holds an A.B. from Stanford University, an M.B.A. from Columbia Business School, and a J.D. from Columbia Law School.










Contact Us


Standard General LP
		767 Fifth Avenue
		12th Floor
		New York, NY 10153
T: 212-257-4701
F: 212-257-4709








Message









				© 2017 Standard General LP   |   Disclaimer   |   Terms of Use









The Tell - MarketWatch.com Topics


























Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets After Hours



Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers















Topics
The Tell




A quarter of S&P 500’s 2017 climb due to five stocks (yes, those five)
8:11 a.m.  Today8:11 a.m. July 28, 2017
					  - By Ryan Vlastelica
		  
Throughout 2017, there’s one acronym that investors have in particular been sinking their teeth into: FAANG.


Donald Trump is winning the currency cold war: Pimco
8:24 a.m. July 27, 2017
					  - By William Watts
		  
The Trump administration’s trade bullying “has killed the dollar bull,” says Pimco’s Joachim Fels.


Abnormally placid stock market volatility isn’t just a U.S. thing—it’s global
3:54 p.m. July 26, 2017
					  - By Wallace Witkowski
		  
U.S. stock market investors may be having that squeamish “it’s quiet out there...too quiet” feeling, but the lack of market pullbacks isn’t just limited to domestic markets as one strategist points out, a lack of stock market volatility has become a rare, global phenomenon.


Bitcoin, Ether on track for second straight daily decline
1:30 p.m. July 26, 2017
					  - By Ryan Vlastelica
		  
The price of digital currencies bitcoin and ether fell on Wednesday, putting the pair on track for their second straight decline and extending the downtrend they have been in since hitting records earlier this year.


‘Stealth’ Trump factors are lifting stocks, these strategists say
7:50 a.m. July 26, 2017
					  - By Victor Reklaitis
		  
Markets realize that “the likelihood of President Trump ‘raising’ taxes is nil,” say Voya Investment Management’s strategists. 


Greece returns to bond market, but don’t sound the all-clear signal
5:48 a.m. July 26, 2017
					  - By William Watts
		  
Greece returns to the bond market for the first time since 2014, but may still require yet another bailout.


Stock market’s biggest risk is a ‘flash crash’, says ‘Flash Boys’ Katsuyama
3:57 p.m. July 25, 2017
					  - By Mark DeCambre
		  
As Wall Street stocks mostly scramble higher into the record books, stoking some bearish fears about the perilous heights that equity markets have reached lately. Brad Katsuyama, CEO at exchange IEX Group, fears that computer-driven trading is driving flash crashes that continue to roil markets. 


Here’s a sign investors are viewing earnings through rose-tinted glasses
4:03 a.m. July 25, 2017
					  - By Anora Mahmudova
		  
While second-quarter earnings season is off to a great start, investors may be overlooking signs of potential trouble ahead, according to Bank of America Merrill Lynch.


People are getting less but paying the same for more than 2,500 products
3:58 a.m. July 25, 2017
					  - By Carla Mozee
		  
From chocolate to toilet paper, packaging sizes for 2,529 items have been reduced but customers are still shelling out same the amount of money to buy these products, according to the U.K. Office for National Statistics. 


The biggest financial bloggers reveal their positions on bitcoin and cryptocurrencies
3:55 p.m. July 24, 2017
					  - By Shawn Langlois
		  
Josh Brown, a popular blogger and a regular presence on CNBC, announced last week that he’ll be entering the crypto circus with his first ever purchase of bitcoin. His peers are staying away.


If you can’t resist the lure of bottom-fishing this market, at least follow these five rules
9:39 a.m. July 24, 2017
					  - By Barbara Kollmeyer
		  
Be it bitcoin, tech stocks, the S&P 500 or even gold, this is how you pick up a security cheaply.


This move may have signaled an end to the selloff for retailers’ stocks
8:21 a.m. July 24, 2017
					  - By Victor Reklaitis
		  
A move in the ETF industry could mean the selloff for shares of traditional retailers has come to an end, according to some analysts.


Bitcoin surges as miners avert split for now
10:59 a.m. July 23, 2017
					  - By William Watts
		  
 Bitcoin continues to rise Saturday after miners back a software upgrade in a move that appears to avert a potential split of the digital currency into multiple versions.


Euro rally has room to run if this pattern continues to hold true
8:25 a.m. July 22, 2017
					  - By William Watts
		  
The euro’s continued tear higher marks a renewed correlation with the relative performance of government bonds issued by the eurozone’s most financially stressed countries.


Bitcoin may have reached a tipping point, now that ‘Downtown’ Josh Brown just invested
7:23 a.m. July 21, 2017
					  - By Mark DeCambre
		  
When prominent financial blogger ‘Downtown’ Josh Brown announces that he is making his entree into the realm of digital currencies, it may be worth taking notice. 


Landfill plastic could weigh as much as 2,000 pyramids in 30 years: study
5:09 a.m. July 21, 2017
					  - By Wallace Witkowski
		  
One of the most awesome monuments of the ancient world still around today is the Great Pyramid of Giza, but one study shows that the modern world is unwittingly producing a lasting plastic monument that could rival nearly 2,000 of those in less than two generations.


5 ‘unlovable’ plays that could pay off big in a world of ballooning asset prices
5:09 a.m. July 21, 2017
					  - By Shawn Langlois
		  
U.S. stocks? Hardly. Real estate? Not anywhere around here. Europe? Nope. Asia? Nah. The dollar? No. Credit? Not even close. Clearly, finding bargains in this climate is tough and getting tougher.


Bitcoin surges 18% as rebound continues after fall from June high
4:22 p.m. July 20, 2017
					  - By Shawn Langlois
		  
It’s been a rough summer for bitcoin, but that’s changing.


Bitcoin in a bubble? Apply this 1,000%/10-year rule and the answer is clear
6:15 p.m. July 18, 2017
					  - By Shawn Langlois
		  
Charles Schwab strategist Jeff Kleintop says there are plenty of investments out there that might look like bubbles, when, in reality, they just don’t fit the classic profile.  


Cybersecurity legend bets his manhood bitcoin reaches $500,000 within three years
3:42 p.m. July 18, 2017
					  - By Shawn Langlois
		  
John McAfee, the colorful founder of his namesake antivirus software company, as well as a former fugitive and passionate cryptocurrency backer, says bitcoin is headed toward $500,000 within three years. Apparently, he’s got a lot riding on it:


Stock market needs Congress to bolster animal spirits, says Morgan Stanley
4:24 p.m. July 17, 2017
					  - By Sue Chang
		  
Expectations for strong corporate earnings and a rosy economic outlook have propelled the U.S. stock market to multiple records over the past few sessions. But for stocks to break out, Congress will have to get its act together and get the policy ball rolling, said Morgan Stanley’s chief U.S. equity strategist Mike Wilson.


What stock market’s string of all-time highs says about the future
12:58 p.m. July 17, 2017
					  - By Anora Mahmudova
		  
The S&P 500 is on track for its 26th record close of 2017. Should investors cheer or fear?


J.P. Morgan’s Dimon launches into expletive-tinged rant, saying ‘almost an embarrassment to be American’
10:29 a.m. July 17, 2017
					  - By Mark DeCambre
		  
J.P. Morgan Chase & Co.’s outspoken CEO Jamie Dimon said the U.S. economy is being held in check by a lack of policy momentum in Washington, D.C., that has failed to deliver a spate of pro-growth legislation that could help to boost an otherwise sluggish economy.


J.P. Morgan does a good job buying its own stock
4:24 p.m. July 14, 2017
					  - By Tomi Kilgore
		  
J.P. Morgan Chase had a tough time trading the financial markets during the second quarter, but it did a good job trading its own stock, which had the added benefit of helping lift EPS above expectations.


ETFs focused on growth strategies enjoy record weekly inflows
1:47 p.m. July 14, 2017
					  - By Anora Mahmudova
		  
Recent buying in U.S. stocks, especially growth-oriented investments, over the past week, show that investors are pouring money into assets that have enjoyed recent uptrends, pushing prices ever higher.


Rising ‘Dark Net’ may spell trouble for Google, Facebook, says Goldman
3:18 p.m. July 13, 2017
					  - By Wallace Witkowski
		  
A shift of internet users looking to avoid data collection, the lifeblood to internet companies that rely upon advertising revenue, and mask their online presence poses a potential risk to companies like Facebook and Google. 


3 life pro tips for the teen cryptocurrency trader who’s already made thousands
1:47 p.m. July 13, 2017
					  - By Shawn Langlois
		  
Navigating the treacherous cryptocurrency is not for the faint of heart. While the gains over the past year have been spectacular, the recent whipsaw reversal is a reminder of how wrenching it can be. What’s a trader to do? And in this case, what’s a 13-year-old who’s already turned $2,200 in profits dabbling in the crypto market to do?


The Nasdaq is near a bullish breakout point
11:16 a.m. July 12, 2017
					  - By Ryan Vlastelica
		  
The Nasdaq Composite Index has had a choppy month, tumbling alongside a sharp selloff in the technology sector—by far the biggest weight in the index—but recent gains have left it at a crucial technical crossroads.


Bitcoin the new gold? Yes, says one Wall Street strategist who sees a 21-fold surge
12:23 p.m. July 10, 2017
					  - By Shawn Langlois
		  
Fundstrat’s Tom Lee, one of the biggest equity bears among major Wall Street strategists, says $55,000 is possible for bitcoin, but not necessarily for the reasons many crypto bulls have suggested.


These transportation stocks look ready to break out to new highs
8:12 a.m. July 10, 2017
					  - By Victor Reklaitis
		  
A key gauge for transportation stocks broke out to a new all-time high last week, but there are still “attractive pre-breakout candidates within transports,” says one analyst.


Stock-market euphoria is at a 6-year high—and that is bad news
8:01 a.m. July 5, 2017
					  - By Mark DeCambre
		  
If Bull markets are born on pessimism, grow on skepticism, mature on optimism, and die on euphoria, as famed investor John Templeton once said, then recent research from Bank of America Merrill Lynch offers cause for concern. 


July 4th: Which markets are closed?
6:05 a.m. July 4, 2017
					  - By Anora Mahmudova
		  
U.S. financial markets are completely shut down on Tuesday after closing early on Monday in observance of Independence Day. Other global markets will operate on normal schedule, however, trading volumes are expected to be lower.


How Buffett is set to make a cool $12 billion profit on a Bank of America wager
10:26 a.m. July 1, 2017
					  - By Tomi Kilgore
		  
Warren Buffett’s $5 billion investment in Bank of America could be worth $17 billion when he exercises warrants to buy 700 million common shares.


Central banks have set investors up for a long, hard road back to ‘normal’
2:55 a.m. June 30, 2017
					  - By William Watts
		  
Investors and policy makers are getting a reminder that the path to monetary policy normalization is long.


What happened to Mario Draghi’s silver tongue?
2:36 a.m. June 29, 2017
					  - By William Watts
		  
For a guy with a reputation as a master of central-bank jawboning, ECB President Mario Draghi had a rough 24 hours.


Paddington Bear tried his paw in the stock market, and it didn’t go well
4:20 p.m. June 28, 2017
					  - By Steve Goldstein
		  
As the world remembers Paddington Bear creator Michael Bond, there is one episode that investors would be wise to watch.


Pimco says Treasurys hold “value” despite Fed plan to tighten policy
3:14 p.m. June 28, 2017
					  - By Sunny Oh
		  
Even as senior Fed officials have continued to show enthusiasm for tighter monetary policy, a money manager from Pimco says U.S. government paper can shield investors from a downturn in risky assets. 


Fiscal stimulus will overheat the economy and hurt markets badly: JPMorgan Funds
1:08 p.m. June 27, 2017
					  - By Anora Mahmudova
		  
The prospect of massive fiscal stimulus promised by the Trump administration had been greeted with a lot of enthusiasm by investors at the end of last year, but some strategists believe policy mistakes are likely to hurt bond and equity markets rather than help them


ETFs drive stock-market demand as buybacks slow: Goldman
1:14 p.m. June 26, 2017
					  - By William Watts
		  
Exchange-traded funds are set to purchase a record amount of U.S. equities in 2017. Share buybacks are still the biggest driver of equity demand, but are growing at a slower pace.


Is this the simple reason stock picking on Wall Street is dying?
2:43 a.m. June 26, 2017
					  - By Mark DeCambre
		  
Much has been made about the death of stock picking, in the advent of exchange-traded funds and passive funds that track popular equity benchmarks.









Browse topics:


A


B


C


D


E


F


G


H


I


J


K


L


M


N


O


P


Q


R


S


T


U


V


W


X


Y


Z


0-9












Topics in the news


McKenna, Francine


U.S. Economy


U.S. Politics


Earnings


Northrop Grumman Corp.



Sales


Kilgore, Tomi


Aerospace


International Data Group


New York Mercantile Exchange














Log In




5:18 PM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	After


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
5:17pPriebus departs as chief of staff as Trump turns to Kelly
5:12pWhat’s really happening with Target’s Cartwheel app
5:00pWall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
4:56pBREAKINGIn a tweet, Trump names Gen. Kelly his new chief of staff
4:56pMattel could get wrecked by weak ‘Cars 3’ toy sales
4:55pThis 1 number sums up why that Foxconn deal is over-the-top bad for Wisconsin
4:51pBREAKINGTrump tweets he's named a new chief of staff, John Kelly
4:42pWall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
4:34pLong-dated Treasury yields see weekly climb 
4:33pS&P 500, Nasdaq finish lower after Amazon disappointment; Dow closes at record
4:32pThe highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart
4:32pHow to raise your kids to be frugal (but not too frugal)
4:31pCities to move to if you want to work in tech — NOT including San Francisco
4:31pWhat Donald Trump’s battle of wills with Jeff Sessions teaches you about a difficult boss
4:31pOne way you’re paying credit-card fees, even if you don’t have a card
4:30pTrump, Russia and Sanctions: What We Know 
4:30pThis is the worst mistake people make at work
4:30pMove over, breathalyzers; ‘textalyzers’ could be used on drivers’ phones 
4:29pJared Kushner’s unorthodox approach to meetings is a cautionary tale for office workers everywhere
4:28pHere’s how much you should spend on a yoga mat 
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,830.31

+33.76
+0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,374.68

-7.51
-0.12%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.10

-3.32
-0.13%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15



















































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Business Industry - Industry News - Industry Market Reports


























Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets After Hours



Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers




















  
      Industries
    




        Latest Industry News
    


Mattel could get wrecked by weak ‘Cars 3’ toy sales
              
              Mattel is working on new ‘Cars 3’ promotions after sluggish sales of toys tied to the summer movie.              
              
            

22 min ago4:55 p.m. July 28, 2017








S&P 500





/conga/industries/main2.html
28078





        In Energy »




Westcoast Energy and Union Gas Declare Dividends
              
              Westcoast Energy and Union Gas Declare Dividends              
              
            

3 min ago5:15 p.m. July 28, 2017






Westcoast Energy and Union Gas Declare Dividends
              
              Westcoast Energy and Union Gas Declare Dividends              
              
            

3 min ago5:15 p.m. July 28, 2017






Enbridge Energy Partners, L.P. Declares Distribution for Second Quarter 2017
              
              Enbridge Energy Partners, L.P. Declares Distribution for Second Quarter 2017              
              
            

3 min ago5:15 p.m. July 28, 2017








        In Banking »




What’s really happening with Target’s Cartwheel app
              
              Shoppers have been trying to find the truth in online rumors about Cartwheel              
              
            

6 min ago5:11 p.m. July 28, 2017






One way you’re paying credit-card fees, even if you don’t have a card
              
              The U.K. is banning credit-card ‘swipe fees’ — could it happen here?              
              
            

47 min ago4:30 p.m. July 28, 2017






5 weird things I found out about America in my first 24 hours 
              
              ‘I landed wide-eyed in New York City and was immediately nickel-and-dimed.’              
              
            

52 min ago4:26 p.m. July 28, 2017








/conga/modules/sixwide-divider.html
3095





        In Technology »




Stitch Fix has confidentially filed to go public: report
              
              Stitch Fix, a subscription clothing service, has filed confidentially to go public, according to TechCrunch, citing sources. The company has been rumored to be going public for months, with Reuters reporting in May that the company had hired Goldman Sachs and JPMorgan Chase & Co. to underwrite the offering. Under the JOBS Act, companies are able to file confidentially before releasing a public prospectus. In late June, the Securities and Exchange Commission moved to allow confidential filing for all companies, rather than the previous standard of companies with annual revenue of less than $1 billion. Stitch Fix would be another test of a subscription service model, after Blue Apron Holdings Inc.'s  offering earlier this month. Shares of Blue Apron have fallen 28% month-to-date, while the S&P 500  has gained 2%.              
              
            

1:34 p.m.  Today1:34 p.m. July 28, 2017






Redfin's stock debuts 30% above its IPO price
              
              Shares of Redfin Corp.  debuted Friday on the Nasdaq with a bang, opening at $19.56 at 11:05 a.m. ET, which was 30% above the $15 initial public offering price. The stock has since added to gains be up 35% in morning trade. The real-estate company, which mixes online technology with traditional agents, had priced its IPO above the previously expected range of $12 to $14. The company sold 9.23 million shares to raise over $138 million, and granted underwriters the option to buy an additional 1.38 million shares. The stock was listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the ticker symbol "RDFN." The stock debuted on a day that the SPDR Real Estate Select Sector ETF  was up 0.1% and the S&P 500  was down 0.4%.              
              
            

11:09 a.m.  Today11:09 a.m. July 28, 2017






Atlantic Media selling ownership stake to organization run by Laurene Powell Jobs
              
              Emerson Collective, founded by Laurene Powell Jobs, wife of late Apple founder Steve Jobs, is acquiring a majority ownership stake in The Atlantic. According to a news release on Friday Atlantic Media Chairman David Bradley told staff of the deal, which includes its flagship magazine, digital properties, live events business and consulting services. Bradley, through Atlantic Media, will hold a minority stake and continue to run The Atlantic for the next three to five years. In a letter to The Atlantic staff Bradley said, "Against the odds, The Atlantic is prospering. While I will stay at the helm some years, the most consequential decision of my career now is behind me: Who next will take stewardship of this 160-year-old national treasure? To me, the answer, in the form of Laurene, feels incomparably right." The terms of the deal were not disclosed. In the 18 years since Bradley acquired the magazine from Mortimer Zuckerman, digital readership has grown to a monthly average of 33 million unique visitors from 2 million in 2009, and it generates profits above $10 million per year after recording losses of more than $10 million a year in Bradley's early days. About 20% of the magazine's revenue comes from print advertising with 80% coming in digital advertising.               
              
            

8:54 a.m.  Today8:54 a.m. July 28, 2017








        In Cars »




Goodyear Tire's stock dives after slashed profit outlook offsets in-line earnings
              
              Shares of Goodyear Tire & Rubber Co.  plunged 9.3% in premarket trade Friday, after the tire maker slashed its 2017 profit outlook. Net profit for the quarter to June 30 fell to $147 million, or 58 cents a share, from $202 million, or 75 cents a share, in the same period a year ago. Excluding non-recurring items, adjusted earnings per share came to 70 cents, matching the FactSet consensus. Revenue slipped to $3.69 billion from $3.88 billion, just shy of the FactSet consensus of $3.73 billion. The company cut its 2017 guidance for segment operating income to a range of $1.60 billion to $1.65 billion from "approximately" $2.0 billion. "In addition to higher raw material costs, we have seen a weakening in OE and consumer replacement demand across many of our key markets during the first half, despite strong underlying industry fundamentals," said Chief Executive Richard Kramer. "The combination of these factors has led to a highly unusual first half environment, particularly given the favorable trends in miles driven, gasoline prices and unemployment that are generally supportive of our industry." The stock has rallied 14.9% year to date through Thursday, while the S&P 500  has gained 10.6%.              
              
            

7:53 a.m.  Today7:53 a.m. July 28, 2017






Penske Automotive raises quarterly dividend to 32 cents from 31 cents
              
              Penske Automotive Group Inc.  said Wednesday it is raising its quarterly dividend to 32 cents a share. The last dividend it paid was 31 cents. The new payment will be made pn Sept. 1 to shareholders of record as of Aug. 10. Shares are down 16% in 2017, while the S&P 500  has gained 10.6%.               
              
            

7:56 a.m. July 26, 2017






Ford reports Q2 earnings above Wall Street expectations, gives positive 2017 guidance
              
              Shares of Ford Motor Co.  rose 1.6% before heading down in premarket trade on Wednesday after the company reported second-quarter profit and revenue that was above Wall Street expectations. Net income for the quarter came in at $2.04 billion, or 51 cents per share, compared with $1.97 billion, or 49 cents per share during the year-earlier period. Adjusted earnings per share were 56 cents, above FactSet's earnings consensus for 43 cents per share. Revenue for the quarter hit $39.85 billion, compared with $39.49 billion during the same period a year ago. Revenue was above FactSet's expected $37.28 billion consensus. Revenue from automotive sales were up to $37.11 billion in the quarter, compared with $36.93 billion a year ago, and the company said that automotive profits were driven by North America. Europe and Asia Pacific were also profitable. The car manufacturer said it expects full-year adjusted earnings per share to be in the range of $1.65 to $1.85. The FactSet consensus is for full-year earnings of $1.51 per share. Ford shares are down 7% in the year to date, while the S&P 500 index  is up nearly 11% in the year.               
              
            

7:30 a.m. July 26, 2017








/conga/modules/sixwide-divider.html
3095





        In Retail »




S&P 500, Nasdaq finish lower after Amazon disappointment; Dow closes at record
              
              The S&P 500 and Nasdaq both finish slightly lower on Friday for weekly losses as Amazon.com shares slump on disappointing earnings, while the Dow industrials finishes at a record for a weekly gain.              
              
            

45 min ago4:33 p.m. July 28, 2017








        In Health Care »




Health-care fund managers say a spike in drugs and devices will produce big returns
              
              Higher-quality applications to the FDA could ignite health-care stocks, according to the managers of the Janus Henderson Global Life Sciences Fund.              
              
            

2:50 p.m.  Today2:50 p.m. July 28, 2017






What Trump could do to make Obamacare ‘implode’
              
              There are a few ways President Donald Trump could make Obamacare, as he says, implode.              
              
            

2:34 p.m.  Today2:34 p.m. July 28, 2017






Wells Fargo: FDA plan to lower nicotine could be opportunity for Altria, Philip Morris
              
              Wells Fargo Securities analyst Bonnie Herzog said Friday that a new Food and Drug Administration plan to lower nicotine levels in cigarettes could be a long-term opportunity for makers of reduced-risk products like Altria Group Inc.  and Philip Morris International Inc. . Shares of cigarette producers plunged after the FDA announcement, with Altria plummeting 9.6%, Philip Morris declining 0.4% and British American Tobacco  plunging 7.2% in extremely heavy midday trade. Altria and Philip Morris, however, have a "unique competitive advantage" with smokeless iQOS devices. Philip Morris said "iQOS heats the tobacco just enough to release the flavorful nicotine-containing vapor but without burning the tobacco." Even so, one medical journal study found that smoke from heat-not-burn cigarettes have 85% of the nicotine in conventional cigarettes. "We see this as an opportune entry point for long-term investors and would recommend building positions on today's broad weakness," Herzog said. "We also note that PM/MO's premarket tobacco product application with the FDA to commercialize iQOS in the U.S. remains under review." Altria shares have dropped 6.9% over the last three months and Philip Morris shares have risen 5.8%, compared with a 3.6% rise in the S&P 500 .              
              
            

12:04 p.m.  Today12:04 p.m. July 28, 2017

















Most Popular





1.






All the companies in Jeff Bezos’s empire, in one (large) chart






2.





Market Snapshot

Stock market lower after Amazon disappointment, but pares losses






3.





MarketWatch First Take

Intel earnings have message for AMD and Nvidia: ‘Bring it on’






4.





The Ratings Game

Get ready for the less-profitable Amazon that you used to know 






5.





SectorWatch

How 3D full-body scans will change everything from fitness to fashion










Find a Broker

Partner Center »

















            SPONSORED SECTIONS
    


Compare current broker offers 






Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




5:18 PM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	After


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
5:17pPriebus departs as chief of staff as Trump turns to Kelly
5:12pWhat’s really happening with Target’s Cartwheel app
5:00pWall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
4:56pBREAKINGIn a tweet, Trump names Gen. Kelly his new chief of staff
4:56pMattel could get wrecked by weak ‘Cars 3’ toy sales
4:55pThis 1 number sums up why that Foxconn deal is over-the-top bad for Wisconsin
4:51pBREAKINGTrump tweets he's named a new chief of staff, John Kelly
4:42pWall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
4:34pLong-dated Treasury yields see weekly climb 
4:33pS&P 500, Nasdaq finish lower after Amazon disappointment; Dow closes at record
4:32pThe highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart
4:32pHow to raise your kids to be frugal (but not too frugal)
4:31pCities to move to if you want to work in tech — NOT including San Francisco
4:31pWhat Donald Trump’s battle of wills with Jeff Sessions teaches you about a difficult boss
4:31pOne way you’re paying credit-card fees, even if you don’t have a card
4:30pTrump, Russia and Sanctions: What We Know 
4:30pThis is the worst mistake people make at work
4:30pMove over, breathalyzers; ‘textalyzers’ could be used on drivers’ phones 
4:29pJared Kushner’s unorthodox approach to meetings is a cautionary tale for office workers everywhere
4:28pHere’s how much you should spend on a yoga mat 
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,830.31

+33.76
+0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,374.68

-7.51
-0.12%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.10

-3.32
-0.13%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15





















































Write or Find Wallet Hub Reviews



















 


































 
The Top Destination for Financial Reviews
The Top Destination for Financial Reviews



















Latest Reviews

All Financial Companies & Professionals
Banks
Attorneys
Financial Advisors
Insurance Companies
Insurance Broker
Mortgage Companies
Mortgage Brokers












Popular Companies

































































































































































 











GET YOUR FREE CREDIT SCORE & REPORT 

Join WalletHub
+ 100% FREE
+ Unlimited Credit Reports
+ Unlimited Credit Scores
+ Credit Monitoring Protection
+ Credit Improvement Tips
+ Automatically Finds Savings

SIGN UP FOR FREE
No credit card needed










Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












STANDARD GENERAL L.P. Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      STANDARD GENERAL L.P.
                    

HTTP://WWW.STANDARDGENERALLP.COM/
•   NEW YORK, NY
                          • Investment Advisor
                          • Hedge Fund
                          • Activist Investor
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Standard General is based out of New York. Standard General is a hedge fund  with  11-25 clients and discretionary assets under management (AUM) of $969,800,000 (Form ADV from 2017-04-05).  Their last reported 13F filing for Q1 2017 included $175,740,000 in managed 13F securities
    and a top 10 holdings concentration of 100.0%. Standard General's largest holding is Turning Point Brands Inc with shares held of 10,129,363.   WhaleWisdom has at least 22 13Fs and  77 13D/G filings in our database for Standard General. 
                                           














Summary
13F Holdings
Ind. Managers
Inv. Advisor Info
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)
 WhaleScore History



                Download 13F Summary to Excel
              


                    Download 13F Summary to Excel
                  


   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from STANDARD GENERAL L.P., enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel















03/31/2017
Top Buys




Name% Change


EMMS
        
        Emmis Communication...
0.013%








03/31/2017
Top Sells





Name% Change


MEG
         
         Media General Inc. ...
32.173%







03/31/2017
13F Holdings Summary




Stock% Port


TPB
                                                  
                                                  Turning Point Brands Inc
89.9158%


FBRC
                                                  
                                                  FBR & Co
5.0984%


RILY
                                                  
                                                  B Riley Financia
4.2677%


EMMS
                                                  
                                                  Emmis Communications Corp
0.7181%

See All Holdings






03/31/2017
13F Activity




Market Value
                        $175.74 Million

                        Prior Market Value
                        $209.064 Million
New Purchases0 stocks
Additional Purchases1 stock
Sold out of1 stock
Reduced holdings in1 stock
Top 10 Holdings %100.00%
Turnover %
                        [1]:25.00%
Turnover Alt %
                    [2]:38.59%
Time Held Top20:4.25 quarters
Time Held Top10:4.25 quarters
Time Held All:4.25 quarters

[1]:
                  Turnover is calculated by taking the # of new holdings (initial purchases) + the # of positions sold out of (not just reduced) divided by the total # of holdings for the quarter.
                
[2]:
                  Alt Turnover is calculated by taking either the total MV of new purchases or
                   the MV of securities sold, whichever is less,
                   divided by the total MV of the fund.
                






03/31/2017
13F Sector Allocation Over Time











Fund Metrics

You are limited to the prior 8 quarters of 13F filings.
            Subscribe to WhaleWisdom to view all filing data
            for STANDARD GENERAL L.P.






Portfolio Performance
                    Top 20 equal-weighted holdings. Last updated
                      on 2017-06-29 



Performance
                      for Q1 2017:
                    
3.26%


Performance Last 4 Quarters:
16.72%





Performance Metrics




Stdev (5-yrs):
Subscription required
BETA (5-yrs):
Subscription required
ALPHA (3-yrs):
Subscription required


Max Drawdown (all-years):
Subscription required
Annualized Perf (3-yrs):

                          Subscription required
                        
Batting Avg vs S&P. (3-yrs):
Subscription required


Sortino (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Stutzer (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Treynor (3-yrs):
Subscription required


Sterling (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Calmar (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Information Ratio (3-yrs):
Subscription required


Tracking Error (3 yrs):

                          Subscription required
                        
Stdev Down (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Winning Months %:
Subscription required


Losing Months %:
Subscription required
Best 12 Months:
Subscription required
Worst 12 Months:

                          Subscription required
                        


Efficiency Ratio (3-yrs):

                          Subscription required
                        
Sharpe:
Subscription required
Stdev Sectors:
Subscription required


Skewness (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Kurtosis (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Upside Potential (3-yrs):
Subscription required





















Backtester

Use WhaleWisdom's Backtester tool to test how a hypothetical portfolio would have performed with different
        investment strategies. Research one or more filers' performance and then optimize their portfolios to match your
        own investment goals.
Start with one of our predefined groups or create your own.
        View the
        Backtesting Whitepaper
        and the Getting Started page for
        additional help.
      



Take a Tour

           Save Changes to Tracked Backtest
Saving......

GENERATE
      REPORT
At least
      one fund must be selected before running a backtest
    
{{InvalidConfiguration()}}


    {{ErrorMessage}}
  

    "Top # Holding(s) by Dollar Value from each fund's holdings"
    and
    "Top # Holding(s) by Percent Ownership from each fund's holdings"
    are not available when using WhaleScore Filers.
  


Backtester

Use WhaleWisdom's Backtester tool to test how a hypothetical portfolio would have performed with different
        investment strategies. Research one or more filers' performance and then optimize their portfolios to match your
        own investment goals.
View the
        Backtesting Whitepaper
        and the Getting Started page for
        additional help.



GENERATE
      REPORT


    {{ErrorMessage}}
  

    "Top # Holding(s) by Dollar Value from each fund's holdings"
    and
    "Top # Holding(s) by Percent Ownership from each fund's holdings"
    are not available when using WhaleScore Filers.
  




Filers Selected: {{groupinfo.group.description}} - {{groupinfo.group.filers.length}}
      (click to edit)


      {{criteria.whalescore.description}}
      (click to edit)


      Filers being chosen based on prior performance
    
Get started by using: 

WhaleWisdom Fund Groups
WhaleScore Filers

One of your custom groups
Choose Filers by Performance
Log in to use your saved groups
Create new custom group



WhaleWisdom Fund Groups


{{g.filers.length}}

{{g.description}}





Use Heat Map Stocks







{{g.filers.length}}

{{g.description}}






< Back

Select WhaleScore Filers:
WhaleScore filers are chosen based on scores calculated the previous quarter.


Pro Sub. Required

{{o.description}}






< Back

Select Filers by Prior Performance
Filers are selected each quarter based on their prior performance. You can restrict which
      filers are included by using the filters below.



          Pro subscription required to select filers by performance
        


How do you want funds chosen?




Maximum Filers to use each quarter

            

(your subscription allows up to {{Limit}} filers):
Maximum number of filers
              to use exceeed
Maximum filers must set to
              at least 1




Quarterly turnover %






% top 10 concentration






 # of Holdings in 13F
              Portfolio
from:
            
            to
            
{{criteria.filer_performance.holdings_from_to[0]}} - {{criteria.filer_performance.holdings_from_to[1]}}


 Market Cap of Fund's 13F
              Portfolio
from:
            
            to
            

                                                      {{format_number(criteria.filer_performance.mc_from_to[0])}} - {{format_number(criteria.filer_performance.mc_from_to[1])}}
                                                    


 Avg. Time Held Top 10 (quarterly)
from:
            
            to
            

                                                                {{criteria.filer_performance.time_held_top10_from_to[0]}} quarters - {{criteria.filer_performance.time_held_top10_from_to[1]}} quarters
                                                              





Matching filers from latest quarter:
{{FilerPerformanceMatches}}






< Back
{{groupinfo.group.filers.length}}




Backtest options
Optional Stock Filters
Optional Hedging/Advanced



< Back


How do you want stocks selected when rebalancing?  


{{s.description}}
          


5
10
20
30
40
50


 (Pro sub. required)



        "Top # Holding(s) by Dollar Value from each fund's holdings"
        and
        "Top # Holding(s) by Percent Ownership from each fund's holdings"
        are not available when using WhaleScore Filers.
      


(optional) Minimum # of funds holding stock

(optional) Minimum percent of portfolio for each fund


Custom Weight Per Fund (scale of 1 through 10)


{{filer.name}}





Reset Weight



Specify the number of holdings to use



          {{s.description}}
        

          ** Holdings greater than 20 require a Pro level subscription to use. **
        




How do you want available funds allocated among stocks?  








< Back



Restrict Stocks Selected by Stock Market Cap Size?


 {{cap.name}}
                              




Stock Exclusions
Do not include stocks whose price exceeds:

Do not include stocks whose price is less:

Do not include any of the following tickers:
                                                          (comma separated)






ETF Filter
 ETF Holdings Only

 Exclude ETFs


ADR Filter *Pro Only*
 Foreign ADR Only

 Exclude ADRs





Limit Stock Selection to Certain Sectors or Industries? Restrict stocks to those in the selected sector or industry







< Back




Hedging Strategies

Simple Short Exposure. This strategy effectively shorts the S&P 500 by
        buying shares in the S&P 500 Short ETF.
        Simple Hedging will assume that 100%
        of the backtest's invested principal is always in the backtest's long positions.

        For example, if you choose a 25% hedging rate, then for a $10,000 portfolio,
        you will be long $10,000 and have a $2,500 short on the S&P 500.
        The short position will adjust each rebalancing period to match 25% of the total portfolio.
        Any gains/losses from the short are added to the overall available capital for the long positions in the
        portfolio.
      

Moving Average Hedge.  With this strategy, your portfolio will be hedged
        by shorting the S&P 500 whenever your long portfolio's performance drops below the monthly moving average.
        So if you set a 25% hedge, 25% of your long portfolio will be sold and the funds reallocated to the short
        whenever the hedge is in effect.
        Once your long portfolio performance goes back over the moving average, the short hedge will be removed
        and the funds from the short will be reallocated to your long positions.
      

        When hedging strategies are being used, backtests can only go back as far as 2006.  This is the date
        the S&P 500 Short ETF first appeared.
      

        Pro subscription required to use hedging strategies
      
Hedging Strategy:

      

No Hedging

          Short-Exposure Hedge
        

          Moving Average Hedge
        

Moving Average Months:


Moving Average Target:
                   

Your backtested portfolio
S&P 500 TR Index
Russell 2K TR Index

the moving average that will determine when hedging is on or off

Hedging %:
      

25%
50%
75%
100%



Stock Sell Buffer

      You can optionally include a stock sell buffer in your backtesting model.
      It works by keeping a stock in your portfolio even when it would otherwise drop out
      during rebalancing as long as it remains within your sell buffer threshold.
      For example, you are backtesting with the top 20 stocks each quarter and set a sell buffer of 50.
      In the first quarter, AAPL is one of the top 20 stocks and is included in the portfolio.
      In quarter 2, AAPL drops down to number 25. Without the sell buffer, AAPL would drop out
      for that quarter, but since it is still within the sell buffer threshold of 50,
      it will remain in the portfolio.
      Your portfolio size remains the same. The stocks that would have fallen out stay in and the
      stocks that would otherwise have been added stay out. Using the sell buffer may
      help produce a lower turnover rate.
    

      Sell Buffer Size (must be greater than # of holdings in portfolio to work):
      
No sell buffer
10
25
35
50
100




Rebalancing Frequency

      By default backtester rebalances quarterly using new 13F filing data. You can
      adjust the rebalancing frequency using the dropdown below. Reasons for
      changing the frequency include lower turnover and possible tax advantages
      by keeping stocks at least one year before selling.
    


        Do not rebalance after each quarter

or rebalance:
        
Every quarter (default)
 Every other quarter
 Once a year




How many days after the end-of-quarter date before doing the backtest? (0 - 60) 

DAYS





      Or use day whenever the filing was submitted to the SEC
      (or the last filing when using a group of funds):
Starting Quarter

      By default backtester will test your strategy using all available dates going back to 2001 (for subscribers only).
      You can optionally adjust when the backtest actually starts.
    
Starting Quarter:
      
All Available Dates


  Ending Quarter:
      
All Available Dates






GENERATE
      REPORT





Backtest Results:



Download Backtest Data to Excel
Downloading.  Please wait.....


Start Tracking This Backtest
Saving......


                                    Stop tracking this backtest
                                  
Log in to start tracking this backtest



No report has been run






                                {{s.description}}
                              

Configure Moving Averages


As of 2017-07-27








Want to backtest using all available 13F history?
      As a non-subscriber you are limited to the past two years of filing data.
        Subscribe now and backtest using 13F holdings data as
        far back as 2001.
      








 
YTD
1Y
2Y
3Y
5Y
7Y
10Y
Total Return
Annualized
Std Dev
Sortino



Whale(s)
Unhedged Portfolio

{{starting_record.yearly_entries[starting_record.yearly_entries.length-1][3]*100|number}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,1)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,2)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,3)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,5)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,7)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,10)| number:2}}%
{{starting_record.performance*100|number}}%
{{starting_record.annualized_performance*100|number}}%
{{starting_record.standard_deviation*100.0|number}}%
{{starting_record.sortino|number}}


Hedged Portfolio
{{hedged_matrix.yearly_entries[hedged_matrix.yearly_entries.length-1][3]*100|number}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,1)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,2)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,3)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,5)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,7)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,10)| number:2}}%
{{hedged_matrix.performance*100|number}}%
{{hedged_matrix.annualized_performance*100|number}}%
{{hedged_matrix.standard_deviation*100.0|number}}%
{{hedged_matrix.sortino|number}}


{{chart.comparison_index.description}}
{{chart.comparison_index.yearly_entries[chart.comparison_index.yearly_entries.length-1][3]*100|number}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,1)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,2)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,3)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,5)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,7)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,10)| number:2}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.performance*100|number}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.annualized_performance*100|number}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.standard_deviation*100.0|number}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.sortino|number}}









                          Current Holdings Rebalanced on {{results.ending_period.start_date}}
                          Click the "Download Backtest Data to Excel" link above to see all stock activity


                          Stock prices used are the "total returns" stock price and will include
                          dividends, spinoffs, splits, and other adjustments.  Because of this, stock
                          prices shown here will likely not
                          match a stock's actual closing stock price on the same date.
                        





Stock Name
% of Portfolio
Avg Price Per Share(total returns price)
Total Returnas of 2017-07-27
Original Purchase Date



            								                  {{transaction.ticker}}
            								               {{transaction.stock_name}}

Sold All
{{transaction.percent_of_portfolio*100.0|number:2}}

{{transaction.avg_price|currency}}


                                ${{starting_record.hedging_gain|number:2}}
                              

                                {{GetTransactionTotalReturn(transaction)|number:2}}%
                                                            

{{transaction.original_purchase_date}}


{{results.ending_period.hedge.stock_name}}

{{transaction.avg_price|currency}}

                              {{GetTransactionTotalReturn(results.ending_period.hedge)|number:2}}%
                            

                              {{results.ending_period.hedge.original_purchase_date}}
                            


*** Currently using {{ending_hedged_transaction.stock_name}} ***

{{ending_hedged_transaction.avg_price|currency}}

                                                        {{GetTransactionTotalReturn(ending_hedged_transaction)|number:2}}%
                                                      

                                                        {{ending_hedged_transaction.original_purchase_date}}
                                                      









Ending Sector Allocation

















































Quarter to view:

Current Combined 13F/13D/G
Q1 2017 13F Filings 
Q4 2016 13F Filings 
Q3 2016 13F Filings 
Q2 2016 13F Filings 
Q1 2016 13F Filings 
Q4 2015 13F Filings 
Q3 2015 13F Filings 
Q2 2015 13F Filings 
Q1 2015 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2014 13F Filings subscription required
Q3 2014 13F Filings subscription required
Q2 2014 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2014 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2013 13F Filings subscription required
Q3 2012 13F Filings subscription required
Q2 2012 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2012 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2011 13F Filings subscription required
Q3 2011 13F Filings subscription required
Q2 2011 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2011 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2010 13F Filings subscription required



                      Refresh
                    
 Advanced Export
Download CSV
Download Excel (.xlsx)
Download TSV







                               Click to See Additional Filters
                              



Security Types:




                  Shares


                  Calls


                  Puts


                  Principal

Changes in Holdings:

 New Position
Added to Position
Reduced Position
Closed Out Position
No Change



Ranking is in the top:



Minimum # of shares:



Stock ticker: 



Is ETF?
YesNo



                                      Refresh
                                    








Edit Columns


*Shares are split adjusted
		






×
Report an error






Your name (optional):


Your email (optional):


Error to report or any other comments(required):













                









Cancel





 Click here to report any possible errors with this listing.





13F Filings Available:



                            2017-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2014-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2014-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2014-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2014-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2013-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2012-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2012-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2012-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2011-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2011-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2011-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2011-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2010-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          






×
CSV Export Module



      This will schedule a job to export all requested 13f holdings data for this filer.
      When completed, an email will be sent to the email address you specify
      containing a link to download the .zip file of the CSV file(s) you requested.
    



Output Type


             Output all 13f holdings into a single CSV file
             

              Output all 13f holdings into separate CSV files per quarter
              



Columns to include


Filer Name
Stock Name
Stock Ticker
Quarter Date
Type of Security
Current Shares Held
Current Market Value
Previous Shares Held
Previous Market Value
Current % of Portfolio
Previous % of Portfolio
Current Rank
Previous Rank
Change in Shares
Type of Change
Sector




13F Quarters to include


2017-03-31
2016-12-31
2016-09-30
2016-06-30
2016-03-31
2015-12-31
2015-09-30
2015-06-30




Email Address to send data to








Cancel
Schedule Export







View Last Form Adv Compilation Report on Record

STANDARD GENERAL L.P.

Classified as Hedge Fund

767 FIFTH AVENUE
12TH FLOOR

NEW YORK
NY
            
        10153
Country: United States


          Business Phone:
          212-257-4701
Fax:
              212-257-4738


Professional Investment Advisor Data

SEC Registration as :

Large Advisory Firm
      


Form of Organization:
Limited Partnership 


Organized in:
DE


Number of employees:
16


Other Business Activities:
commodity pool operator or commodity trading advisor 


Advisor Fees/Compensation:
Percentage of assets under management,Performance-based fees



        Amount of client funds and securities:
      
969,800,000



            Total Number of Clients:
          
24



            Amount of client funds and securities by related persons:
          
603,300,000



                Total Number of clients from related persons:
              
11


Disclosures:




HTTP://WWW.STANDARDGENERALLP.COM/


    Data above was derived from SEC filings.
  



Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...




WhaleScore history for STANDARD GENERAL L.P.
You must have a subscription to view WhaleScore histories








Elevate your investments
Try it for free




























      Standard General to Lead Bidding in  RadioShack Bankruptcy Auction  - WSJ
    











































































































 




Dow Jones, a News Corp companyNews Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information servicesDow JonesBarron'sBigChartsDJXDow Jones NewswiresFactivaFinancial NewsMansion GlobalMarketWatchNewsPlusPrivate MarketsRisk & ComplianceWSJ ConferenceWSJ ProWSJ VideoWSJ.comNews CorpBig DecisionsBusiness SpectatorCheckout51Harper CollinsNew York PostPropTigerREArealtor.comStoryfulThe AustralianThe SunThe TimesSubscribe NowSign InThe Wall Street JournalSearchSearch→
 

 

















                      Amazon’s Expansion Costs Take a Toll
                    











                      Trump Comments on U.S. Factories Make It Awkward for Apple
                    











                      An Electric Maserati? Fiat Chrysler CEO Says It’s on the Way
                    











                        Globalization in Retreat
                      

                      China’s Next Target: U.S. Microchip Hegemony
                    











                      Shell Prepares for ‘Lower Forever’ Oil Prices
                    











                      Uber Approaches GE CEO Jeff Immelt About Top Role
                    











                      Glencore Under Probe Over Congo Payments
                    











                      Chinese Billionaire Scales Down His Hollywood Dreams
                    











                      Intel Finds Room to Boost Revenue
                    











                      United Therapeutics in Settlement Talks With Justice Department
                    











                      Procter &amp; Gamble, Activist Spar Over Latest Results
                    









 



 






 

































        Small
      




        Medium
      




        Large
      








Save Article
Sign In to Save
Subscribe to WSJ









 










Business




Standard General to Lead Bidding in  RadioShack Bankruptcy Auction 
At least 1,700 RadioShack stores on the block, as  retailer tries to save some of its struggling business

 






By

Joseph Checkler And 
          

Peg Brickley



  Feb. 25, 2015 5:45 p.m. ET





Hedge fund Standard General LP will lead the bidding at a bankruptcy auction of 1,700 or more RadioShack stores, as the electronics retailer tries to save some of its struggling business. Judge Brendan Shannon on Wednesday approved rules for a March 23 competition over the part of RadioShack’s business that has been marked for a turnaround effort, roughly half the 4,000-store chain. Standard General won the role of opening...
  


    To Read the Full Story
  


      Subscribe
    

      Sign In
    



 












 






Most Popular Videos









John McCain Casts Deciding Vote to Defeat Health Bill









Sen. Graham: The 'Skinny' Bill Is a Disaster









Dan Neil Drives VW's Atlas









Who and What Is Covered by Medicaid?









How Luxury Home Builders Build for Themselves






Most Popular Articles








Bad News If You Make $150,000 to $300,000: Higher Taxes for Many








Opinion: Trump Is Woody Allen Without the Humor








Japan Slaps 50% Tariff on Some U.S. Beef








Stop Saying Tom Brady Is Old!








Scaramucci Erupts Over Priebus and Leakers





 





 







              Popular on WSJ
            








Most Popular Videos









John McCain Casts Deciding Vote to Defeat Health Bill









Sen. Graham: The 'Skinny' Bill Is a Disaster









Dan Neil Drives VW's Atlas









Who and What Is Covered by Medicaid?









How Luxury Home Builders Build for Themselves






Most Popular Articles








Bad News If You Make $150,000 to $300,000: Higher Taxes for Many








Opinion: Trump Is Woody Allen Without the Humor








Japan Slaps 50% Tariff on Some U.S. Beef








Stop Saying Tom Brady Is Old!








Scaramucci Erupts Over Priebus and Leakers





 








 
















   
     
       
     
   

  
    
      
    
  

  
    
      
    
  

  
    
      
    
  


  
    
    
      
    
    
      Save Article
      Sign In to Save
      Subscribe to WSJ
    
  

   
     
       
     
   
   
     
       
     
   




  
  
    
      
  
    
      Text Size
  
      
      
        

        Small
      
  
      
      
        

        Medium
      
  
      
      
        

        Large
      
    
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
    
      
        
          
            
              
          
            Print
          
        
      
          
            
              
          
            Facebook
          
        
        
          
            
              
          
            Twitter
          
        
        
          
            
              
          
            WhatsApp
          
        
  
        
          
            
              
          
            SMS
          
        
  
  
        
          
            
              
          
            Copy Link
          
        
  
      
  
      
        
    
  
    
  
  
  


 















Standard General L.P. Reviews | Financial Advisory Firm






























































 

Standard General L.P.


@standard_general_l_p





			Rating: 0



1
2
3
4
5
Your Rating: 



0 Reviews - Submit Your Rating



		http://www.standardgenerallp.com	






Claim This Profile





 
 
		Info & Reviews
		



 
 
		Activity
		



 
 
		Answers
		


 



Standard General L.P. Reviews & Info

Standard General L.p.'s primary clients are Corporations, Investment Vehicles, or Other BusinesSES....see more 
Advisors that work at Standard General L.P.	

Contact:


650 Madison Avenue 23rd Floor
New York, NY 10022
                    				




					Main Number: 212-610-9170				


 
Categories:
N/A


		 
	

Standard General L.P. Review Highlights


TOTAL RECOMMENDATIONS
0



Recommend

0











Standard General L.P. Reviews


No reviews found for Standard General L.P.


					Be the first to write a review













Follow


0 Followers


0 Following







Ask Standard General L.P. a Question
Send Standard General L.P. a direct message


			This correspondence is public. Instead, send a direct message. 


			This is a direct message. Instead, ask a public question. 






or Sign In


Post my question
send message
140





Share or Get your friends opinion about Standard General L.P.








Wallet Points 



Q&A
0


Followers
0


Misc
0


Total
0





						I'm Following
		
No users followed


Information on this page is provided 'as is' and solely for informational purposes, not for any other purpose or advice. In addition, this information does not originate from us and thus, we do not guarantee its accuracy.
You can check the profile page of each professional or company to determine whether they are a paying advertiser (indicated by the word "sponsored"). Regardless of advertiser status, none of the listings, reviews, or other information on Wallet Hub constitutes, in any way, a referral or endorsement by us of the respective financial company or professional, or vice versa. Furthermore, it is important to note that the inclusion of a financial company or professional on Wallet Hub does not necessarily indicate their involvement with the site or control over the information that we display.  Information is displayed first and foremost for the benefit of consumers.



report abuse




Reviews













GET YOUR FREE CREDIT SCORE & REPORT 

Join WalletHub
+ 100% FREE
+ Unlimited Credit Reports
+ Unlimited Credit Scores
+ Credit Monitoring Protection
+ Credit Improvement Tips
+ Automatically Finds Savings

SIGN UP FOR FREE
No credit card needed























Standard General L.P.: Login, Bill Pay, Customer Service and Care Sign-In




































General Products - Standard Insurance





























































 















Standard Insurance















Customer Service Hotline
+632 845-1111
 

Open Menu

Products

General Products

Motorcar
Accident
Marine
Fire and Allied Perils
Bonds


Packaged Products

Biz Protect
House Protect
Office Protect
Car Protect
Motorcycle Protect
Truck Protect
Family Protect
Student Protect
Travel Protect
OFW Protect
UltraSafe
Motor-Term Life Protect




Claims

Claims Process
Downloadable Forms
Report a Claim
FAQ


Services

Emergency Protect
Risk Engineering
Roadside Assistance Program


Resources

Drive In Centers
Dealer Partners


Cars for Sale
my Standard Online
 






+632 845-1111





















Home » Products » General Products General Products





















The Total Travel Insurance Program
TRAVEL PACKAGE
IndividualFamily
Please type or print legibly. Check (✓) the appropriate box if necessary.



INSURED DETAILS



First Name:



Middle Name:



Surname:



Age:



Date of Birth:
 


Address:



Contact No:



Cell Phone No:



Nationality:



Profession/Business/Occupation:



Email:



Positon Title:



Contact No:



Gender:
MF


Business Address:



Beneficiary:



Relational to Beneficiary:



Person to Notify in case of Emergency:



Contact No:






TRAVEL DETAILS



Purpose of Travel:



Destination:



Departure:



Return Date:
 


No. of Days:



I.D Number:



PLAN TYPE


ASIA EXCLUDING JAPAN


Asia Protect Peso 500,000Asia Protect Peso 1,500,000Asia Protect Peso 2,500,000Asia Protect Dollar $50,000


WORLDWIDE


Worldwide Protect Peso 500,000Worldwide Protect Peso 1,500,000Worldwide Protect Peso 2,500,000Worldwide Protect Dollar $50,000


SCHENGEN & OTHER EUROPEAN COUNTRIES


Schengen Protect Peso 2,500,000Schengen Protect Dollar $50,000Schengen Protect Euro €2,500,000





ADDITIONAL PERSON TO BE INSURED



Name
Age
Date of Birth
Beneficiary / Relation to Beneficiary
I.D Number (Any Gov't. issued I.D)




 






 






 






 






 










GET IN TOUCH Pick-up a phone and give us a call. We’d love to hear from you. Or, drop by our office for a cup of free coffee!


 (02) 845-1111
 inquiry@standard-insurance.com












General Products

Motorcar
Accident
Marine
Fire and Allied Perils
Bonds


Packaged Products

Biz Protect
Car Protect
Family Protect
House Protect
Motorcycle Protect
Truck Protect
Office Protect
Student Protect
Travel Protect
OFW Protect
UltraSafe
Motor-Term Life Protect




 




































About Us
Newsroom
Careers
Contact Us




Sitemap
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use

						
						Copyright © 2017 Standard Insurance Co. Inc.					



Get promo alerts












 














