










 

















Starwood Hotels & Resorts




























Text Only






THE LUXURY COLLECTION





sign in










Username or SPG Number



Password






                        Remember Me
                    



Sign In





Retrieve password

                            
                                
                                
                                    First time signing in? Activate account


Updated Privacy Statement










Preferred Guests



assistance

Call Us At 1-800-325-3589
see all phone numbers
have us call you

quick answers

email us
more help options






Language


Deutsch
English
Español


Français
Italiano
Português


中文(简体)
日本語
Русский












Explore





Our Collection

New Hotels
Exceptional Suites
Destination Guides
Global Explorers

History & Heritage


Hotel Directory







Exclusives





All Exclusives


Luxury Collection Store







Services




Spas

Concierge


Meetings & Events


Weddings & Honeymoons


NewspaperDirect


Luggage Liaison


Exceptional Deliveries

Starwood Preferred Guest Program






Reservations








STARWOOD HOTELS & RESORTS WORLDWIDE, LLC ONLINE PRIVACY STATEMENT 
Updated May 31, 2017
Our MissionWe at Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide, LLC (a subsidiary of Marriott International, Inc.) (“Starwood”) are dedicated to protecting your privacy and safeguarding your personal data. Our mission is to consistently exceed our guests' expectations in terms of the products and services we provide to our business and leisure travelers. We strive to create an experience that is responsive to our guests' needs by using the information you entrust us with responsibly. We are committed to respecting your privacy and adhering to the principles of applicable data protection and privacy laws throughout the world.We have provided this Privacy Statement as an explanation of how we collect, how the use of this information can benefit your experience on our web sites and during your relationship with us, with whom and for what purposes we may share the information, and the choices you can make about our use of the information. We also describe the measures we take to protect the security of the information and how you can contact us about our privacy practices.

THE WORLD OF STARWOOD


PURPOSE FOR COLLECTION


TYPES OF INFORMATION WE COLLECT


CONSENT


TRANSFERRING


MOVING DATA ACROSS INTERNATIONAL BORDERS


DELETION AND RETENTION OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA


ACCESSING, UPDATING AND REMOVING YOUR PERSONAL DATA


SECURITY SAFEGUARDS


ON-LINE TECHNOLOGIES


LINKS TO OTHER WEB SITES


MINORS


CONTACT US


UPDATES TO THE PRIVACY STATEMENT

 THE WORLD OF STARWOOD: This Privacy Statement applies to all of the hotel brands managed or licensed by Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide, LLC. and its affiliates as a subsidiary of Marriott International, Inc., including the Starwood Preferred Guest program (the “Starwood Group”). To learn more about the world of Starwood, please click here.

Back to Top
PURPOSE FOR COLLECTION: We are fully committed to providing you with information about the collection and use of personal data furnished by, or collected from you while using our web sites, products and services. It is our standard practice not to ask you for information unless we need it. The main purpose for collecting your personal data is to allow us to provide you with the requested services such as processing a transaction. In addition, information may be collected for the following purposes:
fulfilling reservation or information requests;
purchasing products or services;
registering for program membership;
responding to our communications (e.g., surveys, promotional offers, or reservation confirmations);
accommodating your personal preferences;
fulfilling requests for services or recommendations we provide you;
working with third party sources with your consent, including processing information you make available via social networking and other web sites, to better assist us with understanding your interests and to serve you better;
your use of our apps on your electronic devices;
updating your contact information including your address; or
facilitating the transmission of forward to a friend email at your request.


 We may also ask your permission to use your personal data for the following purposes:
Sending you direct marketing messages and communications in relation to the products and services offered by Starwood, our strategic marketing partners, and other trusted third parties;
Performing market research via surveys to better serve your needs, improve the effectiveness of our web sites, your hotel experience, our various types of communications, advertising campaigns, and/or promotional activities.

We may also analyze personal data we process for the above-mentioned purposes to better understand our customers’ needs, improve our services and the way we operate. The outcome of such analysis will only be aggregate data that will not to be used to identify, single out, or take action towards an individual, but only to analyze trends and other behavior at aggregate level.

TYPES OF INFORMATION WE COLLECT: We collect information about our hotel guests and web site visitors so that we can provide an experience that is responsive to our guests' and visitors' needs. In order to fulfil the above mentioned purposes, we may collect personal data or information relating to you that can identify you, directly or indirectly. Such data may primarily include your name, home, work and e-mail addresses, telephone, mobile telephone, and fax numbers, credit card information, date of birth, gender, and lifestyle information such as room preferences, leisure activities, names and ages of children, and other information necessary to fulfill special requests (e.g., health conditions that require special room accommodations).When you visit our websites, we may also collect internet log information and details of visitor behavior patterns which we only process in a way which does not identify you (or anyone else). If we use your data in this way, we do not attempt to identify you or to single out information on an individual level. If we do want to identify you or single you out, we will make it clear when we collect the information and will explain what we intend to do with it.
Back to Top
CONSENT: You may opt out of Starwood surveys and marketing emails relating to Starwood’s offerings and services, when we collect your information and at any time by clicking on the link included in such communications, or by contacting us directly to opt out of direct marketing, telemarketing, emails or surveys. Please
click here
to see the Updating Your Communication Preferences in the Contact Us section of this privacy statement. You will always be offered the choice not to submit your personal data to our strategic marketing partners and other trusted third parties for marketing communications or to decide what communications you want to receive from us and them.If you are a Starwood Preferred Guest (“SPG”) program member, you may also change your communication choices by updating your communication preferences in your individual membership profile.In some cases your permission will be implied from the nature of the service requested or transaction undertaken. For example, we may collect and use personal data that you volunteer, or behavioral data or other information collected in the aggregate. In addition, your permission will be deemed given for communications from us that are necessary to fulfill transactions and services that you request.In certain circumstances, we will seek your express permission when we collect information that is regarded under certain data privacy regulations to be sensitive in nature (e.g., information revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade-union membership, sex life, health conditions or judicial data) as permitted or required by the applicable law.
Back to Top
TRANSFERING: In most cases, the information you provide is added to a Starwood local or global database. In the course of processing your information, it may be necessary to transfer your personal data to Starwood's affiliates, properties within the Starwood Group and/or third party service providers located in the United States and throughout the world for the purposes outlined within this Privacy Statement. Unless otherwise precluded or governed by legal requirements and/or process, Starwood subsidiaries, affiliates and property owners that may receive your information are obligated to follow similar privacy requirements relating to your personal data. As a general practice, we do not sell, rent, or give physical possession of your personal data to unaffiliated third parties outside the Starwood system.Situations in which we may share your information to others include:
when we have received your consent to do so
when we have received your consent to do so
when companies or service providers that perform business activities on behalf of Starwood require such information in order to conduct the tasks defined in their agreements with Starwood (e.g., credit card processing, customer support services, market research administration or database management services),
when a hotel or other property leaves the Starwood system and access to your personal data is necessary to facilitate business operations or meet contractual obligations in connection with the fulfillment of reservations that are booked for future stays or events,
in the event Starwood is merged or acquired by another company,
to comply with legal or regulatory requirements or obligations in accordance with applicable law, a court order or a subpoena,
in case of emergency such as to safeguard the life, health, or property of an individual.
If information is shared as mentioned above, we seek to limit the scope of information that is furnished to the amount necessary for the performance of the specific purposeUnless otherwise precluded by legal process, third parties are obligated to protect your personal data in line with our policy and abide by applicable privacy laws and regulations.
Back to Top
MOVING DATA ACROSS INTERNATIONAL BORDERS: We endeavor to provide you with the same outstanding service in New York City, as you would find in Paris or Beijing. To achieve this goal, we have established a global network comprised of properties, offices, data centers, trusted strategic marketing partners, service providers, customer contact centers, and trained associates around the globe. The nature of our business and our operations require us to transfer your personal data, to other Group companies, properties, centers of operations, data centers, or service providers that may be located in countries outside of your own. We may transfer your personal data to countries other than the country in which the personal data was originally collected.Although the data protection and other laws of these various countries may not be as comprehensive as those in your own country, Starwood will take appropriate steps to ensure that your personal data is protected and handled as described in this Privacy Statement.Please refer to the appropriate contact information below to contact us about updating your communication preferences, removal from our marketing lists, or to submit a general question or request.If you are located in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, we comply with applicable legal requirements providing adequate protection for the transfer of personal data to countries outside of the European Economic Area or Switzerland. To satisfy our requirements globally, we have committed to Binding Corporate Rules, called the Starwood Guest Data Protection Standards. The Guest Data Protection Standards have been approved by European data protection authorities and will be applied uniformly by all Starwood Group members subject to them. More information on our Binding Corporate Rules can be found on our dedicated page.
http://www.starwoodhotels.com/html/HTML_Blocks/Corporate/GDPS.htm

Back to Top
SAFE HARBOR: In addition, Starwood is certified under the Safe Harbor privacy framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce, European Commission and Switzerland regarding the collection, storage, use, transfer and other processing of PII transferred from the European Economic Area or Switzerland to the U.S. Please note that since October 6, 2015, the European Union no longer recognizes Safe Harbor. Nonetheless, Starwood upholds to comply with the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles.
Back to Top
DELETION AND RETENTION OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA: Your personal data will be kept in a form which enables to identify you for no longer than it is necessary for the purposes for which we collected and use your data. Your personal data may be retained in certain files for a period of time as required by applicable law and following Starwood’s data retention policies in order to comply with such financial or legal requirements, to properly resolve disputes or to troubleshoot problems. In addition, some types of information may be stored indefinitely due to technical constraints, and will be blocked from further processing for purposes which are not mandatory by law.
Back to Top
ACCESSING, UPDATING AND REMOVING YOUR PERSONAL DATA: You may request to have access to your personal data we keep or to have your personal data updated, erased or blocked unless this proves impossible or involves a disproportionate effort. You have may request confirmation as to whether we process your personal data and what that data constitutes.Where allowed under local law, you may request us to erase your personal data, if one of the following circumstances exist:
your personal data are no longer necessary for the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed;
if the processing was based on your consent and if you have withdrawn your consent, your consent has expired, or where there is no longer a legal ground for the processing of your personal data;
If the processing is for direct marketing purposes or if you make a justifiable objection ;
a court or regulatory authority has ruled that your personal data concerned must be erased;
your personal data was unlawfully processed.
To ensure that your personal data is accurate and up to date, we encourage you to regularly review and update your information as appropriate (e.g., in the event your home or e-mail address changes, or you wish to add an additional method for us to communicate with you). If you are an SPG program member, you can review and update your individual membership profile on-line or with the assistance of a Starwood customer service representative. If you are not a SPG program member you can review and update your personal data by contacting our Consumer Affairs Team or Privacy Office and requesting an access form. Please note that in an effort to prevent the unauthorized disclosure of your personal data, you may be asked to provide proof of identity (or other authentication materials) together with the completed access request form. Access to personal data for non-SPG program members cannot be provided by telephoneIf, upon review, you wish to deactivate your SPG program member profile, or update your personal data, we will endeavor to do so in a timely manner. Occasionally, information that you request to be removed will be retained as explained above.Therefore, for the above reasons you should not always expect that all of your personal data will be completely removed from our databases in response to your request, even though we are regularly reviewing our data retention practices to ensure that personal data, while residing on the systems of Starwood and/or Starwood’s strategic marketing partners and service providers, will not be actively processed and will be accessed only if required by law.Please refer to the appropriate contact information below to contact us about updating your communication preferences, removal from our marketing lists, or to submit a general question or request.
Back to Top
SECURITY SAFEGUARDS: Starwood recognizes the importance of information security, and is constantly reviewing and enhancing our technical, physical, and logical security rules and procedures. All Starwood owned web sites and servers have security measures in place to help protect your personal data against accidental, loss, misuse, unlawful or unauthorized access, disclosure, or alteration while under our control. Although "guaranteed security" does not exist either on or off the Internet, we safeguard your information using appropriate administrative, procedural and technical safeguards, including password controls, "firewalls" and the use of up to 256-bit encryption based on a Class 3 Digital Certificate issued by VeriSign, Inc. This allows for the use of Secure Sockets Layer (SSL), an encryption method used to help protect your data from interception and hacking while in transit.
Back to Top
ON-LINE TECHNOLOGIES: Starwood and its third party marketing partners may use cookies, invisible pixels, and web beacons to obtain information about you while visiting our web sites. A cookie is a very small text file that is sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer's hard drive. Starwood cookies assign your computer with a unique identifier, which in turn, becomes your identification card whenever you return to a Starwood web site.Cookies are designed to save you time because they help us to provide you with a customized experience without you having to remind us of your preferences each time you return to our web pages. Starwood cookies are not designed to damage your files, nor can they read information from other files on your computer hard drive.Cookies can also help us provide you with a personalized experience in the following ways:
remembering your user name and password for future visits so log-in is easier and faster.
ensuring you are provided with the appropriate frames and content
ensuring you obtain all requested information.
helping us deliver communications that are relevant and responsive to your interests and location.
Starwood cookies are limited to our sites and services only and are not designed to follow you when traveling on the Internet after leaving. We track the usage of our web sites in order to better meet your needs and to help make it easier for you to find information in the future. Please note that in addition to Starwood cookies, various third parties may also place cookies on your computer's hard drive.  Starwood is not responsible for the presence or absence of third party cookies, or for the technological capabilities or practices employed by third parties in connection with third party cookies.If you would prefer not to have the benefits of cookies, your Internet browser can be adjusted to treat cookies in different ways. Depending upon the type of browser you are using, you may be able to configure your browser so that:
you are prompted to accept or reject cookies on an individual basis or ,
you may be able to prevent your browser from accepting any cookies at all.
You should refer to the supplier or manufacturer of your web browser for specific details about cookie security. However, you should also understand that rejecting cookies might affect your ability to perform certain transactions on our web sites and our ability to recognize your browser from one visit to the next.Starwood also uses invisible pixels, sometimes called web beacons, to count how many people visit certain web pages. Information collected from invisible pixels is used and reported in the aggregate and does not contain personal data. Starwood may use this information to improve marketing programs and content.We also work with vendors and strategic marketing partners to help deliver advertisements and personalized content that we believe will be of interest to you. These vendors and other partners include advertisers, advertising agencies, advertising networks, audience segment providers, data exchanges, analytics providers, and other similar providers. Please click here for a current list of the agencies and providers with which we work. These partners and vendors use cookies and web beacons to collect information about your online activity (e.g., the sites and pages you have visited at Starwood sites and other third party sites) in order to help Starwood (and in some cases, third party advertisers) deliver personalized content and advertising to you while you are on Starwood or other sites.We may also engage one of these vendors to deliver our advertisements to consumers whose online behaviors on sites other than the Starwood sites indicate that they may be interested in travel. In other instances, we engage in special arrangements with certain advertisers with which we think our web site visitors would have an interest. We allow these advertisers to deliver co-branded messages (e.g., Starwood and the advertiser) directly to consumers who have visited our web pages. These types of cobranded advertisements may appear on Starwood sites or on third party sites. In general, you can opt out of our vendors' use of cookies to tailor personalized content or advertising to you by visiting
http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp 
For a detailed list of the cookies used on Starwood websites and your cookie settings, please click here

Back to Top
LINKS TO OTHER WEB SITES: In order to anticipate your needs, our website provides links to other web sites and third parties for your convenience and information. We are not responsible for the collection, use, maintenance, sharing or disclosure of data (including personal data) by such third parties. We encourage you to contact these third parties to ask questions about their privacy practices, policies and security measures before disclosing any personal data. We recommend that you review the privacy statements and policies of linked web sites to understand how those web sites collect, use and store information.
Back to Top
MINORS: We do not seek to obtain nor does it wish to receive personal data directly from minors; however, we cannot always determine the age of persons who access and use our web sites. If a minor (as defined by applicable law) provides us with his/her data without parental or guardian consent, we encourage the parent or guardian to contact us to have this information removed and to unsubscribe the minor from future Starwood marketing communications.
Back to Top
CONTACT US: Updating Your Communication PreferencesIf you would like to update your information, modify your communication preferences, or if you do not want to receive marketing communications from Starwood in the future, you can contact us:by e-mail:
starwood.preferred.guest@starwoodhotels.com
by telephone:
1-888-625-4988 or 1-519-637-6500by writing to us at:
Starwood Preferred Guest Program
P.O. Box 6020
Lancaster, California 93539-6020
USA
Customer Service
If you would like to contact Starwood’s Customer Service Department, please choose the most convenient method from the following:by e-mail:
customercare@starwoodhotels.com
by telephone:
1-800-328-6242by writing to us at:
Starwood Preferred Guest Program
P.O. Box 6020
Lancaster, California 93539-6020
USAAttention: Customer Service
Data Privacy
If you have comments or questions regarding Starwood's data privacy practices or this Privacy Statement, you may contact us by choosing the most convenient method from the following:by e-mail:
consumer.privacy@starwoodhotels.com
by writing to us at:Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide, LLC.One StarPointStamford, CT 06902USAAttention: Consumer Affairs – PrivacyUPDATES TO THE PRIVACY STATEMENT: This Statement was last updated to include Starwood’s adoption of Binding Corporate Rules by way of Starwood’s Guest Data Protection Standards. Starwood may amend this Privacy Statement from time to time in order to meet changes in the regulatory environment, business needs, or to satisfy the needs of our guests, properties, strategic marketing partners, and service providers. Updated versions will be posted to our web site and date stamped so that you are always aware of when the Privacy Statement was last updated.
Back to Top









News
Accolades
employment
Developers
Residences
travel professionals





Luxury Collection Careers |
    		
    	
    
    
    
        
        
            
            
            	
            	
            	
            		
               		Hotel Directory Luxury Collection |
            	
            
            
            
            
            
                Website Terms of Use |
                Updated Privacy Statement

    
        
            
                | Text Only





Stay connected to The Luxury Collection:
            




More


Mobile Options


Guest Reviews












THE RITZ CARLTON REWARDS


The Ritz-Carlton


EDITION


JW Marriott


Autograph Collection Hotels


Renaissance Hotels


Marriott Hotels and Resorts


Delta Hotels Marriott


Marriott Executive Apartments


Marriott Vacation Club




Marriott Rewards


Gaylord Hotels


AC Hotels Marriott


Courtyard Marriott


Residence Inn Marriott


SpringHill Suites Marriott


Fairfield Inn and Suites Marriott


TownePlace Suites Marriott


Protea Hotels Marriott


Moxy Hotels







Starwood Preferred Guest


ST REGIS


THE LUXURY COLLECTION


W HOTELS


WESTIN


Sheraton


Le MERIDIEN


TRIBUTE PORTFOLIO


DESIGN HOTELS


aloft HOTELS


FOUR POINTS


element












You are on LuxuryCollection.com
Starwood Hotels & Resorts


Other Starwood Brands >

Four Points
Sheraton
Aloft
W Hotels
Le Méridien
Luxury Collection
Element
Westin
St. Regis
Tribute Portfolio
Design Hotels

Starwood Preferred Guest
Starwood Hotels
Learn about our brands





                © 2017 Marriott International, Inc.,
                All rights reserved. | 
                





AdChoices


































Thomas Mangas, Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide LLC: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  
























Feedback





Thomas "Tom" Mangas

Chief Executive Officer,
Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide LLC






Career History




Chief Executive Officer
Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide LLC, 12/2015-PRESENT


Exec VP/CFO
Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide LLC, 9/2014-12/2015


Exec VP/CEO:Floor Products
Armstrong World Industries, 11/2013-9/2014


Senior VP/CFO
Armstrong World Industries, 2/2010-11/2013


CFO:Fabric Care/Gen Mgr
Procter & Gamble Co, 2005-2008


VP/CFO:Beauty & Grooming
Procter & Gamble Co, 2008-UNKNOWN


Show More









Website:
www.starwoodhotels.com






Corporate Information
Address:

1 StarPoint
Stamford, CT 06902
United States


Phone:
1-203-964-6000


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.starwoodhotels.com











From The Web












Personal Information



Education



University of Virginia
Bachelor's Degree, Economics, 1990


University of Virginia
Bachelor's Degree, History, 1990








Memberships



Board Memberships




Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide LLC


Board Member, 1/2016-PRESENT




Atd Corp


Board Member, 10/2014-PRESENT









Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data



































Starwood - Wikipedia






















 






Starwood

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Starwood Hotels and Resorts Worldwide)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For other uses, see Starwood (disambiguation).

Starwood Hotels and Resorts Worldwide, LLC.





Type

Subsidiary (Marriott International)


Industry
Hospitality, tourism


Founded
1969 as a REIT
1980 as a corporation[1]


Headquarters
Stamford, Connecticut, U.S.


Products
Hotels, resorts


Brands
St. Regis
The Luxury Collection
W Hotels
Sheraton
Westin
Le Meridien
Tribute Portfolio
Design Hotels
Four Points
Aloft
Element


Revenue



 US$6.115 billion (2013) [2]
 US$6.321 billion (2012) [2]






Operating income




 US$925 million (2013) [2]
 US$912 million (2012) [2]






Net income




 US$635 million (2013) [2]
 US$562 million (2012) [2]





Total assets



 US$8.762 billion (2013) [3]
 US$8.855 billion (2012) [2]





Total equity



 US$3.363 billion (2013) [3]
 US$3.142 billion (2012) [2]





Owner
Marriott International



Number of employees

181,400 (2013)[4]


Website
www.starwoodhotels.com


Footnotes / references
[5][6]






Former Starwood logo


Starwood Hotels and Resorts Worldwide, LLC. is a subsidiary of Marriott International. Prior to its merger with Marriott, Starwood Hotels & Resorts was an American hotel and leisure company headquartered in Stamford, Connecticut.[7][8] It was one of the world's largest hotel companies that owns, operates, franchises and manages hotels, resorts, spas, residences, and vacation ownership properties under its 11 owned brands. As of 1 December 2014[update], Starwood Hotels and Resorts owned, managed, or franchised over 1,200 properties employing over 180,400 people, of whom approximately 26% were employed in the United States.[9]
On November 16, 2015, Marriott International announced it would purchase Starwood Hotels and Resorts Worldwide for $13.6 billion, creating the world's largest hotel chain once the deal closed.[10] The merger was finalized on September 23, 2016 after gaining the final approval from the American authorities.[11] After the acquisition by Marriott was approved, the Starwood Preferred Guest program announced it would provide reciprocal benefits with Marriott's guest reward program. The two programs will be merged under a single brand in the future.[12]



Contents


1 Brands

1.1 Westin
1.2 Sheraton
1.3 The Luxury Collection
1.4 Four Points by Sheraton
1.5 W Hotels
1.6 St. Regis
1.7 Le Méridien
1.8 Aloft
1.9 Element
1.10 Tribute Portfolio
1.11 Design Hotels


2 Partnerships
3 Gallery
4 See also
5 References
6 External links



Brands[edit]
The following list of Starwood brands is chronological, according to each brand's entry into Starwood.
Westin[edit]
Main article: Westin Hotels
The Westin Hotels and Resorts brand is Starwood's largest upscale hotels and resorts brand. It was bought by Starwood in 1994 and is also the oldest brand within Starwood, dating back to 1930 and still continuing with it.
Sheraton[edit]
Main article: Sheraton Hotels and Resorts
Sheraton is Starwood's "flagship" brand, providing luxury hotel and resort accommodation. It began operating in 1937 and was sold to Starwood in 1998 by ITT. Also under the Sheraton brand are 7 Vacation Ownership properties.
The Luxury Collection[edit]
The Luxury Collection brand began on January 13, 1992, when ITT Sheraton designated 28 of its premier hotels and 33 of the Sheraton Towers, the luxury "hotel-within-a-hotel" facilities located within Sheraton's largest and most exclusive hotels, as the ITT Sheraton Luxury Collection.[13] The flagship of the division was The St Regis in New York City.
The division expanded enormously two years later, in February 1994, when ITT Sheraton purchased a controlling interest in CIGA (Compagnia Italiana Grandi Alberghi, or Italian Grand Hotels Company), an Italian international hotel chain which owned a number of luxury properties across Europe.[14] The majority of the CIGA hotels were folded into the ITT Sheraton Luxury Collection. Both ITT Sheraton and later Starwood kept CIGA's original logo (the four horses of St. Mark) for The Luxury Collection brand logo until 2010; each Luxury Collection hotel now uses its own logo. After Starwood bought Sheraton, they established a separate brand identity for The Luxury Collection and expanded it. Many hotels in The Luxury Collection are smaller establishments in converted palaces or other significant buildings, others are restored historic hotels.
Some hotels in The Luxury Collection, which were originally part of the ITT Sheraton Luxury Collection, kept their Sheraton name when the Luxury division was spun off as a completely separate brand under Starwood. Most have been renamed over the last few years, there are only three such hotels remaining today, operating with the name Sheraton, but not technically part of Sheraton - Sheraton Addis (Addis Ababa, Ethiopia), Sheraton Grande Sukhumvit (Bangkok, Thailand), and Sheraton Kuwait Hotel (Kuwait City, Kuwait).
A part of the Collection, the Royal Penthouse Suite, at Hotel President Wilson in Geneva, billed at US$65,000 per night, is listed at number 1 on World's 15 Most Expensive Hotel Suites list compiled by CNN Go in 2012.[15]
Four Points by Sheraton[edit]
Main article: Four Points by Sheraton
Launched in 1995 under the Sheraton Group's brand, this brand is a set of mid-range hotels that replaced the Sheraton Inn sub-brand of Sheraton.
W Hotels[edit]
Main article: W Hotels
W Hotels is Starwood's luxury boutique hotel brand, generally marketed towards a younger crowd. It was launched in 1998 with the W New York, a conversion of the old Doral Inn hotel at 541 Lexington Avenue in Manhattan and the brand has since expanded with over fifty hotels and resorts around the world.
Though the hotels vary from newly built flagship properties to more modest conversions of previous hotels, they have a common theme of spare, minimalist modern decor and hip, informal names for categories of rooms and public areas. For example, the lobbies of all the hotels are known as the "Living Room". W Hotels attempt to include the letter W wherever possible - the swimming pool is known as "Wet", the concierge is known as "Whatever Whenever", the laundry bag in every room is known as "Wash", and so on.
St. Regis[edit]
Main article: St. Regis Hotels & Resorts
St. Regis is Starwood's main luxury brand, launched in 1999. It is named for The St. Regis Hotel in New York City, which was built in 1904 in Manhattan at 5th Avenue and 55th Street by John Jacob Astor IV, who also founded the Astoria Hotel (which later became the Waldorf-Astoria Hotel) and who died in 1912 on the RMS Titanic. In the 1930s, head bartender Fernand Petiot introduced the Bloody Mary cocktail. The St. Regis was a Sheraton from 1966 on, and following a lavish restoration from 1985 to 1991, it was part of the ITT Sheraton Luxury division before it became the cornerstone and flagship of Starwood's new brand. The brand is currently present on four continents, with a total pipeline of 57 operating and signed hotels as of April 2016.
Le Méridien[edit]
Main article: Le Méridien
Le Méridien was founded by Air France in 1972 and was sold to Starwood in 2005, by which point it was based in the UK. It has a total of 137 properties operating or in the pipeline worldwide, with its first property being Le Méridien Etoile in Paris, France. Le Méridien is positioned as an upper-upscale brand in the Starwood hierarchy and offers properties with an edge towards art, design and local destination, with each hotel customized to its respective location with the intent of "unlocking destinations" for guests. Certain locations offer guests complimentary access to art galleries and museums through collaborations and partnerships. Le Méridien has a partnership with the Italian coffee roasting company Illy, serving and promoting Illy-branded coffee and products throughout its hotels around the world.
Aloft[edit]
Main article: Aloft Hotels
Aloft, was launched in 2005 as Aloft, a Vision of W Hotels, in a relationship with W similar to Four Points by Sheraton and its 'brand parent', Sheraton. Aloft is a mid-scale, urban-style business/boutique hotel brand.
Element[edit]
Announced in 2006, and originally known as Element by Westin, this is Starwood's first brand of hotels intended to be environmentally friendly. The designs include energy and water efficient features.[16] The first Element hotel opened in Lexington, Massachusetts in July 2008.[17] Element hotels are built eco-friendly from the ground up, from the floors made of recycled materials to energy-efficient lighting and plumbing fixtures. In 2013 the first Canadian location opened in Vaughan, Ontario. In September 2014 the first German location opened in Frankfurt.
Tribute Portfolio[edit]
Launched in April 2015, Tribute Portfolio is the 10th brand of Starwood.[18] Similar to The Luxury Collection brand, Tribute Portfolio is a collection of independent hotels but with a focus on four-star hotels instead of five-star ones.[19] Individual hotels under this brand gain access to Starwood's sales platform[19] and participate in the Starwood Preferred Guest loyalty program[18] but do not share their look and feel.[20]
Design Hotels[edit]
Main article: Design Hotels
Berlin-based Design Hotels provides hospitality services to a network of nearly 300 independently owned and operated hotels. Starwood has been a majority investor in the Design Hotels since 2011.[21] In October 2015, Starwood announced that it would add Design Hotels to its brand portfolio through a new marketing partnership.[22] Member hotels of the Design Hotels collection have the option to join the Starwood Preferred Guest loyalty program and gain access to Starwood's sales platform.[23] Design Hotels continues to operate independently.[21]
Partnerships[edit]
Starwood has a credit card partnership with American Express. A former partnership with MBNA Canada Bank in Canada was replaced by American Express in 2010.
Starwood Preferred Guest also has a partnership with 32 affiliated airlines allowing guests to redeem their points for flights under the "SPG Flights" program.[24] Furthermore, SPG has a "crossover rewards" program with Delta Air Lines, offering Medallion elite members certain elite benefits at Starwood Group hotels and offering certain Medallion elite benefits to SPG Platinum Preferred Guest members.[25]
According to Starwood Hotels and Resorts' corporate profile, the SPG program has over 21 million members.[9]
Gallery[edit]

Starwood Hotels and Resorts Worldwide






Former Starwood headquarters in White Plains









Westin Times Square









The historic Westin Book-Cadillac Hotel in downtown Detroit









Sheraton Poznań









The historic Hotel Imperial in Vienna









The Romanos, a Luxury Collection Resort, Costa Navarino, Messinia, Greece









W Washington, D.C. Hotel in Washington, D.C.









The St. Regis New York









Metropol Palace in Belgrade









Hotel Romazzino in Costa Smeralda, Sardinia









Sofia Hotel Balkan, a Luxury Collection Hotel




See also[edit]


Connecticut portal
Companies portal


References[edit]


^ "Form 10-Q". p. 7. Retrieved 2007-11-12. 
^ a b c d e f g h "STARWOOD HOTEL & RESORTS WORLDWIDE, INC 2013 Annual Report Form (10-K)" (XBRL). United States Securities and Exchange Commission. February 24, 2014. 
^ a b "STARWOOD HOTEL & RESORTS WORLDWIDE, INC 2014 Q1 Quarterly Report Form (10-Q)" (XBRL). United States Securities and Exchange Commission. April 24, 2014. 
^ STARWOOD HOTELS & RESORTS WORLDWIDE, INC.Form 10-K, Securities and Exchange Commission, February 24, 2014
^ Starwood Hotels & Resorts (HOT) annual SEC income statement filing. Wikinvest. Retrieved 7 February 2011.
^ Starwood Hotels & Resorts (HOT) annual SEC balance sheet filing. Wikinvest. Retrieved 7 February 2011.
^ "Investor Overview". Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide. Retrieved April 7, 2013.
^ "Starwood Hotels & Resorts (HOT) Details". Bloomberg L.P. Retrieved 1 September 2014. 
^ a b "Company Overview". Starwood Hotels and Resorts. 
^ Nycz-Conner, Jennifer (November 16, 2015). "Marriott International to acquire Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide in $12.2 billion deal". Washington Business Journal. Retrieved November 16, 2015. 
^ Trejos, Nancy (September 23, 2016). "Marriott, Starwood merger is complete, loyalty programs will reciprocate". USA Today. Retrieved September 24, 2016. 
^ "Marriott, Starwood merger is complete, loyalty programs will reciprocate". USA Today. Retrieved 24 September 2016. 
^ https://www.thefreelibrary.com/ITT+SHERATON+CORPORATION+EXTENDS+SEGMENTATION+BY+PREMIERING+THE+ITT...-a014695306
^ https://www.nytimes.com/1994/02/10/business/company-news-itt-s-sheraton-unit-in-pact-to-buy-ciga-hotels-of-italy.html
^ Arnold, Helen "World's 15 most expensive hotel suites". CNN Go. 25 March 2012. Retrieved 2012-04-11
^ "ELEMENT Lexington opens its doors". TTG MENA. Archived from the original on January 25, 2009. Retrieved 4 January 2009. 
^ "Opening Day of ELEMENT Lexington Marks the World Premiere of Starwood Hotels' Newest..." (Press release). Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide. 1 July 2008. Retrieved 7 February 2011. 
^ a b "Starwood Hotels Introduces Tribute Portfolio" (Press release). Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide. April 16, 2015. Retrieved April 17, 2015. 
^ a b "Why Starwood Launched Tribute Portfolio". Forbes. April 16, 2015. Retrieved April 17, 2015. 
^ "Starwood unveils a new 10th brand; Loews adds a third". USA TODAY. April 16, 2015. Retrieved April 17, 2015. 
^ a b "More Access, More Destinations: Starwood Hotels & Resorts Expands Partnership with Design Hotels" (Press release). Starwood. December 1, 2015. Retrieved February 1, 2016. 
^ "New Starwood brand to be partnership with Design Hotels". Travel Weekly. October 30, 2015. Retrieved February 1, 2016. 
^ "Hotel and Tour News: A Lodge in Kenya Evokes 'Out of Africa'". The New York Times. December 23, 2015. Retrieved February 1, 2016. 
^ "SPG Flights". SPG Flights. Retrieved 2014-05-14. 
^ "Crossover Rewards with SPG and Delta SkyMiles". Starwood Hotels & Resorts. Retrieved 2017-01-05. 


External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Starwood Hotels and Resorts Worldwide.



Starwood Hotels and Resorts Worldwide official website







v
t
e


Hotel chains



Accor



Adagio
Fairmont Hotels
Formule 1/F1/Formula 1
Ibis

Budget
Styles


Mama Shelter
Mercure / Grand Mercure
MGallery
Novotel

Suite Novotel


Pullman
Raffles
The Sebel
Sofitel
Swissotel
Thalassa sea & spa





Carlson Rezidor



Country Inns & Suites
Park Inn
Park Plaza
Quorvus Collection
Radisson
Radisson Blu
Radisson Red





Choice Hotels



Ascend Collection
Cambria Hotels & Suites
Clarion
Comfort Inn
Comfort Suites
Econo Lodge
MainStay Suites
Quality Inn
Rodeway Inn
Sleep Inn
Suburban Extended Stay Hotel





Hilton



Canopy by Hilton
Conrad Hotels
Curio collection
DoubleTree
Embassy Suites
Hampton by Hilton
Hilton Garden Inn
Hilton Grand Vacations
Hilton Hotels & Resorts
Home2 Suites
Homewood Suites
Tru by Hilton
Waldorf Astoria





Home Inn



Fairyland Hotel
Home Inn
Motel 168
Yitel





Hospitality International



Downtowner Inns
Master Host Inns
Passport Inns
Red Carpet Inn
Scottish Inns





Hyatt



Andaz
Grand Hyatt
Hyatt
Hyatt Centric
Hyatt House
Hyatt Place
Hyatt Regency
Hyatt Zilara / Hyatt Ziva
Park Hyatt





InterContinental



Candlewood Suites
Crowne Plaza
Even Hotels
Holiday Inn
Holiday Inn Express
Hotel Indigo
InterContinental
Kimpton Hotels
Staybridge Suites





Marriott



AC Hotels
Aloft Hotels
Autograph Collection
Bulgari Hotels & Resorts
Courtyard
Delta Hotels
Design Hotels
EDITION Hotels
Element by Westin
ExecuStay
Fairfield Inn
Four Points
Gaylord Hotels
Grand Residences
JW Marriott
Le Méridien
The Luxury Collection
Marriott Conference Centers
Marriott Executive Apartments
Marriott Golf
Marriott Hotels & Resorts
Marriott Vacation Club
Moxy Hotels
Protea Hotels
Renaissance Hotels
Residence Inn
Ritz-Carlton
Ritz-Carlton Destination Club
St. Regis
Sheraton
SpringHill Suites
TownePlace Suites
Tribute Portfolio
W Hotels
Westin





Pan Pacific



Pan Pacific
Parkroyal





Red Lion



3 Palms Hotels & Resorts
America's Best Inns
Americas Best Value Inns
Canadas Best Value Inns
Country Hearth Inns & Suites
GuestHouse
Hotel RL
Jameson Inn
Lexington Hotels & Inns
Red Lion Hotels
Red Lion Inn & Suites
Settle Inn





Taj Hotels



Gateway
Ginger
Taj
Vivanta





Trump International



Chicago
Honolulu
Las Vegas
NYC
Washington DC
Panama
Vancouver





Wyndham



Baymont Inn & Suites
Days Inn
Dolce Hotels and Resorts
Hawthorn Suites
Howard Johnson
Knights Inn
Microtel Inn And Suites
Ramada
Super 8
Travelodge
TRYP by Wyndham
Wingate by Wyndham
Wyndham Grand
Wyndham Hotels & Resorts





Other



7 Days Inn
Ace
Aerowisata
Aman Resorts
AmericInn
Apex
Aqua
Archipelago
Best Western
Boscolo
Budget Host
Canad Inns
Canalta
Center Parcs
Club Med
Club Quarters
Coast
Cobblestone
Dan
Drury
Easy Hotel
Extended Stay America
Fiesta Inn
Four Seasons
Hoshino
Huazhu Hotels
Iberostar
InTown Suites
Isrotel
ITC Hotels
Jumeirah
Kempinski
La Quinta
Leading Hotels of the World
Loews
Lotte
Magnuson
Mandarin Oriental
Marco Polo
Masters Inn
Meliá
MGM Resorts
Millennium & Copthorne
Morgans
Motel 6
Motel One
Mövenpick
My Place Hotels
NH
Nikko
Oberoi
Omni
Outrigger
Paradores
Peninsula
Pestana
Pousadas de Portugal
Premier Inn
Prince
Pueblo Bonito
Red Roof Inn
RIU
Sandman
Santika Indonesia
Scandic
Shangri-La
Standard
Steigenberger
Swiss-Belhotel
The Leela
Thistle
Toyoko Inn
Trident
Value Place
Vienna
Virgin





Defunct



Adam's Mark
Alamo Plaza Hotel Courts
AmeriHost Inn
AmeriSuites
Crest Hotels
Cross Country Inn
Denizen Hotels
Esso Motor Hotel
Exel Inn
Forte
Fred Harvey
Friendship Inn
Hiway House
Imperial 400
Jack Tar Hotels
Nickelodeon Resorts by Marriott
The Real Hotel Company
Roundtowner Inn
Shoney's Inn
Statler Hotels
Summerfield Suites
Susse Chalet
Tage Inn
United Hotels Company of America
Vantage Hospitality
Wilson World Hotels





Lists



Hotels

chained-brand
largest
United States


Motels








 Category
 Commons










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Starwood&oldid=791809231"					
Categories: Starwood Hotels and Resorts WorldwideCompanies established in 19692016 acquisitionsHospitality companies of the United StatesOpenTravel AllianceHidden categories: Pages using deprecated image syntaxArticles containing potentially dated statements from December 2014All articles containing potentially dated statements 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


বাংলাDeutschEspañolFrançais한국어Bahasa IndonesiaItaliano日本語PolskiРусскийไทย中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 22 July 2017, at 16:32.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 



























Starwood Hotels & Resorts


































Text Only















BOOK & REDEEM















Close



Need to enter a destination for a destination search.
Enter a state/province.
Enter a country.










                                Where to?
                            






Close



Please enter your search criteria













Check In
            














Check Out
        














Close

For stays longer than 90 days, please call 866-539-3446.
You can only book 550 days in advance.
Please double-check your dates.











1 Room
1 Rooms
,


1 Adult
1 Adults
,


1 Child
0 Children






1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15


Room
Rooms




1
2
3
4


Adult per room
Adults per room




0
1
2
3
4


Child per room
Children per room
(age 0 - 12)















WHY BOOK HERE













Redeem Starpoints





Book a Meeting








                                        
                                          Hotel Directory & Map
                                        
                                          New Hotels
                                        
                                          SPG Resorts
                                        
                                          Special Offers
                                        
                                          Find A Reservation









About SPG













About the Program







Earn & Redeem Starpoints


 







                                        	    SPG Overview
                                        	



                                        	    SPG Pro Overview
                                        	



                                        	    Member Benefits
                                        	



                                        	    Our Brands
                                        	



                                        	    SPG Credit Cards
                                        	






                                        	    SPG MOBILE APPS
                                        	



                                        	    Be Social
                                        	



                                        	    SPG Cravings
                                        	



                                        	    Join SPG
                                        	



 







                                        	    Rooms
                                        	



                                        	    FLIGHTS & TRAVEL
                                        	



                                        	    SPG Moments
                                        	



                                        	    Marriott Rewards®, Gift Cards & More
                                        	





Redeem Starpoints





Earn Starpoints





Buy Starpoints





 

 






Sign In


















Account Quick Links




                                                
	                                                Account Overview


                                                
	                                                My Profile


                                                
	                                                My Stays


                                                
	                                                My Starpoints Activity


                                                
	                                                Customer Support







Not a member?





Join Now





Already enrolled?





CREATE ONLINE ACCOUNT































Remember Me
Remember Me





Sign In





Forgot Password?
















Deutsch
English
Español
Français
Indonesian
Italiano


Nederlands
Polski
Português
Türkçe
العربية
中文(简体)


中文(繁體)
日本語
한국어
Русский
ไทย



















Sign In or Join




SPG Members






Sign In



Please enter your username or SPG number.






Please enter your password.


Please enter your username or SPG number and your password.



Forgot Password?






Remember me













Updated Privacy Statement




Not a member?






Join Starwood Preferred Guest ®



Please type in your email address, then try again.











Already enrolled?

Signed up in a hotel or on the phone?
CREATE ONLINE ACCOUNT






















Find & Book
Account
About SPG
About SPG Pro







                                    Hotel Directory & Map
                                



                                    Redeem Starpoints
                                



                                    Book A Meeting
                                



                                    New Hotels
                                



                                    special offers
                                



                                    SPG Resorts
                                







WHY BOOK HERE >








                                    Account Overview
                                



                                    My Profile
                                



                                    My Benefits
                                



                                    My Stays
                                



                                    Find a Stay
                                



                                    My Starpoints Activity
                                



                                    Request A Card
                                







                                    SPG Overview
                                



                                    Member Benefits
                                



                                    Our Brands
                                



                                    SPG Credit Cards
                                



                                    SPG Moments
                                



                                    Marriott and Starwood Merger
                                



                                    SPG FAQs
                                



                                    Join SPG
                                







                                    SPG Pro Overview
                                



                                    Meeting Planners
                                



                                    Travel Professionals
                                



                                    SPG Pro FAQs
                                



                                    Sales Offices
                                



                                    Join SPG Pro
                                








Customer Support






Language


Deutsch
English
Español
Français
Indonesian
Italiano


Nederlands
Polski
Português
Türkçe
العربية
中文(简体)


中文(繁體)
日本語
한국어
Русский
ไทย







Guest Reviews





Mobile Options




                                    Terms & Conditions of the SPG Program
                                



                                    Website Terms of Use
                                



                                    Updated Privacy Statement
                                



                                    Text Only
                                










			                                  Earn 25,000 bonus Starpoints.
			                           

			                                  THE STARWOOD PREFERRED GUEST® CREDIT CARD FROM AMERICAN EXPRESS. Learn more >
			                                  Terms & Conditions Apply.













                                         Put the world at your fingertips.
                                  

                                         With an app for every device, and a tool for every travel need, get the SPG apps and get packing>
                                  


















THE RITZ CARLTON REWARDS


The Ritz-Carlton


EDITION


JW Marriott


Autograph Collection Hotels


Renaissance Hotels


Marriott Hotels and Resorts


Delta Hotels Marriott


Marriott Executive Apartments


Marriott Vacation Club




Marriott Rewards


Gaylord Hotels


AC Hotels Marriott


Courtyard Marriott


Residence Inn Marriott


SpringHill Suites Marriott


Fairfield Inn and Suites Marriott


TownePlace Suites Marriott


Protea Hotels Marriott


Moxy Hotels







Starwood Preferred Guest


ST REGIS


THE LUXURY COLLECTION


W HOTELS


WESTIN


Sheraton


Le MERIDIEN


TRIBUTE PORTFOLIO


DESIGN HOTELS


aloft HOTELS


FOUR POINTS


element












You are on SPG.com
Starwood Hotels & Resorts


Other Starwood Brands >

Four Points
Sheraton
Aloft
W Hotels
Le Méridien
Luxury Collection
Element
Westin
St. Regis
Tribute Portfolio
Design Hotels

Starwood Preferred Guest
Starwood Hotels
Learn about our brands





                © 2017 Marriott International, Inc.,
                All rights reserved. | 
                





AdChoices













Facebook


Twitter


Instagram


Pinterest


Foursqaure


Weibo


Youtube















































Starwood Hotels & Resorts | Book Hotels Online






































Text Only






























Previous
null







Sign In to SPG.com



Help 


Reservations
Email
All Options







Our Brand Sites 


ST REGIS
THE LUXURY COLLECTION
W HOTELS
DESIGN HOTELS

Sheraton
WESTIN
Le MERIDIEN
TRIBUTE PORTFOLIO

FOUR POINTS
aloft HOTELS
element

Starwood Preferred Guest








Language 



Deutsch
English
Español


Français
Italiano
Português


中文(简体)
日本語
Русский











Where to?






Close



Please enter your search criteria









Close

Enter a destination.
Enter a country.
Enter a state/province.






Check In
            














Check Out
        














Close

For stays longer than 90 days, please call 866-539-3446.
You can only book 550 days in advance.
Please double-check your dates.










WHY BOOK HERE




Search










Book & Stay







Our Company







Careers







Travel Professionals
                            
                                spg.com/travelpro








Meeting Planners
                            
                                spg.com/meetingplanner








Developers
                            
                                development.starwoodhotels.com











Hotel Directory
New Hotels
Resorts
Customer Service


Reservations
Vacation Ownership
Best Rate Guarantee


Advanced Search
Offers
Residences



Starwood Preferred Guest
Sign In to SPG.com 
Go to SPG.com 
Join now 












 4 Amazing Offers 
327 more on SPG.com
See all offers








6,000 Properties
IN MORE THAN 120 COUNTRIES




Starwood + Marriott
Marriott International and Starwood Hotels have merged to become the world’s largest hotel company.
Learn More


SPG® + Marriott Rewards®
Unlock a world of new possibilities by linking your SPG account with Marriott Rewards or The Ritz‑Carlton Rewards®.
Learn More







8 Top Destinations
Popular Locations Worldwide


CHICAGO
LOS ANGELES
SAN FRANCISCO
CARIBBEAN
PARIS
SYDNEY
HAWAII
Las Vegas







CHICAGO
Midwestern sophistication on the banks of Lake Michigan.

See All 22 Hotels






LOS ANGELES
Sunshine and Hollywood glamour infuse this West Coast city.

See All 28 Hotels






SAN FRANCISCO
Bay breezes and colorful culture, shrouded in iconic fog.

See All 29 Hotels






CARIBBEAN
Luxury and leisure surrounded by tropical perfection.

See All  Hotels






PARIS
Let the spectacular beauty and romance of Paris sweep you away.

See All 13 Hotels






SYDNEY
From its iconic Opera House to Bondi Beach, Sydney excites.

See All 5 Hotels






HAWAII
Luaus and leis in the shade of lofty palms and towering volcanoes.

See All 12 Hotels






Las Vegas
Find it all in Las Vegas, the world’s most exciting city.

See All 6 Hotels



Previous
null





1,240+ Hotels Reviewed
Unbiased Opinions From Our Guests

City Hotels
Resorts
Family Hotels
Romantic Getaways

Share Your Feedback









2 more ways to stay with us
Inspiring destinations to call home




STARWOOD RESIDENCES
Choose homes in extraordinary locations with access
to the services and amenities found in our hotels. Welcome to residences that
define new standards of living.
STARWOODRESIDENCES.COM


VACATION OWNERSHIP
Enjoy a lifetime of vacations with unmatched flexibility, stylish villa resorts in the best locations within the most sought-after destinations and exclusive access to unique experiences.
vistana.com












Find & Book

Starwood Preferred Guest
Hotel Directory
Reservations
New Hotels
SPG Resorts
Best Rate Guarantee
Help


Offers

All Offers
Resort Offers
Spa Offers
Partner Offers
Golf Offers
Beach Offers
Weekend Offers
Starpoints® Offers


Media & Investors

News
Company Overview
Investor Relations
Global Citizenship
Service Commitment
Leadership


Sites & Services

Starwood Careers
Marriott Careers
Meeting Planners
Travel Professionals
Developers
Government & Military
Auto Clubs
Vacation Ownership
Residences






WHY BOOK HERE















Stay connected to Starwood Hotels:
            

More


Mobile Options


Guest Reviews












THE RITZ CARLTON REWARDS


The Ritz-Carlton


EDITION


JW Marriott


Autograph Collection Hotels


Renaissance Hotels


Marriott Hotels and Resorts


Delta Hotels Marriott


Marriott Executive Apartments


Marriott Vacation Club




Marriott Rewards


Gaylord Hotels


AC Hotels Marriott


Courtyard Marriott


Residence Inn Marriott


SpringHill Suites Marriott


Fairfield Inn and Suites Marriott


TownePlace Suites Marriott


Protea Hotels Marriott


Moxy Hotels







Starwood Preferred Guest


ST REGIS


THE LUXURY COLLECTION


W HOTELS


WESTIN


Sheraton


Le MERIDIEN


TRIBUTE PORTFOLIO


DESIGN HOTELS


aloft HOTELS


FOUR POINTS


element












You are on StarwoodHotels.com
Starwood Hotels & Resorts


Other Starwood Brands >

Four Points
Sheraton
Aloft
W Hotels
Le Méridien
Luxury Collection
Element
Westin
St. Regis
Tribute Portfolio
Design Hotels

Starwood Preferred Guest
Starwood Hotels
Learn about our brands





                © 2017 Marriott International, Inc.,
                All rights reserved. | 
                





AdChoices








Website Terms of Use |
Updated Privacy Statement
 | Text Only


































Starwood - Wikipedia






















 






Starwood

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Starwood Hotels and Resorts Worldwide)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For other uses, see Starwood (disambiguation).

Starwood Hotels and Resorts Worldwide, LLC.





Type

Subsidiary (Marriott International)


Industry
Hospitality, tourism


Founded
1969 as a REIT
1980 as a corporation[1]


Headquarters
Stamford, Connecticut, U.S.


Products
Hotels, resorts


Brands
St. Regis
The Luxury Collection
W Hotels
Sheraton
Westin
Le Meridien
Tribute Portfolio
Design Hotels
Four Points
Aloft
Element


Revenue



 US$6.115 billion (2013) [2]
 US$6.321 billion (2012) [2]






Operating income




 US$925 million (2013) [2]
 US$912 million (2012) [2]






Net income




 US$635 million (2013) [2]
 US$562 million (2012) [2]





Total assets



 US$8.762 billion (2013) [3]
 US$8.855 billion (2012) [2]





Total equity



 US$3.363 billion (2013) [3]
 US$3.142 billion (2012) [2]





Owner
Marriott International



Number of employees

181,400 (2013)[4]


Website
www.starwoodhotels.com


Footnotes / references
[5][6]






Former Starwood logo


Starwood Hotels and Resorts Worldwide, LLC. is a subsidiary of Marriott International. Prior to its merger with Marriott, Starwood Hotels & Resorts was an American hotel and leisure company headquartered in Stamford, Connecticut.[7][8] It was one of the world's largest hotel companies that owns, operates, franchises and manages hotels, resorts, spas, residences, and vacation ownership properties under its 11 owned brands. As of 1 December 2014[update], Starwood Hotels and Resorts owned, managed, or franchised over 1,200 properties employing over 180,400 people, of whom approximately 26% were employed in the United States.[9]
On November 16, 2015, Marriott International announced it would purchase Starwood Hotels and Resorts Worldwide for $13.6 billion, creating the world's largest hotel chain once the deal closed.[10] The merger was finalized on September 23, 2016 after gaining the final approval from the American authorities.[11] After the acquisition by Marriott was approved, the Starwood Preferred Guest program announced it would provide reciprocal benefits with Marriott's guest reward program. The two programs will be merged under a single brand in the future.[12]



Contents


1 Brands

1.1 Westin
1.2 Sheraton
1.3 The Luxury Collection
1.4 Four Points by Sheraton
1.5 W Hotels
1.6 St. Regis
1.7 Le Méridien
1.8 Aloft
1.9 Element
1.10 Tribute Portfolio
1.11 Design Hotels


2 Partnerships
3 Gallery
4 See also
5 References
6 External links



Brands[edit]
The following list of Starwood brands is chronological, according to each brand's entry into Starwood.
Westin[edit]
Main article: Westin Hotels
The Westin Hotels and Resorts brand is Starwood's largest upscale hotels and resorts brand. It was bought by Starwood in 1994 and is also the oldest brand within Starwood, dating back to 1930 and still continuing with it.
Sheraton[edit]
Main article: Sheraton Hotels and Resorts
Sheraton is Starwood's "flagship" brand, providing luxury hotel and resort accommodation. It began operating in 1937 and was sold to Starwood in 1998 by ITT. Also under the Sheraton brand are 7 Vacation Ownership properties.
The Luxury Collection[edit]
The Luxury Collection brand began on January 13, 1992, when ITT Sheraton designated 28 of its premier hotels and 33 of the Sheraton Towers, the luxury "hotel-within-a-hotel" facilities located within Sheraton's largest and most exclusive hotels, as the ITT Sheraton Luxury Collection.[13] The flagship of the division was The St Regis in New York City.
The division expanded enormously two years later, in February 1994, when ITT Sheraton purchased a controlling interest in CIGA (Compagnia Italiana Grandi Alberghi, or Italian Grand Hotels Company), an Italian international hotel chain which owned a number of luxury properties across Europe.[14] The majority of the CIGA hotels were folded into the ITT Sheraton Luxury Collection. Both ITT Sheraton and later Starwood kept CIGA's original logo (the four horses of St. Mark) for The Luxury Collection brand logo until 2010; each Luxury Collection hotel now uses its own logo. After Starwood bought Sheraton, they established a separate brand identity for The Luxury Collection and expanded it. Many hotels in The Luxury Collection are smaller establishments in converted palaces or other significant buildings, others are restored historic hotels.
Some hotels in The Luxury Collection, which were originally part of the ITT Sheraton Luxury Collection, kept their Sheraton name when the Luxury division was spun off as a completely separate brand under Starwood. Most have been renamed over the last few years, there are only three such hotels remaining today, operating with the name Sheraton, but not technically part of Sheraton - Sheraton Addis (Addis Ababa, Ethiopia), Sheraton Grande Sukhumvit (Bangkok, Thailand), and Sheraton Kuwait Hotel (Kuwait City, Kuwait).
A part of the Collection, the Royal Penthouse Suite, at Hotel President Wilson in Geneva, billed at US$65,000 per night, is listed at number 1 on World's 15 Most Expensive Hotel Suites list compiled by CNN Go in 2012.[15]
Four Points by Sheraton[edit]
Main article: Four Points by Sheraton
Launched in 1995 under the Sheraton Group's brand, this brand is a set of mid-range hotels that replaced the Sheraton Inn sub-brand of Sheraton.
W Hotels[edit]
Main article: W Hotels
W Hotels is Starwood's luxury boutique hotel brand, generally marketed towards a younger crowd. It was launched in 1998 with the W New York, a conversion of the old Doral Inn hotel at 541 Lexington Avenue in Manhattan and the brand has since expanded with over fifty hotels and resorts around the world.
Though the hotels vary from newly built flagship properties to more modest conversions of previous hotels, they have a common theme of spare, minimalist modern decor and hip, informal names for categories of rooms and public areas. For example, the lobbies of all the hotels are known as the "Living Room". W Hotels attempt to include the letter W wherever possible - the swimming pool is known as "Wet", the concierge is known as "Whatever Whenever", the laundry bag in every room is known as "Wash", and so on.
St. Regis[edit]
Main article: St. Regis Hotels & Resorts
St. Regis is Starwood's main luxury brand, launched in 1999. It is named for The St. Regis Hotel in New York City, which was built in 1904 in Manhattan at 5th Avenue and 55th Street by John Jacob Astor IV, who also founded the Astoria Hotel (which later became the Waldorf-Astoria Hotel) and who died in 1912 on the RMS Titanic. In the 1930s, head bartender Fernand Petiot introduced the Bloody Mary cocktail. The St. Regis was a Sheraton from 1966 on, and following a lavish restoration from 1985 to 1991, it was part of the ITT Sheraton Luxury division before it became the cornerstone and flagship of Starwood's new brand. The brand is currently present on four continents, with a total pipeline of 57 operating and signed hotels as of April 2016.
Le Méridien[edit]
Main article: Le Méridien
Le Méridien was founded by Air France in 1972 and was sold to Starwood in 2005, by which point it was based in the UK. It has a total of 137 properties operating or in the pipeline worldwide, with its first property being Le Méridien Etoile in Paris, France. Le Méridien is positioned as an upper-upscale brand in the Starwood hierarchy and offers properties with an edge towards art, design and local destination, with each hotel customized to its respective location with the intent of "unlocking destinations" for guests. Certain locations offer guests complimentary access to art galleries and museums through collaborations and partnerships. Le Méridien has a partnership with the Italian coffee roasting company Illy, serving and promoting Illy-branded coffee and products throughout its hotels around the world.
Aloft[edit]
Main article: Aloft Hotels
Aloft, was launched in 2005 as Aloft, a Vision of W Hotels, in a relationship with W similar to Four Points by Sheraton and its 'brand parent', Sheraton. Aloft is a mid-scale, urban-style business/boutique hotel brand.
Element[edit]
Announced in 2006, and originally known as Element by Westin, this is Starwood's first brand of hotels intended to be environmentally friendly. The designs include energy and water efficient features.[16] The first Element hotel opened in Lexington, Massachusetts in July 2008.[17] Element hotels are built eco-friendly from the ground up, from the floors made of recycled materials to energy-efficient lighting and plumbing fixtures. In 2013 the first Canadian location opened in Vaughan, Ontario. In September 2014 the first German location opened in Frankfurt.
Tribute Portfolio[edit]
Launched in April 2015, Tribute Portfolio is the 10th brand of Starwood.[18] Similar to The Luxury Collection brand, Tribute Portfolio is a collection of independent hotels but with a focus on four-star hotels instead of five-star ones.[19] Individual hotels under this brand gain access to Starwood's sales platform[19] and participate in the Starwood Preferred Guest loyalty program[18] but do not share their look and feel.[20]
Design Hotels[edit]
Main article: Design Hotels
Berlin-based Design Hotels provides hospitality services to a network of nearly 300 independently owned and operated hotels. Starwood has been a majority investor in the Design Hotels since 2011.[21] In October 2015, Starwood announced that it would add Design Hotels to its brand portfolio through a new marketing partnership.[22] Member hotels of the Design Hotels collection have the option to join the Starwood Preferred Guest loyalty program and gain access to Starwood's sales platform.[23] Design Hotels continues to operate independently.[21]
Partnerships[edit]
Starwood has a credit card partnership with American Express. A former partnership with MBNA Canada Bank in Canada was replaced by American Express in 2010.
Starwood Preferred Guest also has a partnership with 32 affiliated airlines allowing guests to redeem their points for flights under the "SPG Flights" program.[24] Furthermore, SPG has a "crossover rewards" program with Delta Air Lines, offering Medallion elite members certain elite benefits at Starwood Group hotels and offering certain Medallion elite benefits to SPG Platinum Preferred Guest members.[25]
According to Starwood Hotels and Resorts' corporate profile, the SPG program has over 21 million members.[9]
Gallery[edit]

Starwood Hotels and Resorts Worldwide






Former Starwood headquarters in White Plains









Westin Times Square









The historic Westin Book-Cadillac Hotel in downtown Detroit









Sheraton Poznań









The historic Hotel Imperial in Vienna









The Romanos, a Luxury Collection Resort, Costa Navarino, Messinia, Greece









W Washington, D.C. Hotel in Washington, D.C.









The St. Regis New York









Metropol Palace in Belgrade









Hotel Romazzino in Costa Smeralda, Sardinia









Sofia Hotel Balkan, a Luxury Collection Hotel




See also[edit]


Connecticut portal
Companies portal


References[edit]


^ "Form 10-Q". p. 7. Retrieved 2007-11-12. 
^ a b c d e f g h "STARWOOD HOTEL & RESORTS WORLDWIDE, INC 2013 Annual Report Form (10-K)" (XBRL). United States Securities and Exchange Commission. February 24, 2014. 
^ a b "STARWOOD HOTEL & RESORTS WORLDWIDE, INC 2014 Q1 Quarterly Report Form (10-Q)" (XBRL). United States Securities and Exchange Commission. April 24, 2014. 
^ STARWOOD HOTELS & RESORTS WORLDWIDE, INC.Form 10-K, Securities and Exchange Commission, February 24, 2014
^ Starwood Hotels & Resorts (HOT) annual SEC income statement filing. Wikinvest. Retrieved 7 February 2011.
^ Starwood Hotels & Resorts (HOT) annual SEC balance sheet filing. Wikinvest. Retrieved 7 February 2011.
^ "Investor Overview". Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide. Retrieved April 7, 2013.
^ "Starwood Hotels & Resorts (HOT) Details". Bloomberg L.P. Retrieved 1 September 2014. 
^ a b "Company Overview". Starwood Hotels and Resorts. 
^ Nycz-Conner, Jennifer (November 16, 2015). "Marriott International to acquire Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide in $12.2 billion deal". Washington Business Journal. Retrieved November 16, 2015. 
^ Trejos, Nancy (September 23, 2016). "Marriott, Starwood merger is complete, loyalty programs will reciprocate". USA Today. Retrieved September 24, 2016. 
^ "Marriott, Starwood merger is complete, loyalty programs will reciprocate". USA Today. Retrieved 24 September 2016. 
^ https://www.thefreelibrary.com/ITT+SHERATON+CORPORATION+EXTENDS+SEGMENTATION+BY+PREMIERING+THE+ITT...-a014695306
^ https://www.nytimes.com/1994/02/10/business/company-news-itt-s-sheraton-unit-in-pact-to-buy-ciga-hotels-of-italy.html
^ Arnold, Helen "World's 15 most expensive hotel suites". CNN Go. 25 March 2012. Retrieved 2012-04-11
^ "ELEMENT Lexington opens its doors". TTG MENA. Archived from the original on January 25, 2009. Retrieved 4 January 2009. 
^ "Opening Day of ELEMENT Lexington Marks the World Premiere of Starwood Hotels' Newest..." (Press release). Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide. 1 July 2008. Retrieved 7 February 2011. 
^ a b "Starwood Hotels Introduces Tribute Portfolio" (Press release). Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide. April 16, 2015. Retrieved April 17, 2015. 
^ a b "Why Starwood Launched Tribute Portfolio". Forbes. April 16, 2015. Retrieved April 17, 2015. 
^ "Starwood unveils a new 10th brand; Loews adds a third". USA TODAY. April 16, 2015. Retrieved April 17, 2015. 
^ a b "More Access, More Destinations: Starwood Hotels & Resorts Expands Partnership with Design Hotels" (Press release). Starwood. December 1, 2015. Retrieved February 1, 2016. 
^ "New Starwood brand to be partnership with Design Hotels". Travel Weekly. October 30, 2015. Retrieved February 1, 2016. 
^ "Hotel and Tour News: A Lodge in Kenya Evokes 'Out of Africa'". The New York Times. December 23, 2015. Retrieved February 1, 2016. 
^ "SPG Flights". SPG Flights. Retrieved 2014-05-14. 
^ "Crossover Rewards with SPG and Delta SkyMiles". Starwood Hotels & Resorts. Retrieved 2017-01-05. 


External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Starwood Hotels and Resorts Worldwide.



Starwood Hotels and Resorts Worldwide official website







v
t
e


Hotel chains



Accor



Adagio
Fairmont Hotels
Formule 1/F1/Formula 1
Ibis

Budget
Styles


Mama Shelter
Mercure / Grand Mercure
MGallery
Novotel

Suite Novotel


Pullman
Raffles
The Sebel
Sofitel
Swissotel
Thalassa sea & spa





Carlson Rezidor



Country Inns & Suites
Park Inn
Park Plaza
Quorvus Collection
Radisson
Radisson Blu
Radisson Red





Choice Hotels



Ascend Collection
Cambria Hotels & Suites
Clarion
Comfort Inn
Comfort Suites
Econo Lodge
MainStay Suites
Quality Inn
Rodeway Inn
Sleep Inn
Suburban Extended Stay Hotel





Hilton



Canopy by Hilton
Conrad Hotels
Curio collection
DoubleTree
Embassy Suites
Hampton by Hilton
Hilton Garden Inn
Hilton Grand Vacations
Hilton Hotels & Resorts
Home2 Suites
Homewood Suites
Tru by Hilton
Waldorf Astoria





Home Inn



Fairyland Hotel
Home Inn
Motel 168
Yitel





Hospitality International



Downtowner Inns
Master Host Inns
Passport Inns
Red Carpet Inn
Scottish Inns





Hyatt



Andaz
Grand Hyatt
Hyatt
Hyatt Centric
Hyatt House
Hyatt Place
Hyatt Regency
Hyatt Zilara / Hyatt Ziva
Park Hyatt





InterContinental



Candlewood Suites
Crowne Plaza
Even Hotels
Holiday Inn
Holiday Inn Express
Hotel Indigo
InterContinental
Kimpton Hotels
Staybridge Suites





Marriott



AC Hotels
Aloft Hotels
Autograph Collection
Bulgari Hotels & Resorts
Courtyard
Delta Hotels
Design Hotels
EDITION Hotels
Element by Westin
ExecuStay
Fairfield Inn
Four Points
Gaylord Hotels
Grand Residences
JW Marriott
Le Méridien
The Luxury Collection
Marriott Conference Centers
Marriott Executive Apartments
Marriott Golf
Marriott Hotels & Resorts
Marriott Vacation Club
Moxy Hotels
Protea Hotels
Renaissance Hotels
Residence Inn
Ritz-Carlton
Ritz-Carlton Destination Club
St. Regis
Sheraton
SpringHill Suites
TownePlace Suites
Tribute Portfolio
W Hotels
Westin





Pan Pacific



Pan Pacific
Parkroyal





Red Lion



3 Palms Hotels & Resorts
America's Best Inns
Americas Best Value Inns
Canadas Best Value Inns
Country Hearth Inns & Suites
GuestHouse
Hotel RL
Jameson Inn
Lexington Hotels & Inns
Red Lion Hotels
Red Lion Inn & Suites
Settle Inn





Taj Hotels



Gateway
Ginger
Taj
Vivanta





Trump International



Chicago
Honolulu
Las Vegas
NYC
Washington DC
Panama
Vancouver





Wyndham



Baymont Inn & Suites
Days Inn
Dolce Hotels and Resorts
Hawthorn Suites
Howard Johnson
Knights Inn
Microtel Inn And Suites
Ramada
Super 8
Travelodge
TRYP by Wyndham
Wingate by Wyndham
Wyndham Grand
Wyndham Hotels & Resorts





Other



7 Days Inn
Ace
Aerowisata
Aman Resorts
AmericInn
Apex
Aqua
Archipelago
Best Western
Boscolo
Budget Host
Canad Inns
Canalta
Center Parcs
Club Med
Club Quarters
Coast
Cobblestone
Dan
Drury
Easy Hotel
Extended Stay America
Fiesta Inn
Four Seasons
Hoshino
Huazhu Hotels
Iberostar
InTown Suites
Isrotel
ITC Hotels
Jumeirah
Kempinski
La Quinta
Leading Hotels of the World
Loews
Lotte
Magnuson
Mandarin Oriental
Marco Polo
Masters Inn
Meliá
MGM Resorts
Millennium & Copthorne
Morgans
Motel 6
Motel One
Mövenpick
My Place Hotels
NH
Nikko
Oberoi
Omni
Outrigger
Paradores
Peninsula
Pestana
Pousadas de Portugal
Premier Inn
Prince
Pueblo Bonito
Red Roof Inn
RIU
Sandman
Santika Indonesia
Scandic
Shangri-La
Standard
Steigenberger
Swiss-Belhotel
The Leela
Thistle
Toyoko Inn
Trident
Value Place
Vienna
Virgin





Defunct



Adam's Mark
Alamo Plaza Hotel Courts
AmeriHost Inn
AmeriSuites
Crest Hotels
Cross Country Inn
Denizen Hotels
Esso Motor Hotel
Exel Inn
Forte
Fred Harvey
Friendship Inn
Hiway House
Imperial 400
Jack Tar Hotels
Nickelodeon Resorts by Marriott
The Real Hotel Company
Roundtowner Inn
Shoney's Inn
Statler Hotels
Summerfield Suites
Susse Chalet
Tage Inn
United Hotels Company of America
Vantage Hospitality
Wilson World Hotels





Lists



Hotels

chained-brand
largest
United States


Motels








 Category
 Commons










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Starwood&oldid=791809231"					
Categories: Starwood Hotels and Resorts WorldwideCompanies established in 19692016 acquisitionsHospitality companies of the United StatesOpenTravel AllianceHidden categories: Pages using deprecated image syntaxArticles containing potentially dated statements from December 2014All articles containing potentially dated statements 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


বাংলাDeutschEspañolFrançais한국어Bahasa IndonesiaItaliano日本語PolskiРусскийไทย中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 22 July 2017, at 16:32.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Starwood - Wikipedia






















 






Starwood

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Starwood Hotels and Resorts Worldwide)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For other uses, see Starwood (disambiguation).

Starwood Hotels and Resorts Worldwide, LLC.





Type

Subsidiary (Marriott International)


Industry
Hospitality, tourism


Founded
1969 as a REIT
1980 as a corporation[1]


Headquarters
Stamford, Connecticut, U.S.


Products
Hotels, resorts


Brands
St. Regis
The Luxury Collection
W Hotels
Sheraton
Westin
Le Meridien
Tribute Portfolio
Design Hotels
Four Points
Aloft
Element


Revenue



 US$6.115 billion (2013) [2]
 US$6.321 billion (2012) [2]






Operating income




 US$925 million (2013) [2]
 US$912 million (2012) [2]






Net income




 US$635 million (2013) [2]
 US$562 million (2012) [2]





Total assets



 US$8.762 billion (2013) [3]
 US$8.855 billion (2012) [2]





Total equity



 US$3.363 billion (2013) [3]
 US$3.142 billion (2012) [2]





Owner
Marriott International



Number of employees

181,400 (2013)[4]


Website
www.starwoodhotels.com


Footnotes / references
[5][6]






Former Starwood logo


Starwood Hotels and Resorts Worldwide, LLC. is a subsidiary of Marriott International. Prior to its merger with Marriott, Starwood Hotels & Resorts was an American hotel and leisure company headquartered in Stamford, Connecticut.[7][8] It was one of the world's largest hotel companies that owns, operates, franchises and manages hotels, resorts, spas, residences, and vacation ownership properties under its 11 owned brands. As of 1 December 2014[update], Starwood Hotels and Resorts owned, managed, or franchised over 1,200 properties employing over 180,400 people, of whom approximately 26% were employed in the United States.[9]
On November 16, 2015, Marriott International announced it would purchase Starwood Hotels and Resorts Worldwide for $13.6 billion, creating the world's largest hotel chain once the deal closed.[10] The merger was finalized on September 23, 2016 after gaining the final approval from the American authorities.[11] After the acquisition by Marriott was approved, the Starwood Preferred Guest program announced it would provide reciprocal benefits with Marriott's guest reward program. The two programs will be merged under a single brand in the future.[12]



Contents


1 Brands

1.1 Westin
1.2 Sheraton
1.3 The Luxury Collection
1.4 Four Points by Sheraton
1.5 W Hotels
1.6 St. Regis
1.7 Le Méridien
1.8 Aloft
1.9 Element
1.10 Tribute Portfolio
1.11 Design Hotels


2 Partnerships
3 Gallery
4 See also
5 References
6 External links



Brands[edit]
The following list of Starwood brands is chronological, according to each brand's entry into Starwood.
Westin[edit]
Main article: Westin Hotels
The Westin Hotels and Resorts brand is Starwood's largest upscale hotels and resorts brand. It was bought by Starwood in 1994 and is also the oldest brand within Starwood, dating back to 1930 and still continuing with it.
Sheraton[edit]
Main article: Sheraton Hotels and Resorts
Sheraton is Starwood's "flagship" brand, providing luxury hotel and resort accommodation. It began operating in 1937 and was sold to Starwood in 1998 by ITT. Also under the Sheraton brand are 7 Vacation Ownership properties.
The Luxury Collection[edit]
The Luxury Collection brand began on January 13, 1992, when ITT Sheraton designated 28 of its premier hotels and 33 of the Sheraton Towers, the luxury "hotel-within-a-hotel" facilities located within Sheraton's largest and most exclusive hotels, as the ITT Sheraton Luxury Collection.[13] The flagship of the division was The St Regis in New York City.
The division expanded enormously two years later, in February 1994, when ITT Sheraton purchased a controlling interest in CIGA (Compagnia Italiana Grandi Alberghi, or Italian Grand Hotels Company), an Italian international hotel chain which owned a number of luxury properties across Europe.[14] The majority of the CIGA hotels were folded into the ITT Sheraton Luxury Collection. Both ITT Sheraton and later Starwood kept CIGA's original logo (the four horses of St. Mark) for The Luxury Collection brand logo until 2010; each Luxury Collection hotel now uses its own logo. After Starwood bought Sheraton, they established a separate brand identity for The Luxury Collection and expanded it. Many hotels in The Luxury Collection are smaller establishments in converted palaces or other significant buildings, others are restored historic hotels.
Some hotels in The Luxury Collection, which were originally part of the ITT Sheraton Luxury Collection, kept their Sheraton name when the Luxury division was spun off as a completely separate brand under Starwood. Most have been renamed over the last few years, there are only three such hotels remaining today, operating with the name Sheraton, but not technically part of Sheraton - Sheraton Addis (Addis Ababa, Ethiopia), Sheraton Grande Sukhumvit (Bangkok, Thailand), and Sheraton Kuwait Hotel (Kuwait City, Kuwait).
A part of the Collection, the Royal Penthouse Suite, at Hotel President Wilson in Geneva, billed at US$65,000 per night, is listed at number 1 on World's 15 Most Expensive Hotel Suites list compiled by CNN Go in 2012.[15]
Four Points by Sheraton[edit]
Main article: Four Points by Sheraton
Launched in 1995 under the Sheraton Group's brand, this brand is a set of mid-range hotels that replaced the Sheraton Inn sub-brand of Sheraton.
W Hotels[edit]
Main article: W Hotels
W Hotels is Starwood's luxury boutique hotel brand, generally marketed towards a younger crowd. It was launched in 1998 with the W New York, a conversion of the old Doral Inn hotel at 541 Lexington Avenue in Manhattan and the brand has since expanded with over fifty hotels and resorts around the world.
Though the hotels vary from newly built flagship properties to more modest conversions of previous hotels, they have a common theme of spare, minimalist modern decor and hip, informal names for categories of rooms and public areas. For example, the lobbies of all the hotels are known as the "Living Room". W Hotels attempt to include the letter W wherever possible - the swimming pool is known as "Wet", the concierge is known as "Whatever Whenever", the laundry bag in every room is known as "Wash", and so on.
St. Regis[edit]
Main article: St. Regis Hotels & Resorts
St. Regis is Starwood's main luxury brand, launched in 1999. It is named for The St. Regis Hotel in New York City, which was built in 1904 in Manhattan at 5th Avenue and 55th Street by John Jacob Astor IV, who also founded the Astoria Hotel (which later became the Waldorf-Astoria Hotel) and who died in 1912 on the RMS Titanic. In the 1930s, head bartender Fernand Petiot introduced the Bloody Mary cocktail. The St. Regis was a Sheraton from 1966 on, and following a lavish restoration from 1985 to 1991, it was part of the ITT Sheraton Luxury division before it became the cornerstone and flagship of Starwood's new brand. The brand is currently present on four continents, with a total pipeline of 57 operating and signed hotels as of April 2016.
Le Méridien[edit]
Main article: Le Méridien
Le Méridien was founded by Air France in 1972 and was sold to Starwood in 2005, by which point it was based in the UK. It has a total of 137 properties operating or in the pipeline worldwide, with its first property being Le Méridien Etoile in Paris, France. Le Méridien is positioned as an upper-upscale brand in the Starwood hierarchy and offers properties with an edge towards art, design and local destination, with each hotel customized to its respective location with the intent of "unlocking destinations" for guests. Certain locations offer guests complimentary access to art galleries and museums through collaborations and partnerships. Le Méridien has a partnership with the Italian coffee roasting company Illy, serving and promoting Illy-branded coffee and products throughout its hotels around the world.
Aloft[edit]
Main article: Aloft Hotels
Aloft, was launched in 2005 as Aloft, a Vision of W Hotels, in a relationship with W similar to Four Points by Sheraton and its 'brand parent', Sheraton. Aloft is a mid-scale, urban-style business/boutique hotel brand.
Element[edit]
Announced in 2006, and originally known as Element by Westin, this is Starwood's first brand of hotels intended to be environmentally friendly. The designs include energy and water efficient features.[16] The first Element hotel opened in Lexington, Massachusetts in July 2008.[17] Element hotels are built eco-friendly from the ground up, from the floors made of recycled materials to energy-efficient lighting and plumbing fixtures. In 2013 the first Canadian location opened in Vaughan, Ontario. In September 2014 the first German location opened in Frankfurt.
Tribute Portfolio[edit]
Launched in April 2015, Tribute Portfolio is the 10th brand of Starwood.[18] Similar to The Luxury Collection brand, Tribute Portfolio is a collection of independent hotels but with a focus on four-star hotels instead of five-star ones.[19] Individual hotels under this brand gain access to Starwood's sales platform[19] and participate in the Starwood Preferred Guest loyalty program[18] but do not share their look and feel.[20]
Design Hotels[edit]
Main article: Design Hotels
Berlin-based Design Hotels provides hospitality services to a network of nearly 300 independently owned and operated hotels. Starwood has been a majority investor in the Design Hotels since 2011.[21] In October 2015, Starwood announced that it would add Design Hotels to its brand portfolio through a new marketing partnership.[22] Member hotels of the Design Hotels collection have the option to join the Starwood Preferred Guest loyalty program and gain access to Starwood's sales platform.[23] Design Hotels continues to operate independently.[21]
Partnerships[edit]
Starwood has a credit card partnership with American Express. A former partnership with MBNA Canada Bank in Canada was replaced by American Express in 2010.
Starwood Preferred Guest also has a partnership with 32 affiliated airlines allowing guests to redeem their points for flights under the "SPG Flights" program.[24] Furthermore, SPG has a "crossover rewards" program with Delta Air Lines, offering Medallion elite members certain elite benefits at Starwood Group hotels and offering certain Medallion elite benefits to SPG Platinum Preferred Guest members.[25]
According to Starwood Hotels and Resorts' corporate profile, the SPG program has over 21 million members.[9]
Gallery[edit]

Starwood Hotels and Resorts Worldwide






Former Starwood headquarters in White Plains









Westin Times Square









The historic Westin Book-Cadillac Hotel in downtown Detroit









Sheraton Poznań









The historic Hotel Imperial in Vienna









The Romanos, a Luxury Collection Resort, Costa Navarino, Messinia, Greece









W Washington, D.C. Hotel in Washington, D.C.









The St. Regis New York









Metropol Palace in Belgrade









Hotel Romazzino in Costa Smeralda, Sardinia









Sofia Hotel Balkan, a Luxury Collection Hotel




See also[edit]


Connecticut portal
Companies portal


References[edit]


^ "Form 10-Q". p. 7. Retrieved 2007-11-12. 
^ a b c d e f g h "STARWOOD HOTEL & RESORTS WORLDWIDE, INC 2013 Annual Report Form (10-K)" (XBRL). United States Securities and Exchange Commission. February 24, 2014. 
^ a b "STARWOOD HOTEL & RESORTS WORLDWIDE, INC 2014 Q1 Quarterly Report Form (10-Q)" (XBRL). United States Securities and Exchange Commission. April 24, 2014. 
^ STARWOOD HOTELS & RESORTS WORLDWIDE, INC.Form 10-K, Securities and Exchange Commission, February 24, 2014
^ Starwood Hotels & Resorts (HOT) annual SEC income statement filing. Wikinvest. Retrieved 7 February 2011.
^ Starwood Hotels & Resorts (HOT) annual SEC balance sheet filing. Wikinvest. Retrieved 7 February 2011.
^ "Investor Overview". Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide. Retrieved April 7, 2013.
^ "Starwood Hotels & Resorts (HOT) Details". Bloomberg L.P. Retrieved 1 September 2014. 
^ a b "Company Overview". Starwood Hotels and Resorts. 
^ Nycz-Conner, Jennifer (November 16, 2015). "Marriott International to acquire Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide in $12.2 billion deal". Washington Business Journal. Retrieved November 16, 2015. 
^ Trejos, Nancy (September 23, 2016). "Marriott, Starwood merger is complete, loyalty programs will reciprocate". USA Today. Retrieved September 24, 2016. 
^ "Marriott, Starwood merger is complete, loyalty programs will reciprocate". USA Today. Retrieved 24 September 2016. 
^ https://www.thefreelibrary.com/ITT+SHERATON+CORPORATION+EXTENDS+SEGMENTATION+BY+PREMIERING+THE+ITT...-a014695306
^ https://www.nytimes.com/1994/02/10/business/company-news-itt-s-sheraton-unit-in-pact-to-buy-ciga-hotels-of-italy.html
^ Arnold, Helen "World's 15 most expensive hotel suites". CNN Go. 25 March 2012. Retrieved 2012-04-11
^ "ELEMENT Lexington opens its doors". TTG MENA. Archived from the original on January 25, 2009. Retrieved 4 January 2009. 
^ "Opening Day of ELEMENT Lexington Marks the World Premiere of Starwood Hotels' Newest..." (Press release). Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide. 1 July 2008. Retrieved 7 February 2011. 
^ a b "Starwood Hotels Introduces Tribute Portfolio" (Press release). Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide. April 16, 2015. Retrieved April 17, 2015. 
^ a b "Why Starwood Launched Tribute Portfolio". Forbes. April 16, 2015. Retrieved April 17, 2015. 
^ "Starwood unveils a new 10th brand; Loews adds a third". USA TODAY. April 16, 2015. Retrieved April 17, 2015. 
^ a b "More Access, More Destinations: Starwood Hotels & Resorts Expands Partnership with Design Hotels" (Press release). Starwood. December 1, 2015. Retrieved February 1, 2016. 
^ "New Starwood brand to be partnership with Design Hotels". Travel Weekly. October 30, 2015. Retrieved February 1, 2016. 
^ "Hotel and Tour News: A Lodge in Kenya Evokes 'Out of Africa'". The New York Times. December 23, 2015. Retrieved February 1, 2016. 
^ "SPG Flights". SPG Flights. Retrieved 2014-05-14. 
^ "Crossover Rewards with SPG and Delta SkyMiles". Starwood Hotels & Resorts. Retrieved 2017-01-05. 


External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Starwood Hotels and Resorts Worldwide.



Starwood Hotels and Resorts Worldwide official website







v
t
e


Hotel chains



Accor



Adagio
Fairmont Hotels
Formule 1/F1/Formula 1
Ibis

Budget
Styles


Mama Shelter
Mercure / Grand Mercure
MGallery
Novotel

Suite Novotel


Pullman
Raffles
The Sebel
Sofitel
Swissotel
Thalassa sea & spa





Carlson Rezidor



Country Inns & Suites
Park Inn
Park Plaza
Quorvus Collection
Radisson
Radisson Blu
Radisson Red





Choice Hotels



Ascend Collection
Cambria Hotels & Suites
Clarion
Comfort Inn
Comfort Suites
Econo Lodge
MainStay Suites
Quality Inn
Rodeway Inn
Sleep Inn
Suburban Extended Stay Hotel





Hilton



Canopy by Hilton
Conrad Hotels
Curio collection
DoubleTree
Embassy Suites
Hampton by Hilton
Hilton Garden Inn
Hilton Grand Vacations
Hilton Hotels & Resorts
Home2 Suites
Homewood Suites
Tru by Hilton
Waldorf Astoria





Home Inn



Fairyland Hotel
Home Inn
Motel 168
Yitel





Hospitality International



Downtowner Inns
Master Host Inns
Passport Inns
Red Carpet Inn
Scottish Inns





Hyatt



Andaz
Grand Hyatt
Hyatt
Hyatt Centric
Hyatt House
Hyatt Place
Hyatt Regency
Hyatt Zilara / Hyatt Ziva
Park Hyatt





InterContinental



Candlewood Suites
Crowne Plaza
Even Hotels
Holiday Inn
Holiday Inn Express
Hotel Indigo
InterContinental
Kimpton Hotels
Staybridge Suites





Marriott



AC Hotels
Aloft Hotels
Autograph Collection
Bulgari Hotels & Resorts
Courtyard
Delta Hotels
Design Hotels
EDITION Hotels
Element by Westin
ExecuStay
Fairfield Inn
Four Points
Gaylord Hotels
Grand Residences
JW Marriott
Le Méridien
The Luxury Collection
Marriott Conference Centers
Marriott Executive Apartments
Marriott Golf
Marriott Hotels & Resorts
Marriott Vacation Club
Moxy Hotels
Protea Hotels
Renaissance Hotels
Residence Inn
Ritz-Carlton
Ritz-Carlton Destination Club
St. Regis
Sheraton
SpringHill Suites
TownePlace Suites
Tribute Portfolio
W Hotels
Westin





Pan Pacific



Pan Pacific
Parkroyal





Red Lion



3 Palms Hotels & Resorts
America's Best Inns
Americas Best Value Inns
Canadas Best Value Inns
Country Hearth Inns & Suites
GuestHouse
Hotel RL
Jameson Inn
Lexington Hotels & Inns
Red Lion Hotels
Red Lion Inn & Suites
Settle Inn





Taj Hotels



Gateway
Ginger
Taj
Vivanta





Trump International



Chicago
Honolulu
Las Vegas
NYC
Washington DC
Panama
Vancouver





Wyndham



Baymont Inn & Suites
Days Inn
Dolce Hotels and Resorts
Hawthorn Suites
Howard Johnson
Knights Inn
Microtel Inn And Suites
Ramada
Super 8
Travelodge
TRYP by Wyndham
Wingate by Wyndham
Wyndham Grand
Wyndham Hotels & Resorts





Other



7 Days Inn
Ace
Aerowisata
Aman Resorts
AmericInn
Apex
Aqua
Archipelago
Best Western
Boscolo
Budget Host
Canad Inns
Canalta
Center Parcs
Club Med
Club Quarters
Coast
Cobblestone
Dan
Drury
Easy Hotel
Extended Stay America
Fiesta Inn
Four Seasons
Hoshino
Huazhu Hotels
Iberostar
InTown Suites
Isrotel
ITC Hotels
Jumeirah
Kempinski
La Quinta
Leading Hotels of the World
Loews
Lotte
Magnuson
Mandarin Oriental
Marco Polo
Masters Inn
Meliá
MGM Resorts
Millennium & Copthorne
Morgans
Motel 6
Motel One
Mövenpick
My Place Hotels
NH
Nikko
Oberoi
Omni
Outrigger
Paradores
Peninsula
Pestana
Pousadas de Portugal
Premier Inn
Prince
Pueblo Bonito
Red Roof Inn
RIU
Sandman
Santika Indonesia
Scandic
Shangri-La
Standard
Steigenberger
Swiss-Belhotel
The Leela
Thistle
Toyoko Inn
Trident
Value Place
Vienna
Virgin





Defunct



Adam's Mark
Alamo Plaza Hotel Courts
AmeriHost Inn
AmeriSuites
Crest Hotels
Cross Country Inn
Denizen Hotels
Esso Motor Hotel
Exel Inn
Forte
Fred Harvey
Friendship Inn
Hiway House
Imperial 400
Jack Tar Hotels
Nickelodeon Resorts by Marriott
The Real Hotel Company
Roundtowner Inn
Shoney's Inn
Statler Hotels
Summerfield Suites
Susse Chalet
Tage Inn
United Hotels Company of America
Vantage Hospitality
Wilson World Hotels





Lists



Hotels

chained-brand
largest
United States


Motels








 Category
 Commons










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Starwood&oldid=791809231"					
Categories: Starwood Hotels and Resorts WorldwideCompanies established in 19692016 acquisitionsHospitality companies of the United StatesOpenTravel AllianceHidden categories: Pages using deprecated image syntaxArticles containing potentially dated statements from December 2014All articles containing potentially dated statements 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


বাংলাDeutschEspañolFrançais한국어Bahasa IndonesiaItaliano日本語PolskiРусскийไทย中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 22 July 2017, at 16:32.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Starwood - Wikipedia






















 






Starwood

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Starwood Hotels and Resorts Worldwide)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For other uses, see Starwood (disambiguation).

Starwood Hotels and Resorts Worldwide, LLC.





Type

Subsidiary (Marriott International)


Industry
Hospitality, tourism


Founded
1969 as a REIT
1980 as a corporation[1]


Headquarters
Stamford, Connecticut, U.S.


Products
Hotels, resorts


Brands
St. Regis
The Luxury Collection
W Hotels
Sheraton
Westin
Le Meridien
Tribute Portfolio
Design Hotels
Four Points
Aloft
Element


Revenue



 US$6.115 billion (2013) [2]
 US$6.321 billion (2012) [2]






Operating income




 US$925 million (2013) [2]
 US$912 million (2012) [2]






Net income




 US$635 million (2013) [2]
 US$562 million (2012) [2]





Total assets



 US$8.762 billion (2013) [3]
 US$8.855 billion (2012) [2]





Total equity



 US$3.363 billion (2013) [3]
 US$3.142 billion (2012) [2]





Owner
Marriott International



Number of employees

181,400 (2013)[4]


Website
www.starwoodhotels.com


Footnotes / references
[5][6]






Former Starwood logo


Starwood Hotels and Resorts Worldwide, LLC. is a subsidiary of Marriott International. Prior to its merger with Marriott, Starwood Hotels & Resorts was an American hotel and leisure company headquartered in Stamford, Connecticut.[7][8] It was one of the world's largest hotel companies that owns, operates, franchises and manages hotels, resorts, spas, residences, and vacation ownership properties under its 11 owned brands. As of 1 December 2014[update], Starwood Hotels and Resorts owned, managed, or franchised over 1,200 properties employing over 180,400 people, of whom approximately 26% were employed in the United States.[9]
On November 16, 2015, Marriott International announced it would purchase Starwood Hotels and Resorts Worldwide for $13.6 billion, creating the world's largest hotel chain once the deal closed.[10] The merger was finalized on September 23, 2016 after gaining the final approval from the American authorities.[11] After the acquisition by Marriott was approved, the Starwood Preferred Guest program announced it would provide reciprocal benefits with Marriott's guest reward program. The two programs will be merged under a single brand in the future.[12]



Contents


1 Brands

1.1 Westin
1.2 Sheraton
1.3 The Luxury Collection
1.4 Four Points by Sheraton
1.5 W Hotels
1.6 St. Regis
1.7 Le Méridien
1.8 Aloft
1.9 Element
1.10 Tribute Portfolio
1.11 Design Hotels


2 Partnerships
3 Gallery
4 See also
5 References
6 External links



Brands[edit]
The following list of Starwood brands is chronological, according to each brand's entry into Starwood.
Westin[edit]
Main article: Westin Hotels
The Westin Hotels and Resorts brand is Starwood's largest upscale hotels and resorts brand. It was bought by Starwood in 1994 and is also the oldest brand within Starwood, dating back to 1930 and still continuing with it.
Sheraton[edit]
Main article: Sheraton Hotels and Resorts
Sheraton is Starwood's "flagship" brand, providing luxury hotel and resort accommodation. It began operating in 1937 and was sold to Starwood in 1998 by ITT. Also under the Sheraton brand are 7 Vacation Ownership properties.
The Luxury Collection[edit]
The Luxury Collection brand began on January 13, 1992, when ITT Sheraton designated 28 of its premier hotels and 33 of the Sheraton Towers, the luxury "hotel-within-a-hotel" facilities located within Sheraton's largest and most exclusive hotels, as the ITT Sheraton Luxury Collection.[13] The flagship of the division was The St Regis in New York City.
The division expanded enormously two years later, in February 1994, when ITT Sheraton purchased a controlling interest in CIGA (Compagnia Italiana Grandi Alberghi, or Italian Grand Hotels Company), an Italian international hotel chain which owned a number of luxury properties across Europe.[14] The majority of the CIGA hotels were folded into the ITT Sheraton Luxury Collection. Both ITT Sheraton and later Starwood kept CIGA's original logo (the four horses of St. Mark) for The Luxury Collection brand logo until 2010; each Luxury Collection hotel now uses its own logo. After Starwood bought Sheraton, they established a separate brand identity for The Luxury Collection and expanded it. Many hotels in The Luxury Collection are smaller establishments in converted palaces or other significant buildings, others are restored historic hotels.
Some hotels in The Luxury Collection, which were originally part of the ITT Sheraton Luxury Collection, kept their Sheraton name when the Luxury division was spun off as a completely separate brand under Starwood. Most have been renamed over the last few years, there are only three such hotels remaining today, operating with the name Sheraton, but not technically part of Sheraton - Sheraton Addis (Addis Ababa, Ethiopia), Sheraton Grande Sukhumvit (Bangkok, Thailand), and Sheraton Kuwait Hotel (Kuwait City, Kuwait).
A part of the Collection, the Royal Penthouse Suite, at Hotel President Wilson in Geneva, billed at US$65,000 per night, is listed at number 1 on World's 15 Most Expensive Hotel Suites list compiled by CNN Go in 2012.[15]
Four Points by Sheraton[edit]
Main article: Four Points by Sheraton
Launched in 1995 under the Sheraton Group's brand, this brand is a set of mid-range hotels that replaced the Sheraton Inn sub-brand of Sheraton.
W Hotels[edit]
Main article: W Hotels
W Hotels is Starwood's luxury boutique hotel brand, generally marketed towards a younger crowd. It was launched in 1998 with the W New York, a conversion of the old Doral Inn hotel at 541 Lexington Avenue in Manhattan and the brand has since expanded with over fifty hotels and resorts around the world.
Though the hotels vary from newly built flagship properties to more modest conversions of previous hotels, they have a common theme of spare, minimalist modern decor and hip, informal names for categories of rooms and public areas. For example, the lobbies of all the hotels are known as the "Living Room". W Hotels attempt to include the letter W wherever possible - the swimming pool is known as "Wet", the concierge is known as "Whatever Whenever", the laundry bag in every room is known as "Wash", and so on.
St. Regis[edit]
Main article: St. Regis Hotels & Resorts
St. Regis is Starwood's main luxury brand, launched in 1999. It is named for The St. Regis Hotel in New York City, which was built in 1904 in Manhattan at 5th Avenue and 55th Street by John Jacob Astor IV, who also founded the Astoria Hotel (which later became the Waldorf-Astoria Hotel) and who died in 1912 on the RMS Titanic. In the 1930s, head bartender Fernand Petiot introduced the Bloody Mary cocktail. The St. Regis was a Sheraton from 1966 on, and following a lavish restoration from 1985 to 1991, it was part of the ITT Sheraton Luxury division before it became the cornerstone and flagship of Starwood's new brand. The brand is currently present on four continents, with a total pipeline of 57 operating and signed hotels as of April 2016.
Le Méridien[edit]
Main article: Le Méridien
Le Méridien was founded by Air France in 1972 and was sold to Starwood in 2005, by which point it was based in the UK. It has a total of 137 properties operating or in the pipeline worldwide, with its first property being Le Méridien Etoile in Paris, France. Le Méridien is positioned as an upper-upscale brand in the Starwood hierarchy and offers properties with an edge towards art, design and local destination, with each hotel customized to its respective location with the intent of "unlocking destinations" for guests. Certain locations offer guests complimentary access to art galleries and museums through collaborations and partnerships. Le Méridien has a partnership with the Italian coffee roasting company Illy, serving and promoting Illy-branded coffee and products throughout its hotels around the world.
Aloft[edit]
Main article: Aloft Hotels
Aloft, was launched in 2005 as Aloft, a Vision of W Hotels, in a relationship with W similar to Four Points by Sheraton and its 'brand parent', Sheraton. Aloft is a mid-scale, urban-style business/boutique hotel brand.
Element[edit]
Announced in 2006, and originally known as Element by Westin, this is Starwood's first brand of hotels intended to be environmentally friendly. The designs include energy and water efficient features.[16] The first Element hotel opened in Lexington, Massachusetts in July 2008.[17] Element hotels are built eco-friendly from the ground up, from the floors made of recycled materials to energy-efficient lighting and plumbing fixtures. In 2013 the first Canadian location opened in Vaughan, Ontario. In September 2014 the first German location opened in Frankfurt.
Tribute Portfolio[edit]
Launched in April 2015, Tribute Portfolio is the 10th brand of Starwood.[18] Similar to The Luxury Collection brand, Tribute Portfolio is a collection of independent hotels but with a focus on four-star hotels instead of five-star ones.[19] Individual hotels under this brand gain access to Starwood's sales platform[19] and participate in the Starwood Preferred Guest loyalty program[18] but do not share their look and feel.[20]
Design Hotels[edit]
Main article: Design Hotels
Berlin-based Design Hotels provides hospitality services to a network of nearly 300 independently owned and operated hotels. Starwood has been a majority investor in the Design Hotels since 2011.[21] In October 2015, Starwood announced that it would add Design Hotels to its brand portfolio through a new marketing partnership.[22] Member hotels of the Design Hotels collection have the option to join the Starwood Preferred Guest loyalty program and gain access to Starwood's sales platform.[23] Design Hotels continues to operate independently.[21]
Partnerships[edit]
Starwood has a credit card partnership with American Express. A former partnership with MBNA Canada Bank in Canada was replaced by American Express in 2010.
Starwood Preferred Guest also has a partnership with 32 affiliated airlines allowing guests to redeem their points for flights under the "SPG Flights" program.[24] Furthermore, SPG has a "crossover rewards" program with Delta Air Lines, offering Medallion elite members certain elite benefits at Starwood Group hotels and offering certain Medallion elite benefits to SPG Platinum Preferred Guest members.[25]
According to Starwood Hotels and Resorts' corporate profile, the SPG program has over 21 million members.[9]
Gallery[edit]

Starwood Hotels and Resorts Worldwide






Former Starwood headquarters in White Plains









Westin Times Square









The historic Westin Book-Cadillac Hotel in downtown Detroit









Sheraton Poznań









The historic Hotel Imperial in Vienna









The Romanos, a Luxury Collection Resort, Costa Navarino, Messinia, Greece









W Washington, D.C. Hotel in Washington, D.C.









The St. Regis New York









Metropol Palace in Belgrade









Hotel Romazzino in Costa Smeralda, Sardinia









Sofia Hotel Balkan, a Luxury Collection Hotel




See also[edit]


Connecticut portal
Companies portal


References[edit]


^ "Form 10-Q". p. 7. Retrieved 2007-11-12. 
^ a b c d e f g h "STARWOOD HOTEL & RESORTS WORLDWIDE, INC 2013 Annual Report Form (10-K)" (XBRL). United States Securities and Exchange Commission. February 24, 2014. 
^ a b "STARWOOD HOTEL & RESORTS WORLDWIDE, INC 2014 Q1 Quarterly Report Form (10-Q)" (XBRL). United States Securities and Exchange Commission. April 24, 2014. 
^ STARWOOD HOTELS & RESORTS WORLDWIDE, INC.Form 10-K, Securities and Exchange Commission, February 24, 2014
^ Starwood Hotels & Resorts (HOT) annual SEC income statement filing. Wikinvest. Retrieved 7 February 2011.
^ Starwood Hotels & Resorts (HOT) annual SEC balance sheet filing. Wikinvest. Retrieved 7 February 2011.
^ "Investor Overview". Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide. Retrieved April 7, 2013.
^ "Starwood Hotels & Resorts (HOT) Details". Bloomberg L.P. Retrieved 1 September 2014. 
^ a b "Company Overview". Starwood Hotels and Resorts. 
^ Nycz-Conner, Jennifer (November 16, 2015). "Marriott International to acquire Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide in $12.2 billion deal". Washington Business Journal. Retrieved November 16, 2015. 
^ Trejos, Nancy (September 23, 2016). "Marriott, Starwood merger is complete, loyalty programs will reciprocate". USA Today. Retrieved September 24, 2016. 
^ "Marriott, Starwood merger is complete, loyalty programs will reciprocate". USA Today. Retrieved 24 September 2016. 
^ https://www.thefreelibrary.com/ITT+SHERATON+CORPORATION+EXTENDS+SEGMENTATION+BY+PREMIERING+THE+ITT...-a014695306
^ https://www.nytimes.com/1994/02/10/business/company-news-itt-s-sheraton-unit-in-pact-to-buy-ciga-hotels-of-italy.html
^ Arnold, Helen "World's 15 most expensive hotel suites". CNN Go. 25 March 2012. Retrieved 2012-04-11
^ "ELEMENT Lexington opens its doors". TTG MENA. Archived from the original on January 25, 2009. Retrieved 4 January 2009. 
^ "Opening Day of ELEMENT Lexington Marks the World Premiere of Starwood Hotels' Newest..." (Press release). Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide. 1 July 2008. Retrieved 7 February 2011. 
^ a b "Starwood Hotels Introduces Tribute Portfolio" (Press release). Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide. April 16, 2015. Retrieved April 17, 2015. 
^ a b "Why Starwood Launched Tribute Portfolio". Forbes. April 16, 2015. Retrieved April 17, 2015. 
^ "Starwood unveils a new 10th brand; Loews adds a third". USA TODAY. April 16, 2015. Retrieved April 17, 2015. 
^ a b "More Access, More Destinations: Starwood Hotels & Resorts Expands Partnership with Design Hotels" (Press release). Starwood. December 1, 2015. Retrieved February 1, 2016. 
^ "New Starwood brand to be partnership with Design Hotels". Travel Weekly. October 30, 2015. Retrieved February 1, 2016. 
^ "Hotel and Tour News: A Lodge in Kenya Evokes 'Out of Africa'". The New York Times. December 23, 2015. Retrieved February 1, 2016. 
^ "SPG Flights". SPG Flights. Retrieved 2014-05-14. 
^ "Crossover Rewards with SPG and Delta SkyMiles". Starwood Hotels & Resorts. Retrieved 2017-01-05. 


External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Starwood Hotels and Resorts Worldwide.



Starwood Hotels and Resorts Worldwide official website







v
t
e


Hotel chains



Accor



Adagio
Fairmont Hotels
Formule 1/F1/Formula 1
Ibis

Budget
Styles


Mama Shelter
Mercure / Grand Mercure
MGallery
Novotel

Suite Novotel


Pullman
Raffles
The Sebel
Sofitel
Swissotel
Thalassa sea & spa





Carlson Rezidor



Country Inns & Suites
Park Inn
Park Plaza
Quorvus Collection
Radisson
Radisson Blu
Radisson Red





Choice Hotels



Ascend Collection
Cambria Hotels & Suites
Clarion
Comfort Inn
Comfort Suites
Econo Lodge
MainStay Suites
Quality Inn
Rodeway Inn
Sleep Inn
Suburban Extended Stay Hotel





Hilton



Canopy by Hilton
Conrad Hotels
Curio collection
DoubleTree
Embassy Suites
Hampton by Hilton
Hilton Garden Inn
Hilton Grand Vacations
Hilton Hotels & Resorts
Home2 Suites
Homewood Suites
Tru by Hilton
Waldorf Astoria





Home Inn



Fairyland Hotel
Home Inn
Motel 168
Yitel





Hospitality International



Downtowner Inns
Master Host Inns
Passport Inns
Red Carpet Inn
Scottish Inns





Hyatt



Andaz
Grand Hyatt
Hyatt
Hyatt Centric
Hyatt House
Hyatt Place
Hyatt Regency
Hyatt Zilara / Hyatt Ziva
Park Hyatt





InterContinental



Candlewood Suites
Crowne Plaza
Even Hotels
Holiday Inn
Holiday Inn Express
Hotel Indigo
InterContinental
Kimpton Hotels
Staybridge Suites





Marriott



AC Hotels
Aloft Hotels
Autograph Collection
Bulgari Hotels & Resorts
Courtyard
Delta Hotels
Design Hotels
EDITION Hotels
Element by Westin
ExecuStay
Fairfield Inn
Four Points
Gaylord Hotels
Grand Residences
JW Marriott
Le Méridien
The Luxury Collection
Marriott Conference Centers
Marriott Executive Apartments
Marriott Golf
Marriott Hotels & Resorts
Marriott Vacation Club
Moxy Hotels
Protea Hotels
Renaissance Hotels
Residence Inn
Ritz-Carlton
Ritz-Carlton Destination Club
St. Regis
Sheraton
SpringHill Suites
TownePlace Suites
Tribute Portfolio
W Hotels
Westin





Pan Pacific



Pan Pacific
Parkroyal





Red Lion



3 Palms Hotels & Resorts
America's Best Inns
Americas Best Value Inns
Canadas Best Value Inns
Country Hearth Inns & Suites
GuestHouse
Hotel RL
Jameson Inn
Lexington Hotels & Inns
Red Lion Hotels
Red Lion Inn & Suites
Settle Inn





Taj Hotels



Gateway
Ginger
Taj
Vivanta





Trump International



Chicago
Honolulu
Las Vegas
NYC
Washington DC
Panama
Vancouver





Wyndham



Baymont Inn & Suites
Days Inn
Dolce Hotels and Resorts
Hawthorn Suites
Howard Johnson
Knights Inn
Microtel Inn And Suites
Ramada
Super 8
Travelodge
TRYP by Wyndham
Wingate by Wyndham
Wyndham Grand
Wyndham Hotels & Resorts





Other



7 Days Inn
Ace
Aerowisata
Aman Resorts
AmericInn
Apex
Aqua
Archipelago
Best Western
Boscolo
Budget Host
Canad Inns
Canalta
Center Parcs
Club Med
Club Quarters
Coast
Cobblestone
Dan
Drury
Easy Hotel
Extended Stay America
Fiesta Inn
Four Seasons
Hoshino
Huazhu Hotels
Iberostar
InTown Suites
Isrotel
ITC Hotels
Jumeirah
Kempinski
La Quinta
Leading Hotels of the World
Loews
Lotte
Magnuson
Mandarin Oriental
Marco Polo
Masters Inn
Meliá
MGM Resorts
Millennium & Copthorne
Morgans
Motel 6
Motel One
Mövenpick
My Place Hotels
NH
Nikko
Oberoi
Omni
Outrigger
Paradores
Peninsula
Pestana
Pousadas de Portugal
Premier Inn
Prince
Pueblo Bonito
Red Roof Inn
RIU
Sandman
Santika Indonesia
Scandic
Shangri-La
Standard
Steigenberger
Swiss-Belhotel
The Leela
Thistle
Toyoko Inn
Trident
Value Place
Vienna
Virgin





Defunct



Adam's Mark
Alamo Plaza Hotel Courts
AmeriHost Inn
AmeriSuites
Crest Hotels
Cross Country Inn
Denizen Hotels
Esso Motor Hotel
Exel Inn
Forte
Fred Harvey
Friendship Inn
Hiway House
Imperial 400
Jack Tar Hotels
Nickelodeon Resorts by Marriott
The Real Hotel Company
Roundtowner Inn
Shoney's Inn
Statler Hotels
Summerfield Suites
Susse Chalet
Tage Inn
United Hotels Company of America
Vantage Hospitality
Wilson World Hotels





Lists



Hotels

chained-brand
largest
United States


Motels








 Category
 Commons










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Starwood&oldid=791809231"					
Categories: Starwood Hotels and Resorts WorldwideCompanies established in 19692016 acquisitionsHospitality companies of the United StatesOpenTravel AllianceHidden categories: Pages using deprecated image syntaxArticles containing potentially dated statements from December 2014All articles containing potentially dated statements 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


বাংলাDeutschEspañolFrançais한국어Bahasa IndonesiaItaliano日本語PolskiРусскийไทย中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 22 July 2017, at 16:32.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 



















Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.







jobsgalore.com


































what?



job title, keywords or company





where?



city, state or zip






















 Free email alerts: Get new jobs by email
We will send you new job offers for your search as soon as they become available. Just fill out the fields for job position, location and your email address and click on „Activate“. You can cancel email alerts at any time. Your email address is safe with us. We only use your email address for job alerts and do not sell it to third parties.


what?



where?



E-Mail















Post Job
Contact
Privacy Notice
Terms of Service
Trademark and Copyrights
About Us
© 2017 Digital Jobs GmbH

















World's Leading Online Travel Agency 2015 – World Travel Awards

































Skip to content
Skip to navigation




























949596979899000102030405060708091011121314151617



Winners 2015WorldTravel TechnologyAfricaAsiaAustralasiaCaribbeanCentral AmericaEuropeIndian OceanMiddle EastNorth AmericaSouth AmericaWinners Area 

 

World's Leading Online Travel Agency 2015


And the winner is...






Expedia
Winner Profile | expedia.com


GalleryChristophe Bazille, Director of Market Management – Africa & East Med, Expedia

NomineesThe following were nominated for World's Leading Online Travel Agency 2015

Booking.comebookers.comeDreamsFlightsite.co.zaFlyin.comGetGoingOpodoOrbitzPriceline.comRoviaTravelocityAward HistoryWorld's Leading Online Travel Agency 2016: RoviaWorld's Leading Online Travel Agency 2015: ExpediaWorld's Leading Online Travel Agency 2014: RoviaRelated EventGrand Final Gala Ceremony 2015Morocco12 December 2015 Event DetailsEvent Partners






Official Travel Technology Sponsor
















Media Partners









 
 


Search













Translate











Follow us


Social Media

Newsletter
Subscribe to the World Travel Awards newsletter to keep up to date with our latest news.


Subscribe





Our other awards














About Us
Contact Us
Media
How It Works
Terms & Conditions
Privacy







World Travel Awards™
Copyright © 1993 - 2016
All rights reserved

















jobsgalore.com


































what?



job title, keywords or company





where?



city, state or zip
























Contact
Privacy Notice
Terms of Service
Trademark and Copyrights
About Us






About Jobsgalore
What is Jobsgalore?
Jobsgalore is a new job search engine that provides job seekers free access to millions of job openings across thousands of job categories and industries.
We aggregate, filter and sort huge amounts of data from hundreds of job boards, classifieds sites, company homepages and other job related Websites and make them available to you in a fast, clean and easy to use interface.
What added value does Jobsgalore provide in comparison to conventional job boards?
Instead of browsing multiple job boards and other career sites, you can find what you are looking for in just one search, making your job search faster and more efficient.
Our unique map based search feature allows you to search for jobs within a certain geographic area and our search filters allow you to drill down to the exact job details you need.
How can I contact Jobsgalore?
Should you have any further questions or comments, please contact us at info@digital-jobs.de. We are always happy to help!






Post Job
Contact
Privacy Notice
Terms of Service
Trademark and Copyrights
About Us
© 2017 Digital Jobs GmbH
















  S1V Stock Quote - Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide LLC - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide LLC   S1V:GR      Ticker Delisted     EUR             Volume   0                  


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Volume   0    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   -    Earnings per Share (USD) (TTM)   -    Market Cap (EUR)   -    Shares Outstanding   -    Price/Sales (TTM)   -    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -        Sector Consumer Discretionary   % Price Change -0.81%     Industry Consumer Services   % Price Change -2.46%                    Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases   There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide, LLC owns, manages, and franchises luxury and upscale hotels throughout the world. The Company also develops and operates vacation interval ownership resorts.    Address  1 StarPointStamford, CT 06902United States   Phone  1-203-964-6000   Website   www.starwoodhotels.com     Executives Board Members    Thomas B Mangas "Tom"  Chief Executive Officer    Alan M Schnaid  CFO/Principal Acctg Ofcr    Jeffrey M Cava "Jeff"  Exec VP/Chief Human Resources Ofcr    Chris Holdren  VP:Distribution & Loyalty    Timothy C Fetten  VP/Treasurer     Show More         




jobsgalore.com




























what?



job title, keywords or company




where?



city, state or zip











        Find jobs from career sites, job boards and the web - all in one place!        
    






 Jobs by Position

Account Executive
Administrative Assistant
Controller
Customer Service
Graphic Designer
Maintenance Technician
Project Manager
Receptionist
Registered Nurse
Restaurant Manager
Retail Sales Associate
Sales Associate
Sales Representative
Software Engineer
Staff Accountant
Store Associate
Store Manager
Truck Driver





 Jobs by Location

New York, NY
Los Angeles, CA
Chicago, IL
Brooklyn, NY
Houston, TX
Philadelphia, PA
Manhattan, NY
Phoenix, AZ
The Bronx, NY
San Antonio, TX
San Diego, CA
Dallas, TX
San Jose, CA
Indianapolis, IN
Jacksonville, FL
San Francisco, CA
Austin, TX
Columbus, OH





 Jobs by Company

Amazon
American Express
Boeing
Ernst & Young
Google
Home Depot
Kellogg
L'Oreal
Merrill Lynch
Microsoft
Nordstrom
Oracle
Procter & Gamble
Staples
T-Mobile
Unilever
Verizon
Walt Disney










Post Job
Contact
Privacy Notice
Terms of Service
Trademark and Copyrights
About Us
© 2017 Digital Jobs GmbH




















jobsgalore.com


































what?



job title, keywords or company





where?



city, state or zip






















 For Employers: Post a job
Jobsgalore.com is a leading vertical meta search engine for jobs that reaches a very large number of job searchers every month. To profit from our quality traffic and to have your job ads appear on jobsgalore.com, you can post your jobs through one of our partner sites. Please click on „Post a job“ to learn more.


Post Job
        







Post Job
Contact
Privacy Notice
Terms of Service
Trademark and Copyrights
About Us
© 2017 Digital Jobs GmbH


















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft


























Starwood Hotels & Resorts





































Text Only












Sign In to SPG.com



Help 


Reservations
Email
All Options







Our Brand Sites 


ST REGIS
THE LUXURY COLLECTION
W HOTELS
DESIGN HOTELS

Sheraton
WESTIN
Le MERIDIEN
TRIBUTE PORTFOLIO

FOUR POINTS
aloft HOTELS
element

Starwood Preferred Guest








Language 



Deutsch
English
Español


Français
Italiano
Português


中文(简体)
日本語
Русский















Book & Stay







Our Company







Careers







Travel Professionals
                            
                                spg.com/travelpro








Meeting Planners
                            
                                spg.com/meetingplanner








Developers
                            
                                development.starwoodhotels.com











Hotel Directory
New Hotels
Resorts
Customer Service


Reservations
Vacation Ownership
Best Rate Guarantee


Advanced Search
Offers
Residences



Starwood Preferred Guest
Sign In to SPG.com 
Go to SPG.com 
Join now 









Why Book Anywhere Else?

Starwood Hotels.com:
 ONLY place online to earn Starpoints SM for your stay No online booking fees Exclusive offers   The best rates. Guaranteed.>>








Reservations

Find a hotel


















                    Arrival date and departure date are required for this search.
                


                    Arrival date cannot be earlier than today.
                


                    Departure date cannot be earlier than arrival date.
                


                    Arrival and departure date cannot be on the same day.
                


                    For stays longer than 90 nights, please call 866-539-3446.
                


                    You can only book up to 550 days in advance.
                


                    The check-in and checkout dates entered are not valid. Please try again.
                


                    The check-in date entered is not valid. Please try again.
                


                    The checkout date entered is not valid. Please try again.
                


                    Enter a country.
                


                    Please enter your search criteria.
                


                    There are too many hotels in the United States to list here. Please specify at least a State for best results.
                


                    We need you to correct or provide more information. Please see each marked section.
                



city





State/Province

Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming


America Samoa
Guam
Marshall Islands
Northern Mariana Islands
Palau
Puerto Rico
Virgin Islands


Anhui
Beijing
Chongqing
Fujian
Guangdong
Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region
Guizhou
Hainan
Hebei
Heilongjiang
Henan
Hubei
Hunan
Jiangsu
Jiangxi
Jilin
Liaoning
Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region
Ningxia
Shaanxi
Shandong
Shanghai
Shanxi
Sichuan
Tianjin
Tibet Autonomous Region
Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region
Yunnan
Zhejiang
Qinghai

Aichi
Chiba
Hiroshima
Hokkaido
Hyogo
Kanagawa
Kyoto
Miyagi
Miyazaki
Osaka
Tokyo
Okinawa

Alberta
British Columbia
Manitoba
New Brunswick
Newfoundland and Labrador
Northwest Territories
Nova Scotia
Nunavut
Ontario
Prince Edward Island
Quebec
Saskatchewan
Yukon Territory






Country/Region
Albania
Algeria
Angola
Anguilla
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Belgium
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Brazil
Brunei
Bulgaria
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Caribbean
Cayman Islands
Chad
Chile
China
Colombia
Congo
Costa Rica
Croatia
Cuba
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Fiji
Finland
France
French Polynesia
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia, Republic of
Germany
Gibraltar
Greece
Guadeloupe
Guatemala
Guinea
Guyana
Haiti
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iraq
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Korea (South)
Kuwait
Latvia
Lebanon
Libya
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives, Republic of
Mali
Malta
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mexico
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Morocco
Myanmar
Nepal
Netherlands
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Nigeria
Norfolk Island
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Panama, Republic of Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Rwanda
Samoa
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Singapore
Sint Maarten
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
St. Lucia
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Venezuela
Vietnam
Yemen
Zimbabwe










Check in



Check out







Room(s)

1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15



Adults per room

1
2
3
4



Children per Room







Close
Children per Room
This information enables us to identify the rooms that will best accommodate your party and to prepare for your arrival.
See room terms and details for information about rollaway and/or extra person charges.
Please note that at most Starwood hotels, guests 17 and under are considered children. All other guests are considered adults. You will be told of any hotel-specific differences in this policy on the following page.




0
1
2
3
4





Search





WHY BOOK HERE






Advanced Search

Starwood Hotel Directory







Reserve by Phone
Please select the country you are calling from below, and one of our associates will be pleased to speak with you.






Select the country you're in
Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antigua & Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia & Herzegovina
Botswana
Brazil
British Virgin Islands
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina FASO
Burma
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Colombia
Comoros
Congo, Democratic Republic of the
Congo, Republic of the
Costa Rica
Croatia
Cuba
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Côte D'Ivoire
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
East Timor
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Fiji
Finland
France
French Polynesia
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia, Republic of
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guinea
Guinea BISSAU
Guyana
Haiti
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Korea (North), Democratic People's Republic of
Korea (South), Republic of
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives, Republic of
Mali
Malta
Marshall Island
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Norfolk Island
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Panama, Republic of Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Rwanda
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leon
Singapore
Sint Maarten
Slovak Republic
Slovenia
Soloman Islands
South Africa
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tonga
Trinidad & Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican City
Venezuela
Vietnam
Virgin Islands
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe








Check Reservations







			At least one other item of identification is needed to search for reservations.Please type in additional information, then click again.

			Please try re-entering the last name to continue; it appears that it may have been mistyped and/or contains numbers.

			We're sorry, this account already exists, please choose another.<

		
			null<

		
			We're sorry, your session on our site has timed out. Please try again.

			null

			We found an issue we cannot resolve online. Please contact your nearest customer care center.





To find your reservations, please enter:



					Your last name



plus any of the following:



					Your credit card number(to see your credit card reservations)




					Your confirmation number








Check Reservations on SPG.com














Find & Book

Starwood Preferred Guest
Hotel Directory
Reservations
New Hotels
SPG Resorts
Best Rate Guarantee
Help


Offers

All Offers
Resort Offers
Spa Offers
Partner Offers
Golf Offers
Beach Offers
Weekend Offers
Starpoints® Offers


Media & Investors

News
Company Overview
Investor Relations
Global Citizenship
Service Commitment
Leadership


Sites & Services

Starwood Careers
Marriott Careers
Meeting Planners
Travel Professionals
Developers
Government & Military
Auto Clubs
Vacation Ownership
Residences






WHY BOOK HERE















Stay connected to Starwood Hotels:
            

More


Mobile Options


Guest Reviews












THE RITZ CARLTON REWARDS


The Ritz-Carlton


EDITION


JW Marriott


Autograph Collection Hotels


Renaissance Hotels


Marriott Hotels and Resorts


Delta Hotels Marriott


Marriott Executive Apartments


Marriott Vacation Club




Marriott Rewards


Gaylord Hotels


AC Hotels Marriott


Courtyard Marriott


Residence Inn Marriott


SpringHill Suites Marriott


Fairfield Inn and Suites Marriott


TownePlace Suites Marriott


Protea Hotels Marriott


Moxy Hotels







Starwood Preferred Guest


ST REGIS


THE LUXURY COLLECTION


W HOTELS


WESTIN


Sheraton


Le MERIDIEN


TRIBUTE PORTFOLIO


DESIGN HOTELS


aloft HOTELS


FOUR POINTS


element












You are on StarwoodHotels.com
Starwood Hotels & Resorts


Other Starwood Brands >

Four Points
Sheraton
Aloft
W Hotels
Le Méridien
Luxury Collection
Element
Westin
St. Regis
Tribute Portfolio
Design Hotels

Starwood Preferred Guest
Starwood Hotels
Learn about our brands





                © 2017 Marriott International, Inc.,
                All rights reserved. | 
                





AdChoices








Website Terms of Use |
Updated Privacy Statement
 | Text Only




















































﻿































Marriot Vacations Worldwide Corporation (VAC) & Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide (HOT) Critical Contrast - Markets Daily













































 
























 




 





















Daily Ratings & News for Marriot Vacations Worldwide Corporation
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Marriot Vacations Worldwide Corporation with our free daily email newsletter:



 





Follow @TheMarketsDaily


The Markets Daily









Recent Posts

Orchid Island Capital (ORC) & Western Asset Mortgage Capital Corporation (NYSE:WMC) Critical Survey
Marriot Vacations Worldwide Corporation (VAC) & Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide (HOT) Critical Contrast
Weir Group PLC (LON:WEIR) Announces Dividend of GBX 15
Alliance Trust PLC (LON:ATST) to Issue GBX 3.29 Dividend
Inchcape plc Declares Dividend of GBX 7.90 (INCH)
Trellus Management Company LLC Buys Shares of 27,200 TASER International, Inc. (AAXN)
Trellus Management Company LLC Purchases New Position in Blackhawk Network Holdings, Inc. (HAWK)
Vicor Corporation (VICR) Shares Sold by Trellus Management Company LLC
Johnson Controls International PLC (JCI) Shares Sold by Affinity Investment Advisors LLC
KeyCorp (NYSE:KEY) Stake Cut by Affinity Investment Advisors LLC
Affinity Investment Advisors LLC Sells 117,436 Shares of Lennar Corporation (LEN)
ITV plc (ITV) Rating Reiterated by Shore Capital
Q3 2017 Earnings Forecast for Colgate-Palmolive Company (CL) Issued By KeyCorp
ADTRAN, Inc. (NASDAQ:ADTN) SVP Sells $570,480.00 in Stock
Somewhat Positive News Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Impact Obalon Therptcs (OBLN) Share Price
KMG Chemicals, Inc. (NYSE:KMG) Major Shareholder David L. Hatcher Sells 9,000 Shares
County Bancorp (ICBK) Given Media Impact Score of 0.11
Bank of Hawaii Corporation Forecasted to Post Q3 2017 Earnings of $1.05 Per Share (NYSE:BOH)
Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Affect Workhorse Group (NASDAQ:WKHS) Stock Price
SeaChange International (SEAC) Receiving Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Study Finds




 


Marriot Vacations Worldwide Corporation (VAC) & Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide (HOT) Critical Contrast

					Posted by Tristan Rich on Jul 28th, 2017 // No Comments 




Marriot Vacations Worldwide Corporation (NYSE: VAC) and Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide (NYSE:HOT) are both consumer discretionary companies, but which is the better business? We will contrast the two businesses based on the strength of their risk, valuation, dividends, institutional ownership, analyst recommendations, earnings and profitabiliy. 
Analyst Recommendations


 Get Marriot Vacations Worldwide Corporation alerts:



This is a breakdown of recent ratings and target prices for Marriot Vacations Worldwide Corporation and Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide, as provided by MarketBeat. 



Sell Ratings
Hold Ratings
Buy Ratings
Strong Buy Ratings
Rating Score


Marriot Vacations Worldwide Corporation
0
2
5
0
2.71


Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide
0
0
0
0
N/A






Marriot Vacations Worldwide Corporation presently has a consensus target price of $110.86, indicating a potential downside of 4.49%. Given Marriot Vacations Worldwide Corporation’s  higher probable upside, research analysts clearly believe Marriot Vacations Worldwide Corporation is more favorable than Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide.
Dividends
Marriot Vacations Worldwide Corporation pays an annual dividend of $1.40 per share and has a dividend yield of 1.2%. Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide pays an annual dividend of $1.50 per share and has a dividend yield of 1.9%. Marriot Vacations Worldwide Corporation pays out 26.7% of its earnings in the form of a dividend. Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide pays out 312.5% of its earnings in the form of a dividend, suggesting it may not have sufficient earnings to cover its dividend payment in the future. Marriot Vacations Worldwide Corporation has increased its dividend for 2 consecutive years and Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide has increased its dividend for 7 consecutive years. Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide is clearly the better dividend stock, given its higher yield and longer track record of dividend growth.
Earnings and Valuation
This table compares Marriot Vacations Worldwide Corporation and Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide’s revenue, earnings per share and valuation.



Gross Revenue
Price/Sales Ratio
EBITDA
Earnings Per Share
Price/Earnings Ratio


Marriot Vacations Worldwide Corporation
$1.30 billion
2.42
$255.26 million
$5.24
22.15


Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide
N/A
N/A
N/A
$0.48
160.52


Marriot Vacations Worldwide Corporation has higher revenue and earnings than Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide. Marriot Vacations Worldwide Corporation is trading at a lower price-to-earnings ratio than Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide, indicating that it is currently the more affordable of the two stocks. 
Profitability
This table compares Marriot Vacations Worldwide Corporation and Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide’s net margins, return on equity and return on assets.



Net Margins
Return on Equity
Return on Assets


Marriot Vacations Worldwide Corporation
7.76%
16.04%
6.08%


Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide
-2.81%
-18.50%
-1.83%


Risk and Volatility
Marriot Vacations Worldwide Corporation has a beta of 1.15, indicating that its stock price is 15% more volatile than the S&P 500. Comparatively, Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide has a beta of 1.99, indicating that its stock price is 99% more volatile than the S&P 500. 
Insider and Institutional Ownership
79.2% of Marriot Vacations Worldwide Corporation shares are owned by institutional investors. Comparatively, 83.5% of Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide shares are owned by institutional investors. 3.3% of Marriot Vacations Worldwide Corporation shares are owned by insiders. Comparatively, 0.7% of Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide shares are owned by insiders. Strong institutional ownership is an indication that large money managers, endowments and hedge funds believe a stock will outperform the market over the long term.
Summary
Marriot Vacations Worldwide Corporation beats Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide on 9 of the 13 factors compared between the two stocks.
About Marriot Vacations Worldwide Corporation
Marriott Vacations Worldwide Corporation focuses on vacation ownership, based on number of owners, number of resorts and revenues. The Company is an exclusive worldwide developer, marketer, seller and manager of vacation ownership and related products under the Marriott Vacation Club and Grand Residences by Marriott brands. The Company operates through three segments North America, Europe and Asia Pacific. In the North America segment, it develops, markets, sells and manages vacation ownership and related products under the Marriott Vacation Club and Grand Residences by Marriott brands. Its Europe segment is engaged in selling its existing projects and managing existing resorts. Its Asia Pacific segment, it develops, markets, sells and manages two points-based programs that it designed to appeal to the vacation preferences of the market, Marriott Vacation Club, Asia Pacific and Marriott Vacation Club Destinations, Australia, as well as a weeks-based right-to-use product.
About Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide
Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide, LLC, formerly Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide, Inc., is a hotel and leisure company. The Company’s hotel business is focused on the global operation of hotels and resorts primarily in the luxury and upper upscale segments of the lodging industry. The Company manages and operates its hotel business in three hotel segments: the Americas; Europe, Africa and the Middle East (EAME), and Asia Pacific. Its vacation ownership and residential business is a separate segment. The Company conducts its hotel and leisure business both directly and through its subsidiaries. It owns Starwood Vacation Ownership, Inc., a provider of vacation experiences through villa-style resorts and access to Starwood brands. The Starwood Preferred Guest program is its traveler, customer loyalty and multi-brand marketing program. The Company also develops, owns and operates vacation ownership resorts, and markets and sells the vacation ownership Interests in the resorts.






Receive News & Ratings for Marriot Vacations Worldwide Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Marriot Vacations Worldwide Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





























Latest News






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website











































































Starwood Hotel Directory List | Explore Starwood Hotel and Resort Destinations


































Text Only












Sign In to SPG.com



Help 


Reservations
Email
All Options







Our Brand Sites 


ST REGIS
THE LUXURY COLLECTION
W HOTELS
DESIGN HOTELS

Sheraton
WESTIN
Le MERIDIEN
TRIBUTE PORTFOLIO

FOUR POINTS
aloft HOTELS
element

Starwood Preferred Guest








Language 



Deutsch
English
Español


Français
Italiano
Português


中文(简体)
日本語
Русский















Book & Stay







Our Company







Careers







Travel Professionals
                            
                                spg.com/travelpro








Meeting Planners
                            
                                spg.com/meetingplanner








Developers
                            
                                development.starwoodhotels.com











Hotel Directory
New Hotels
Resorts
Customer Service


Reservations
Vacation Ownership
Best Rate Guarantee


Advanced Search
Offers
Residences



Starwood Preferred Guest
Sign In to SPG.com 
Go to SPG.com 
Join now 








        
            
            
               Global Starwood Hotel Directory
            
        
    










One of Our New Hotels :
Four Points by Sheraton Chongqing, Dazu -  Opening January 1, 2020





                    
                        
                        
                            See New Hotels
                        
                    
                





























We are experiencing a problem.  Please try again later.

Close







Filter by:


Hotel Brand



SPG Category



Hotel Type & Amenities












aloft 



                                    aloft (251)
                                





Design Hotels ™ 



                                    Design Hotels ™ (146)
                                





element 



                                    element (86)
                                







Four Points by Sheraton 



                                    Four Points by Sheraton (374)
                                





Le Méridien 



                                    Le Méridien (146)
                                





The Luxury Collection 



                                    The Luxury Collection (121)
                                







Sheraton 



                                    Sheraton (543)
                                





St. Regis 



                                    St. Regis (60)
                                





Tribute Portfolio 



                                    Tribute Portfolio (31)
                                







Westin 



                                    Westin (269)
                                





W Hotels 



                                    W Hotels (83)
                                









Category 1 



                                    Category 1 (111)
                                





Category 2 



                                    Category 2 (208)
                                







Category 3 



                                    Category 3 (359)
                                





Category 4 



                                    Category 4 (424)
                                







Category 5 



                                    Category 5 (300)
                                





Category 6 



                                    Category 6 (143)
                                







Category 7 



                                    Category 7 (49)
                                









Airport 



                                    Airport (1204)
                                





Beach 



                                    Beach (167)
                                





City Center 



                                    City Center (898)
                                





Convention Center 



                                    Convention Center (270)
                                





Resort 



                                    Resort (341)
                                





Spa 



                                    Spa (730)
                                





Weddings 



                                    Weddings (507)
                                







Honeymoon 



                                    Honeymoon (360)
                                





Residences 



                                    Residences (30)
                                





Airport Shuttle 



                                    Airport Shuttle (215)
                                





Business Services 



                                    Business Services (1319)
                                





Child Care 



                                    Child Care (52)
                                





Internet 



                                    Internet (1676)
                                







Meeting/Event Space 



                                    Meeting/Event Space (1711)
                                





Pets Allowed 



                                    Pets Allowed (855)
                                





Smoke Free 



                                    Smoke Free (1125)
                                





Suites Available 



                                    Suites Available (1502)
                                





Wheelchair Access 



                                    Wheelchair Access (1517)
                                





Fitness Center 



                                    Fitness Center (1652)
                                







Golf 



                                    Golf (95)
                                





Ski 



                                    Ski (29)
                                





Indoor Pool 



                                    Indoor Pool (714)
                                





Outdoor Pool 



                                    Outdoor Pool (822)
                                





Tennis 



                                    Tennis (171)
                                








                                Top Award Winners (0)
                            












Map






List







2110

                
                
                
                
                hotels
            














North America (929)







                                                            
                                                        
                                                            United States (788)
                                                        





                                                            
                                                        
                                                            Bermuda (1)
                                                        







                                                            
                                                        
                                                            Canada (84)
                                                        







                                                            
                                                        
                                                            Mexico (56)
                                                        












Africa (65)







                                                            
                                                        
                                                            Algeria (5)
                                                        





                                                            
                                                        
                                                            Djibouti (1)
                                                        





                                                            
                                                        
                                                            Egypt (14)
                                                        





                                                            
                                                        
                                                            Ethiopia (2)
                                                        





                                                            
                                                        
                                                            Gabon (1)
                                                        





                                                            
                                                        
                                                            Guinea (1)
                                                        





                                                            
                                                        
                                                            Kenya (3)
                                                        







                                                            
                                                        
                                                            Madagascar (1)
                                                        





                                                            
                                                        
                                                            Mali (1)
                                                        





                                                            
                                                        
                                                            Mauritania (1)
                                                        





                                                            
                                                        
                                                            Mauritius (6)
                                                        





                                                            
                                                        
                                                            Morocco (4)
                                                        





                                                            
                                                        
                                                            Nigeria (12)
                                                        





                                                            
                                                        
                                                            Rwanda (1)
                                                        







                                                            
                                                        
                                                            Senegal (2)
                                                        





                                                            
                                                        
                                                            Seychelles (1)
                                                        





                                                            
                                                        
                                                            South Africa (3)
                                                        





                                                            
                                                        
                                                            South Sudan (1)
                                                        





                                                            
                                                        
                                                            Tanzania (3)
                                                        





                                                            
                                                        
                                                            Tunisia (1)
                                                        





                                                            
                                                        
                                                            Uganda (1)
                                                        












Asia Pacific (630)







                                                            
                                                        
                                                            Australia (21)
                                                        





                                                            
                                                        
                                                            Bangladesh (5)
                                                        





                                                            
                                                        
                                                            Bhutan (2)
                                                        





                                                            
                                                        
                                                            Cambodia (1)
                                                        





                                                            
                                                        
                                                            China (295)
                                                        





                                                            
                                                        
                                                            Fiji (4)
                                                        





                                                            
                                                        
                                                            French Polynesia (3)
                                                        





                                                            
                                                        
                                                            Hong Kong (9)
                                                        





                                                            
                                                        
                                                            India (92)
                                                        







                                                            
                                                        
                                                            Indonesia (39)
                                                        





                                                            
                                                        
                                                            Japan (22)
                                                        





                                                            
                                                        
                                                            Korea (South), Republic of (16)
                                                        





                                                            
                                                        
                                                            Macau (2)
                                                        





                                                            
                                                        
                                                            Malaysia (25)
                                                        





                                                            
                                                        
                                                            Maldives, Republic of (4)
                                                        





                                                            
                                                        
                                                            Myanmar (1)
                                                        





                                                            
                                                        
                                                            Nepal (3)
                                                        





                                                            
                                                        
                                                            New Caledonia (3)
                                                        







                                                            
                                                        
                                                            New Zealand (1)
                                                        





                                                            
                                                        
                                                            Palau (1)
                                                        





                                                            
                                                        
                                                            Philippines (4)
                                                        





                                                            
                                                        
                                                            Samoa (2)
                                                        





                                                            
                                                        
                                                            Singapore (9)
                                                        





                                                            
                                                        
                                                            Sri Lanka (2)
                                                        





                                                            
                                                        
                                                            Taiwan (25)
                                                        





                                                            
                                                        
                                                            Thailand (29)
                                                        





                                                            
                                                        
                                                            Vietnam (10)
                                                        












Central & South America (72)







                                                            
                                                        
                                                            Argentina (13)
                                                        





                                                            
                                                        
                                                            Bolivia (1)
                                                        





                                                            
                                                        
                                                            Brazil (10)
                                                        





                                                            
                                                        
                                                            Chile (6)
                                                        





                                                            
                                                        
                                                            Colombia (8)
                                                        







                                                            
                                                        
                                                            Costa Rica (4)
                                                        





                                                            
                                                        
                                                            Ecuador (3)
                                                        





                                                            
                                                        
                                                            El Salvador (1)
                                                        





                                                            
                                                        
                                                            Guatemala (1)
                                                        





                                                            
                                                        
                                                            Honduras (1)
                                                        







                                                            
                                                        
                                                            Panama, Republic of Panama (8)
                                                        





                                                            
                                                        
                                                            Paraguay (3)
                                                        





                                                            
                                                        
                                                            Peru (9)
                                                        





                                                            
                                                        
                                                            Uruguay (4)
                                                        












Europe (308)







                                                            
                                                        
                                                            Albania (1)
                                                        





                                                            
                                                        
                                                            Armenia (1)
                                                        





                                                            
                                                        
                                                            Austria (13)
                                                        





                                                            
                                                        
                                                            Azerbaijan (1)
                                                        





                                                            
                                                        
                                                            Belgium (4)
                                                        





                                                            
                                                        
                                                            Bulgaria (2)
                                                        





                                                            
                                                        
                                                            Croatia (5)
                                                        





                                                            
                                                        
                                                            Cyprus (2)
                                                        





                                                            
                                                        
                                                            Czech Republic (3)
                                                        





                                                            
                                                        
                                                            Finland (1)
                                                        





                                                            
                                                        
                                                            France (19)
                                                        





                                                            
                                                        
                                                            Georgia, Republic of (5)
                                                        





                                                            
                                                        
                                                            Germany (39)
                                                        







                                                            
                                                        
                                                            Greece (21)
                                                        





                                                            
                                                        
                                                            Hungary (3)
                                                        





                                                            
                                                        
                                                            Iceland (2)
                                                        





                                                            
                                                        
                                                            Ireland (4)
                                                        





                                                            
                                                        
                                                            Italy (34)
                                                        





                                                            
                                                        
                                                            Kazakhstan (2)
                                                        





                                                            
                                                        
                                                            Malta (2)
                                                        





                                                            
                                                        
                                                            Monaco (1)
                                                        





                                                            
                                                        
                                                            Montenegro (1)
                                                        





                                                            
                                                        
                                                            Netherlands (7)
                                                        





                                                            
                                                        
                                                            Poland (9)
                                                        





                                                            
                                                        
                                                            Portugal (16)
                                                        







                                                            
                                                        
                                                            Romania (1)
                                                        





                                                            
                                                        
                                                            Russia (15)
                                                        





                                                            
                                                        
                                                            Serbia (3)
                                                        





                                                            
                                                        
                                                            Slovak Republic (2)
                                                        





                                                            
                                                        
                                                            Slovenia (1)
                                                        





                                                            
                                                        
                                                            Spain (25)
                                                        





                                                            
                                                        
                                                            Sweden (6)
                                                        





                                                            
                                                        
                                                            Switzerland (13)
                                                        





                                                            
                                                        
                                                            Tajikistan (1)
                                                        





                                                            
                                                        
                                                            Turkey (22)
                                                        





                                                            
                                                        
                                                            Ukraine (2)
                                                        





                                                            
                                                        
                                                            United Kingdom (19)
                                                        












Middle East (97)







                                                            
                                                        
                                                            Bahrain (3)
                                                        





                                                            
                                                        
                                                            Iraq (3)
                                                        





                                                            
                                                        
                                                            Israel (3)
                                                        





                                                            
                                                        
                                                            Jordan (6)
                                                        







                                                            
                                                        
                                                            Kuwait (2)
                                                        





                                                            
                                                        
                                                            Lebanon (2)
                                                        





                                                            
                                                        
                                                            Oman (4)
                                                        







                                                            
                                                        
                                                            Qatar (9)
                                                        





                                                            
                                                        
                                                            Saudi Arabia (21)
                                                        





                                                            
                                                        
                                                            United Arab Emirates (44)
                                                        












Caribbean (16)







                                                            
                                                        
                                                            Cayman Islands (1)
                                                        





                                                            
                                                        
                                                            Cuba (2)
                                                        





                                                            
                                                        
                                                            Dominican Republic (3)
                                                        







                                                            
                                                        
                                                            Grenada (1)
                                                        





                                                            
                                                        
                                                            Puerto Rico (7)
                                                        







                                                            
                                                        
                                                            Sint Maarten (1)
                                                        





                                                            
                                                        
                                                            Virgin Islands (1)
                                                        
















Find & Book

Starwood Preferred Guest
Hotel Directory
Reservations
New Hotels
SPG Resorts
Best Rate Guarantee
Help


Offers

All Offers
Resort Offers
Spa Offers
Partner Offers
Golf Offers
Beach Offers
Weekend Offers
Starpoints® Offers


Media & Investors

News
Company Overview
Investor Relations
Global Citizenship
Service Commitment
Leadership


Sites & Services

Starwood Careers
Marriott Careers
Meeting Planners
Travel Professionals
Developers
Government & Military
Auto Clubs
Vacation Ownership
Residences






WHY BOOK HERE















Stay connected to Starwood Hotels:
            

More


Mobile Options


Guest Reviews












THE RITZ CARLTON REWARDS


The Ritz-Carlton


EDITION


JW Marriott


Autograph Collection Hotels


Renaissance Hotels


Marriott Hotels and Resorts


Delta Hotels Marriott


Marriott Executive Apartments


Marriott Vacation Club




Marriott Rewards


Gaylord Hotels


AC Hotels Marriott


Courtyard Marriott


Residence Inn Marriott


SpringHill Suites Marriott


Fairfield Inn and Suites Marriott


TownePlace Suites Marriott


Protea Hotels Marriott


Moxy Hotels







Starwood Preferred Guest


ST REGIS


THE LUXURY COLLECTION


W HOTELS


WESTIN


Sheraton


Le MERIDIEN


TRIBUTE PORTFOLIO


DESIGN HOTELS


aloft HOTELS


FOUR POINTS


element












You are on StarwoodHotels.com
Starwood Hotels & Resorts


Other Starwood Brands >

Four Points
Sheraton
Aloft
W Hotels
Le Méridien
Luxury Collection
Element
Westin
St. Regis
Tribute Portfolio
Design Hotels

Starwood Preferred Guest
Starwood Hotels
Learn about our brands





                © 2017 Marriott International, Inc.,
                All rights reserved. | 
                





AdChoices








Website Terms of Use |
Updated Privacy Statement
 | Text Only






























 
 
 



Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide, LLC                                                                                 - Stamford                                          , CT         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



CT



Stamford



Hotels and Motels



Hotels



                            Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide, LLC
                                    



 





























Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide, LLC                                                                                



1 STAR PT STAMFORD, CT 06902
Get Directions



(203) 964-6000
 





Business Info



 Founded 2016
 Incorporated NY
 Annual Revenue $5,763,000,000.00
 Employee Count 35
 Industries Hotels
 Contacts Stephen Pettibone Vice Preside                                                                                          







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide, Inc. is one of the leading hotel and leisure companies in the world with 1,146 properties in nearly 100 countries and 171,000 employees at its owned and managed properties.









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        













VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com







Social Presence


















Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide, LLC                                                                                 - Washington                                        , DC         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



DC



Washington



Hotels and Motels



Hotels And Motels



                            Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide, LLC
                                    



 





















S 


Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide, LLC                                                                                
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



1015 15TH ST NW STE 350 WASHINGTON, DC 20005
Get Directions



(202) 289-5753
 





Business Info



 Founded --
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue --
 Employee Count 12
 Industries Hotels And Motels
 Contacts Cara Banasch                                                                                                            







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message










VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







S

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.



























W Hotels & Resorts | Boutique Hotels, Design Hotels | Starwood Hotels
































Text Only










   

Language


Deutsch
English
Español


Français
Italiano
Português


中文(简体)
日本語
Русский






   
Help


                        
                        
                        
                            
                            1-877-946-8357
                        
                        
                    
Have Us Call You
Email
All Options





   
sign in










Username or SPG Number



Password







                        Remember Me
                    



Sign In





Retrieve password

                            
                                
                                    First time signing in?Activate account


Updated Privacy Statement










Join SPG   | 
Reservations   | 










Destinations




New Destinations
All Destinations
W ESCAPES
Spas
Residences
Advanced Search







New / Next




The Angle
Fashion
Music
Design
Social
Mobile







About W Hotels




Overview
News
Awards 
Global Partnerships
Wants + Needs
W The Store







Events




Meetings
Weddings
Honeymoons







Offers




























Find & Book








Close



Please enter your search criteria











Close


                            Please enter your search criteria.
                        

                            Enter a country.
                        

                            Enter a state/province.
                        

                            Arrival date cannot be earlier than today.
                        

                            Departure date cannot be earlier than arrival date.
                        

                            Arrival and departure date cannot be on the same day.
                        

                            For stays longer than 90 nights, please call 866-539-3446.
                        

                            You can only book up to 550 days in advance.
                        

                            The check-in and checkout dates entered are not valid. Please try again.
                        

                            The check-in date entered is not valid. Please try again.
                        

                            The checkout date entered is not valid. Please try again.
                        

                            There are too many hotels in the United States to list here. Please specify at least a State for best results.
                        












Close
how it worksType the first few letters of your destination or airport code, and we'll
compile a list of matches for you.







Check In
            














Check Out
        














Close

For stays longer than 90 days, please call 866-539-3446.
You can only book 550 days in advance.
Please double-check your dates.









WHY BOOK HERE




Search



New / Next
Step Inside the Worlds of Design, Music and Fashion







More

W HOTELS MUSIC ARTISTS




More

TURN IT UP FOR CHANGE




More

W HOTELS PRESENTS  FIT WITH TARA STILES




More

NEW MIX, EVERY WEEK




More

W Hotels + CFDA {Fashion Incubator}






Happenings
Where anything can happen
Get up close to all W HAPPENINGS



Instagram
Follow us @Whotels









W Hotels App







Offers




See all offers





Twitter


5 Reasons You Need To Vacation on Koh Samui (hint: @Wkohsamui is one) #WCFDA h/t @_alixnyc @Coveteur @CFDA… twitter.com/i/web/status/8...
http://twitter.com/WHotels/ 
Sun Jul 02 20:00:02 GMT 2017


It's always hot on the #WETDeck 💦 whotels.ht/2t6GvMf
http://twitter.com/WHotels/ 
Sun Jul 02 16:00:01 GMT 2017


Win an EPIC adventure to @WBellevueHotel  🏆

#wbellevue

whotels.ht/2u49pKm
http://twitter.com/WHotels/ 
Sat Jul 01 16:50:00 GMT 2017


RT @tyleroakley: hosted a conversation with nightlife legends Susanne Bartsch & The Misshapes last night about queer nightlife & expression…
http://twitter.com/WHotels/ 
Fri Jun 30 23:18:43 GMT 2017



Follow Us @WHotels












Explore


W Shenyang - Opening Tue Jan 01 00:00:00 GMT 2019

                        
                            
                                 
                                    
                                    
                                        Coming Soon
                                    
                                
                            
                            
                        
                    





Explore


W Retreat Sanya - Haitang Bay - Opening Tue Jan 01 00:00:00 GMT 2019

                        
                            
                            
                                W ESCAPES
                            
                        
                    





Explore


The Residences At
W Guangzhou



















W Hotels Careers |
    		
    	
    
    
    
        
        
            
                Travel Professionals |
            
            
            	
            	
            	
            		
               		Hotel Directory W Hotels |
            	
            
            
            
            
            
                Website Terms of Use |
                Updated Privacy Statement

    
        
            
                | Text Only





Stay connected to W Hotels:
            




More


Mobile Options


Guest Reviews












THE RITZ CARLTON REWARDS


The Ritz-Carlton


EDITION


JW Marriott


Autograph Collection Hotels


Renaissance Hotels


Marriott Hotels and Resorts


Delta Hotels Marriott


Marriott Executive Apartments


Marriott Vacation Club




Marriott Rewards


Gaylord Hotels


AC Hotels Marriott


Courtyard Marriott


Residence Inn Marriott


SpringHill Suites Marriott


Fairfield Inn and Suites Marriott


TownePlace Suites Marriott


Protea Hotels Marriott


Moxy Hotels







Starwood Preferred Guest


ST REGIS


THE LUXURY COLLECTION


W HOTELS


WESTIN


Sheraton


Le MERIDIEN


TRIBUTE PORTFOLIO


DESIGN HOTELS


aloft HOTELS


FOUR POINTS


element












You are on WHotels.com
Starwood Hotels & Resorts


Other Starwood Brands >

Four Points
Sheraton
Aloft
W Hotels
Le Méridien
Luxury Collection
Element
Westin
St. Regis
Tribute Portfolio
Design Hotels

Starwood Preferred Guest
Starwood Hotels
Learn about our brands





                © 2017 Marriott International, Inc.,
                All rights reserved. | 
                





AdChoices








































About Marriott International - Find Your World





















































Skip Main Navigation



expand

Menu





MARRIOTT.COM HOME




Sign In






Join Marriott Rewards






Change Country & Language






Help






expandFIND & RESERVE





Find a Hotel






Find a Hotel for Group (10+ rooms)






Browse by Destination








expandRESERVATIONS





Find by Confirmation Number






Reservations by Telephone








expandDEALS & PACKAGES





Deals






Experiences by Marriott sm Packages






Hotel & Flight Packages






Cars, Tours & Attractions






Timeshare Offers






Resorts & All-Inclusive Vacations








expandMARRIOTT REWARDS





Marriott Rewards Overview






Earn Points






Use Points






Discover Benefits






Marriott Rewards Credit Card






Marriott Rewards Community








expandMEETINGS & EVENTS





Meetings & Events Overview






Business Meetings






Weddings






Convention & Resort Hotels






European Convention Network








expandSHOP MARRIOTT





Bedding, Bath & Décor






Gift Cards








expandNEWS





News






Bill Marriott’s Blog






Arne Sorenson’s Blog






Heart of the House






Facebook






Twitter








expandABOUT MARRIOTT





Corporate Overview






Our Brands






Core Values & Heritage






Careers








Site Map






Contact Us











English–US & Canada 








Collapsed
Find & Reserve

Hotels, Deals & More



Find a Hotel













                            City search
                        




                            Address search
                        
















































Where to?

Close 












                                Where to?
                        




From To Date




Flexible Date Search


Check-in
MM/dd/yy

-

Check-out
MM/dd/yy




When would you like to travel?



How many nights?


Remove Nights
Add Nights
How many nights?

1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9









1 Room: 1 Adult, /Room
0 Children/Room




 Rooms & Guests


Rooms


Remove Rooms
Add Rooms

1 Room
2 Rooms
3 Rooms
4-9 Rooms
10-25 Rooms
26+ Rooms





Adults (Maximum:6 guests/room)


Remove Adults
Add Adults

1
2
3
4
5
6




Children (Maximum:6 guests/room)


Remove Children Per Room
Add Children Per Room

0
1
2
3
4
5



(Age-based rates may be available)




Child 1: Age  (for first room only)

Down Age
Up Age

less than 1
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17





Done
Reset





Special Rates






None





AAA/CAA





Senior Discount





Government & Military





Corporate/promo code











Use Rewards points
Use Points







Find














Hotels For…




                        Business Meetings
                    



                        Weddings
                    



                        Conferences
                    





Deals and Packages



Hotel & Flight Packages


Cars, Tours & More


All Deals








                Get our best rate available when you book directly on Marriott.com





                            See brand exclusions and guarantee terms.
                        









CLOSE





				Meetings & Events
			



Collapsed
						
						Reservations 
View & Manage




View and Manage Reservations
Find specific reservations, including those made by phone or when not signed in.





Required FieldFirst name



Required FieldLast name




Required FieldConfirmation number



Required FieldCheck-in date





                    Find
                





Sign In to My Account
Sign In to view your current reservations.





                            Email or Rewards #
                        




	                        Password
	                    




	                        Sign In
	                    




							Remember me
						

							What's this?
						




Forgot password


Create online account




CLOSE









						Sign in to My Account
					

						 Email or Rewards #
					


						Password
					

Sign In


  Remember me 




Forgot password



Create online account










Not a member?
My Account:

Sign In
•

Join Now








About Marriott
							 > 
						






				Marriott International - Corporate Overview
			




	Corporate Overview




	Our Brands






















						View Our 2015 Annual Report 











Our People
Since 1927, Marriott has been known for a culture that puts people first. We are growing globally—and opening up a world of experiences and opportunities for people from all walks of life.




Careers







Join Us! Search for jobs around the world.




Diversity and Inclusion







Learn how we promote diversity and build inclusive environments.




Awards of Excellence







Get to know this year's honorees.









Overheard@Marriott







Follow the conversation.




Our Values
We are proud to be recognized worldwide for our enduring values, our spirit to serve, and our corporate commitment to creating better places to live and work.




Core Values & Heritage







Discover the values that drive our success.




Corporate Responsibility







Find out how sustainable practices enhance our business.




Hot Shoppe: An Original Marriott Series







Watch an animated series that illustrates Marriott's core values.






Our Business
Marriott International, Inc. (MAR) offers the advantages of a strong balance sheet, sound management and a record of industry leadership. Our business model, brands, senior leaders, and a deeply-ingrained service culture have firmly established Marriott as a leading performer.




Hotel Development







Explore opportunities in more than 79 countries.




Investors







See our recent performance, shareholder information and annual report.








Partnerships







Get in touch with Marriott about brand integration, sponsorships and cause marketing.




Our History
The East Coast’s first drive-in, the first motor hotel, and the first hotel chain designed for business travelers are just a few milestones in Marriott’s storied history of innovation.




Company timeline and innovation milestones







Marriott has been a leader in the hospitality industry since 1927.




The Marriott family







Meet our founders.










Marriott News Center
The latest in Marriott International




Bill Marriott's Blog
Marriott on the Move




Arne Sorenson’s Blog
President and CEO of Marriott International




Heart of the House Blog
Meet the people at the heart of our business









Corporate Headquarters | 10400 Fernwood Road | Bethesda, Maryland 20817-1102 | 1.301.380.3000










				About Marriott
			






						Careers
					




								Search and Apply
							



								Explore Career Paths
							



								Learn About Marriott
							



								Marriott Facts
							



								Connect With Us
							






						Core Values & Heritage
					




								Our Story
							



								Meet Our Founders
							



								Stories of Excellence
							







						Corporate Social Responsibility
					




								Responsible Business
							



								Environment
							



								Performance
							



								Voice of Marriott
							



								Our Communities new
							






						Diversity
					




								Corporate
							



								Global Regions
							









						Hotel Development
					




								Brands
							



								Regions
							



								Why Marriott?
							



								Owner and Franchisee Qualifications
							



								Contact Us
							






						Investors
					




								Analyst Coverage
							



								Annual Meeting
							



								Corporate Governance
							



								Corporate Overview
							



								Financial Information
							







						News
					


































































Starwood Preferred Guest (SPG) Guest Loyalty Program | Become an SPG Member Today





















































Text Only















BOOK & REDEEM















Close



Need to enter a destination for a destination search.
Enter a state/province.
Enter a country.










                                Where to?
                            






Close



Please enter your search criteria













Check In
            














Check Out
        














Close

For stays longer than 90 days, please call 866-539-3446.
You can only book 550 days in advance.
Please double-check your dates.











1 Room
1 Rooms
,


1 Adult
1 Adults
,


1 Child
0 Children






1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15


Room
Rooms




1
2
3
4


Adult per room
Adults per room




0
1
2
3
4


Child per room
Children per room
(age 0 - 12)















WHY BOOK HERE













Redeem Starpoints





Book a Meeting








                                        
                                          Hotel Directory & Map
                                        
                                          New Hotels
                                        
                                          SPG Resorts
                                        
                                          Special Offers
                                        
                                          Find A Reservation









About SPG













About the Program







Earn & Redeem Starpoints


 







                                        	    SPG Overview
                                        	



                                        	    SPG Pro Overview
                                        	



                                        	    Member Benefits
                                        	



                                        	    Our Brands
                                        	



                                        	    SPG Credit Cards
                                        	






                                        	    SPG MOBILE APPS
                                        	



                                        	    Be Social
                                        	



                                        	    SPG Cravings
                                        	



                                        	    Join SPG
                                        	



 







                                        	    Rooms
                                        	



                                        	    FLIGHTS & TRAVEL
                                        	



                                        	    SPG Moments
                                        	



                                        	    Marriott Rewards®, Gift Cards & More
                                        	





Redeem Starpoints





Earn Starpoints





Buy Starpoints





 

 






Sign In


















Account Quick Links




                                                
	                                                Account Overview


                                                
	                                                My Profile


                                                
	                                                My Stays


                                                
	                                                My Starpoints Activity


                                                
	                                                Customer Support







Not a member?





Join Now





Already enrolled?





CREATE ONLINE ACCOUNT































Remember Me
Remember Me





Sign In





Forgot Password?
















Deutsch
English
Español
Français
Indonesian
Italiano


Nederlands
Polski
Português
Türkçe
العربية
中文(简体)


中文(繁體)
日本語
한국어
Русский
ไทย

















































Close



Need to enter a destination for a destination search.
Enter a state/province.
Enter a country.










                                Where to?
                            






Close



Please enter your search criteria













Check In
            














Check Out
        














Close

For stays longer than 90 days, please call 866-539-3446.
You can only book 550 days in advance.
Please double-check your dates.











1 Room
1 Rooms
,


1 Adult
1 Adults
,


1 Child
0 Children






1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15


Room
Rooms




1
2
3
4


Adult per room
Adults per room




0
1
2
3
4


Child per room
Children per room
(age 0 - 12)















WHY BOOK HERE


























Join today - and start living the SPG Life.
Join Now



It’s easy. Enroll - then sit back, relax and let the benefits begin.














Share how you’re living the #spglife.
Connect with SPG





Follow SPGon Instagram >


















Follow SPG on Twitter >





                                        07/27/2017
                                        7:17 PM
                                    



Hot escape for you: @TRIBUTEPRTFLO #RoyalPalmSouthBeach & more. #spglife spg.to/2u2yjd6 p...





Like SPG on Facebook >





                                        07/10/2017
                                        5:35 PM
                                    
Starwood Preferred Guest® (SPG)



Destination: Barcelona. W Barcelona






















Find & Book
Account
About SPG
About SPG Pro







                                    Hotel Directory & Map
                                



                                    Redeem Starpoints
                                



                                    Book A Meeting
                                



                                    New Hotels
                                



                                    special offers
                                



                                    SPG Resorts
                                







WHY BOOK HERE >








                                    Account Overview
                                



                                    My Profile
                                



                                    My Benefits
                                



                                    My Stays
                                



                                    Find a Stay
                                



                                    My Starpoints Activity
                                



                                    Request A Card
                                







                                    SPG Overview
                                



                                    Member Benefits
                                



                                    Our Brands
                                



                                    SPG Credit Cards
                                



                                    SPG Moments
                                



                                    Marriott and Starwood Merger
                                



                                    SPG FAQs
                                



                                    Join SPG
                                







                                    SPG Pro Overview
                                



                                    Meeting Planners
                                



                                    Travel Professionals
                                



                                    SPG Pro FAQs
                                



                                    Sales Offices
                                



                                    Join SPG Pro
                                








Customer Support






Language


Deutsch
English
Español
Français
Indonesian
Italiano


Nederlands
Polski
Português
Türkçe
العربية
中文(简体)


中文(繁體)
日本語
한국어
Русский
ไทย







Guest Reviews





Mobile Options




                                    Terms & Conditions of the SPG Program
                                



                                    Website Terms of Use
                                



                                    Updated Privacy Statement
                                



                                    Text Only
                                










			                                  Earn 25,000 bonus Starpoints.
			                           

			                                  THE STARWOOD PREFERRED GUEST® CREDIT CARD FROM AMERICAN EXPRESS. Learn more >
			                                  Terms & Conditions Apply.













                                         Put the world at your fingertips.
                                  

                                         With an app for every device, and a tool for every travel need, get the SPG apps and get packing>
                                  


















THE RITZ CARLTON REWARDS


The Ritz-Carlton


EDITION


JW Marriott


Autograph Collection Hotels


Renaissance Hotels


Marriott Hotels and Resorts


Delta Hotels Marriott


Marriott Executive Apartments


Marriott Vacation Club




Marriott Rewards


Gaylord Hotels


AC Hotels Marriott


Courtyard Marriott


Residence Inn Marriott


SpringHill Suites Marriott


Fairfield Inn and Suites Marriott


TownePlace Suites Marriott


Protea Hotels Marriott


Moxy Hotels







Starwood Preferred Guest


ST REGIS


THE LUXURY COLLECTION


W HOTELS


WESTIN


Sheraton


Le MERIDIEN


TRIBUTE PORTFOLIO


DESIGN HOTELS


aloft HOTELS


FOUR POINTS


element












You are on SPG.com
Starwood Hotels & Resorts


Other Starwood Brands >

Four Points
Sheraton
Aloft
W Hotels
Le Méridien
Luxury Collection
Element
Westin
St. Regis
Tribute Portfolio
Design Hotels

Starwood Preferred Guest
Starwood Hotels
Learn about our brands





                © 2017 Marriott International, Inc.,
                All rights reserved. | 
                





AdChoices













Facebook


Twitter


Instagram


Pinterest


Foursqaure


Weibo


Youtube






































Marriott International Careers | Find Job & Career Opportunities















































































English (US)

العربية
中文（简体）
中文（繁體）
Čeština
Deutsch
English (UK)
Español
Français
Bahasa Indonesia
Italiano
日本語
한국어
Malay
Polski
Português
Русский
ไทย
Türkçe
Tiếng Việt


Find a Job
 






Marriott Careers


Facebook icon
Twitter icon
Instagram icon
LinkedIn icon
YouTube icon
Snapchat icon



menu
Open Navigation Menu



Home
Life at Marriott
Career Paths

Hotel Jobs
Corporate Jobs
For Veterans
Students / Recent Grads


Tips for Applying
What’s New
Awards & Recognition
Connect with us

Facebook icon
Twitter icon
Instagram icon
LinkedIn icon
YouTube icon
Snapchat icon




Main Site Links









 






































Here's to 

The Journey 

Find Jobs atMarriott International 

 

 

Non-U.S. JOBS 

 


To MakingYour Own WayAt Marriott International, we celebrate the dreamers who make their own mark, and with good reason.
Our founders, J.W. and Alice Marriott started with a small idea, a root beer stand. From there, it grew into a small hotel business, and then another, bigger one. Together they created something that changed their future—and maybe yours. A great career has always been a great adventure. Now it’s your turn.


To Endless PossibilitiesMarriott International has 30 renowned hotel brands in 122 countries around the world, and we’re still growing. Opportunities abound! The next step in your career could lead to your greatest adventure.
See More BrandsTo Exploring
New OpportunitiesIt’s about who you know—and with more than 6,000 properties globally—we know people. But, we want to know you. We’re offering the opportunity to elevate your day-to-day to an adventure, a journey to tomorrow.  So, where do you want to go? 
See Career PathsLaunch Your CareerWherever you are on your career path, we’ve got you covered.
Students & GradsVeteransFind Jobs At HotelsFind Jobs At CorporateWe Take Hiring Seriously


E-Verify
Equal Employment Opportunity
Accessibility & Accommodations


Marriott participates in the Electronic Employment Eligibility Verification Program.This Employer Participates in E-Verify ENGLISH SPANISH
      Right to Work ENGLISH SPANISH


Marriott International is an equal opportunity employer committed to hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive culture. Marriott International does not discriminate on the basis of disability, veteran status or any other basis protected under federal, state or local laws.
EEO is the Law (poster)EEO is the Law (supplement)
Pay Transparency PDF


If you are an individual with a disability and need assistance completing the online application, please call 301-581-1400 and leave a message. A member of our Human Resources team will return your call within three business days. Or, send an email to hqaffirmativeaction@marriott.com and include “Applicant Accommodation” in the subject line.Please note that this phone number and email are only for those individuals who want to request an accommodation to apply for a job.
LEARN MORE ABOUT ACCESSIBILITY ASSISTANCE
Ontario Accommodations
    Marriott is an equal opportunity employer committed to hiring a diverse workforce, sustaining an inclusive culture and creating a barrier-free recruitment and selection process. Marriott strives to be a workplace free from discrimination.
In accordance with Ontario’s Human Rights Code, the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act, 2005 and Marriott’s Accommodation Policy, accommodation will be provided to job applicants, as needed, as part of the hiring process. We thank all applicants for their interest; only those selected for further consideration will be contacted. If you are selected for an interview and have an accommodation request arising from a disability or otherwise, please contact Tara-Rose Bourgeois at 905-923-1681 or tara.bourgeois@marriott.com.
Please make your needs known in advance of the interview.


My job has given me self-confidence over time, which can’t be taught. It only happens when someone believes in you. Kulpreet K.,Account Director, Sales & Marketing,Aloft, Bengaluru, India
To Travel Perks & MoreTravel Perks & BenefitsWe encourage you to explore the world around you, so we offer generous hotel and food discounts at thousands of our global properties. What a way to travel!  We  look after our associates, which is why we also have a comprehensive and competitive benefits program.
Recognition & RewardsMarriott recognizes success and commitment. We honor and encourage leadership and exceptional service. We also give bonuses for successful referrals and we reward long service. We believe hard work should be acknowledged. 
GrowthOpportunitiesMarriott believes in a career that flourishes with you. We also believe that wider experiences often provide a more enriching experience. We offer professional development, mentoring and training to help you get to where you want to go. 
Take care of your employees, and they’ll take good care of your customers.J.W. Marriott
To SeeingNew PerspectivesSee All ArticlesArticleMarriott Reimagines Its Mobile AppMarch 23, 2017The new Marriott Mobile app breaks the mold of typical hospitality apps, by going beyond one-size-fits-all content. For Marriott Rewards members, the new Marriott Mobile app dynamically adjusts to personalize the user’s experience throughout their travel journey... Read MoreArticle20 Years on FORTUNE 100 ListMarch 9, 2017For two straight decades, Marriott has ranked on the FORTUNE 100 Best Companies to Work For® list. This prestigious recognition is based on employee ratings of the workplace culture, including trust in leaders, pride in jobs and camaraderie with co-workers... Read More To Never SettlingSuccess is never final. We’re always evolving to be even more innovative and relevant. Our global accolades are a sign that we’re doing this journey the right way. 
AwardLGBTQ Business Equality Excellence AwardLGBT Business NetworkAwardAsia Society Best Practice AwardsAsia SocietyRecognitionEmployer of Choice with the WorldatWork 2017 Seal of DistinctionWorldatWorkRecognitionTop Corporations for Women’s Business EnterpriseWomen’s Business Enterprise National Council’s (WBENC)See More AwardsTo WanderingThe world@MARRIOTTCAREERSWorking is a big part of our lives, but this isn’t an ordinary job. At Marriott, we are exploring the world we live in and all its possibilities. This is not a vacation photo album; we’re living this life. 
See Our InstagramTo WanderingThe world@MARRIOTTCAREERSWorking is a big part of our lives, but this isn’t an ordinary job. At Marriott, we are exploring the world we live in and all its possibilities. This is not a vacation photo album; we’re living this life. 
See Our InstagramHere’s To
The JourneyFind Jobs atMarriott International






 Back to top of the page


 















