



Starry wireless gigabit internet launching - Business Insider





























 


 





 




































































































Tech Insider























BI Intelligence
Events


 


















                                Trending                            



                                Tech Insider                            



                                Finance                            



                                Politics                            



                                Strategy                            



                                Life                            



                                Sports                            



                                Video                            



                                All                            






















 







×








From





To





 











          You have successfully emailed the post.
        







×




     








This startup wants to bring super-fast, wireless internet to your home










Steve Kovach












Jan. 27, 2016, 11:14 AM



6,693




 








facebook





linkedin





twitter





email





print





 










Starry



  A new startup is launching a product that promises to bring
  superfast, wireless internet to your home.


  Starry, a company founded by the former CEO of Aereo, Chet
  Kanojia, will sell wireless equipment that delivers internet
  speeds up to 1 gigabit using a technology called "millimeter wave
  band active phased array."


  The service will be available in Boston this summer and expand to
  more cities after that.


  Starry claims that customers will be able to install the wireless
  equipment in their home and use it like a normal WiFi router.
  There's no need for a professional installation like with
  traditional, wired broadband.


  Gigabit broadband is much faster than the broadband you're used
  to. It means you get download speeds of 1 gigabit per second,
  which is fast enough to download a two-hour movie in a just a few
  seconds.


You install a receiver called a Starry Point in your
  window, sort of like an air conditioning unit. It looks like a
  fancy antenna:


Tim Stenovec/Tech Insider



You can then connect your normal WiFi router to that
  antenna with a standard ethernet cable.


Starry also makes a $349 router called the Starry
  Station, which has a 3.8-inch touchscreen and can control smart
  appliances in your home in addition to delivering wireless
  internet. You'll also have to install a receiver outside your
  home.


  Starry did not say how much the internet service will cost, but a
  spokesperson told Tech Insider it would be noticeably cheaper
  than regular wired broadband. There also won't be data caps like
  you get with traditional wireless networks, so you can use as
  much data as you want for a fixed cost.


  The Android-powered Starry Station's screen displays the WiFi
  name and password, which makes it easier for people to hop on
  your home's network. It can also display how fast your
  connections is, where the connected devices in your home are, and
  block content with parental controls. The station has built-in
  customer service button that you tap when you need help. A
  service representative will call you in five minutes.


  You'll be able to reserve the Starry Station on February 5
  through starry.com.


   





The Starry Station
Starry




So, on paper, this sounds pretty neat. But it all depends
  on the 
millimeter wave band technology Starry
  runs on. Millimeter wave band uses high frequency radio waves to
  deliver data. But it sounds like Starry will have to install a
  lot of stations that transmit millimeter wave bands in the cities
  it operates. We won't know how well it works until the service
  goes live this Sunday.


  Starry launched Wednesday at an event in New York. We're still
  gathering details on how the service will work, but you can read
  the company's press release below:



The team from Project Decibel, Inc., today announced the
    launch of
Starry, Inc.
, a Boston- and
    New York-based technology company focused on revolutionizing
    how consumers access and connect to the internet. Starry’s
    mission is to connect people and things, wirelessly, seamlessly
    and effortlessly with beautifully designed products and
    platforms. The company is re-imagining broadband access by
    developing an eco-system of products and services designed to
    simplify and improve your connected life.


Starry has developed and is deploying the world’s first
    millimeter wave band active phased array technology for
    consumer internet communications, using that technology as a
    platform for rolling out a nationwide fixed wireless broadband
    network capable of delivering internet speeds of up to one
    gigabit, wirelessly to the home. Using a self-installation
    system, consumers will be able to buy Starry products directly
    and connect to the internet in minutes, without onerous
    contracts, data caps or having to wait for an installer.


Additionally, the company unveiled Starry Station, the
    world’s first ambient touchscreen Wi-Fi station, a beautifully
    designed smart home internet and Wi-Fi station that provides
    users with a window into their home’s internet health and
    device connectivity, all through an interactive 3.8” capacitive
    touchscreen. Starry’s launch was announced today by founder and
    CEO, Chaitanya “Chet” Kanojia at the Helen Mills Event Space in
    Manhattan.


“The future of connectivity is wireless and having
    simple, affordable access to an internet connection is
    imperative for every household and business,” said Kanojia.
    “But, far too many people don’t have a choice in how they
    access that connection. We set out to build an innovative
    alternative to wired broadband using millimeter waves and
    proprietary technology to deliver ultra high speed broadband to
    your home, wirelessly. With Starry’s technology, we can deploy
    and scale faster than traditional wired networks – at a
    fraction of the cost. This is how the networks of the future
    will be built around the globe.”


    With Starry Internet, the company is pioneering the use of
    millimeter waves as an alternative to fixed wireline broadband.
    Using the world’s first millimeter wave active phased array for
    consumer internet communications, Starry is capable today of
    achieving speeds of up to a gigabit of internet service,
    wirelessly, with deployment costs that are a fraction of the
    cost of deploying traditional wired broadband.
  

    By using OFDM modulation coupled with MIMO as a foundation,
    along with active phased array RF front ends, Starry’s
    technological architecture enables it to leverage OFDM radio
    technology, including MU-MIMO, in a dense architecture across
    multiple licensed spectrum bands, including ultra high
    frequency millimeter waves, to deliver high speed broadband to
    your home or business through a self-installed home receiver.
    There will be absolutely no data caps with Starry Internet.
  

    Starry Internet will launch its first beta in the Greater
    Boston area in the summer of 2016. Additional cities will be
    announced throughout the year.
  

    With Starry Station, the company is rewriting the book on Wi-Fi
    routers. With its distinct design and touchscreen display,
    Starry makes your router the centerpiece of your home to
    improve RF performance and usability by providing users a
    window into their internet connection.
  

Loaded with features including Starry’s internet
Health Score,
full internet health
    monitoring system and built-in persistent auto-speed
    test,
Activity Map
and
Device Finder, ScreenTime
parental controls,
    and customer support assistance available at a tap, Starry
    Station is 802.11ac, built with a dual radio that is 802.15
    ready for future IoT features and has the ability to support a
    wide range of connected devices in your home or business. With
    Starry Station, users have the ability to understand, at a
    glance, how their internet and Wi-Fi connections are performing
    at all times.


Starry Station will retail at $349.99 and people will be
    able to reserve at
Starry.com
until
    February 5. After February 5, Starry Station will be available
    for sale on
Starry.com
and pre-order
    on
Amazon Launchpad
, Amazon’s
    innovative program for startups. All orders will begin shipping
    in March 2016.


    Founded by Chet Kanojia and the elite team of engineers that
    helped create Aereo, Starry is backed by a group of premier
    investors including FirstMark Capital, Tiger Global, IAC, KKR,
    HLVP and Quantum Strategic Partners.
  



NOW WATCH: We drove a brand-new Tesla Model X from San Francisco to New York — here's what happened








            More:

                                                        Starry
















facebook





linkedin





twitter





email





print















×





                    Recommended For You
        
        
Powered by Sailthru





























This startup wants to bring super-fast, wireless internet to your home
This startup wants to bring super-fast, wireless internet to your home

A new startup is launching a product that...




















Recommended For You







 














Disclaimer




























Featured






Apple is lagging the market as iPhone 8 woes mount


More "The Bottom Line" » 






Here's how much you need to save for college every year depending on when you start


More "Year by Year" » 




 





Tech Insider Emails & Alerts
            
Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day.
Sign-Up







Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital


 
 
Read Business Insider On The Go
Available on iOS or Android
  







Find A Job




Tech Jobs


C-Level Jobs




Media Jobs


Design Jobs




Finance Jobs


Sales Jobs




See All Jobs »





Thanks to our partners






























Follow us on:












Also check out:






* Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our
                                                                Terms of Service                                and
                                                                                                Privacy Policy.

Disclaimer
Commerce Policy
Made in NYC




Stock quotes by finanzen.net



International Editions:
UKDEAUSINMYSGPLSENLFRITJP 





































Starry, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 5:25 PM ET
Communications Equipment

Company Overview of Starry, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Starry, Inc. develops Wi-Fi touch screen routers. The company’s product features include the ability proactively identify issues with Internet performance and suggests ways to fix them through notifications surfaced through its touchscreen. Its product is available for sale on Starry.com and pre-order on Amazon launchpad. The company was founded in 2014 and is headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts with an operation in New York, New York.


38 Chauncy Street2nd FloorBoston, MA 02111United StatesFounded in 2014



Phone: 617-861-8300

starry.com







Key Executives for Starry, Inc.




Mr. Chaitanya  Kanojia


      	Founder and Chief Executive Officer
      








Mr. Joseph T. Lipowski


      	Chief Technology Officer
      








Ms. Kristen  Morrissey  Thiede


      	Senior Vice President of Business Development and Corporate Strategy
      








Mr. Alex Moullé-Berteaux


      	Chief Marketing Officer
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Starry, Inc. Key Developments

Starry, Inc. Releases New Parental Control Features on Starry Station Wi-Fi Hub
Oct 12 16
Starry, Inc. released a new set of parental control features on its Starry Station Wi-Fi hub. ScreenTime 2.0 enhances the Starry Station's already robust parental controls by adding content filtering and blocking for apps and web domains, the ability to 'pause' the internet for specific devices and create custom rules tailored to each connected device. Starry Station's new parental controls provide an easier way to manage kids' online activities by centralizing all the controls at the network level - eliminating the need for parents to purchase and install separate and often confusing 'parental control' applications or other software. With ScreenTime 2.0, users can select easy 'starter rules' to filter explicit websites and apps as well as Google Safe Search and YouTube Restricted Mode to block adult-focused content from reaching their children's devices. With one tap via the Starry Station's touchscreen or via the Starry mobile app, parents will be able to activate and deactivate these rules, as well as 'pause' internet access for specific devices. Users can set their own custom rules around internet access or choose from Starry's starter rules which include: Bedtime: Help kids sleep soundly and distraction free by blocking device usage. Block Bad Content: Protect kids from harmful sites and apps by blocking them 24/7. Help Kids Focus: Limit use of certain sites and apps when kids need to focus but still need internet access, like homework time. The Great Outdoors: Get kids offline and outside! Set rules for when it's time for fresh air and outdoor activities. The new features update will also enable the Station to automatically identify and categorize what devices are connected to network, by displaying icons for each device on its interactive 3.8" capacitive touchscreen. Starry Station's additional features include the ability to proactively identify issues with internet performance and suggest ways to fix them through Notifications surfaced through its ambient touchscreen. The Station is also equipped with a full internet health monitoring system and built-in persistent auto-speed test, Activity Map and Device Finder and customer support assistance available at a tap. Starry Station is built with a dual radio that is 802.15 ready for future IoT features and has the ability to support a wide range of connected devices in home or business. The Starry Station retails at $299.99 and is available for sale on Amazon.com, Best Buy and B&H.


Starry, Inc. Presents at 3rd Annual MoffettNathanson Media and Communications Summit, May-19-2016 03:00 PM
May 2 16
Starry, Inc. Presents at 3rd Annual MoffettNathanson Media and Communications Summit, May-19-2016 03:00 PM. Venue: Le Parker Meridien, 119 West 56th Street, New York, NY 10036, United States.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 21st Century Telesis II Inc United States 21st Century Wireless Group, Inc. United States 360 Systems, Inc. United States 4L Technologies Inc. United States A-B-Sea Research, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Private Placement

			      December 1, 2016
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Starry, Inc., please visit starry.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Starry Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























starry inc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Communications
Industry: Telecom
Sub-Industry: Telecom Carriers
Starry, Inc. provides internet services. The Company offers wi-fi touch screen routers and internet services. Starry serves customers in the United States.




Corporate Information
Address:

38 Chauncy Street
2nd Floor
Boston, MA 02111
United States


Phone:
-


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.starry.com























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data





































Starry, Inc. - Jobs: Product Designer - Apply online
























All jobs
→
Product Designer

Product Designer
New York, United States · Marketing · 10016

DescriptionAs a Product Designer, you will play an essential role in shaping Starry's digital products. Our ideal candidate is whip-smart, a self starter, and passionate about the design industry at large. You apply strategy to your craft; ensuring every project is impactful. You care just as much about form as you do function. Your work will range from the conceptual, including: wireframing, prototyping, and user research–to obsessing over the details–fine tuning icons, creating standards guides, and providing assets to the Dev team. You thrive on collaboration and are comfortable working in tandem with Developers to see your work from concept to completion on projects big and small.What You’ll Do: Simplify the complex to create intuitive and delightful product experiences Collaborate with Product Designers, Developers, Product Managers, Copywriters, and the Marketing Team Develop concepts and design for a variety of products, across a broad range of platforms–including Starry Station, mobile, and web Produce a variety of concepts for each project, then iterate and ship them in a timely manner Experience & Skills Required: BA or BS degree 0-4 years of relevant experience — in-house, agency or otherwise A strong portfolio that demonstrates design thinking and core skills across a variety of digital design formats Fluency with digital design software including, but not limited to, Sketch, Figma, InVision, Framer, and Adobe products Competency in prototyping complex UX transitions and animation Enthusiasm for design and technology Willingness to work across internal teams in a fast-paced environment Outstanding shuffleboard skills also a plus    Happy Interneting!  Disclaimer: This job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of the employee.  Starry, Inc. is an equal employment opportunity employer and does not discriminate against any applicant because of race, creed, color, age, national origin, ancestry, religion, gender, sexual orientation, disability, genetic information, veteran status, military status, application for military service or any other class protected by state or federal law. 

Apply for this job




















A New WiFi Experience - Starry Station Touchscreen Router

























Take $50 off Starry Station for a limited time only. Shop Now →

Shop Now













Starry Station
Incredibly fast.Impossibly simple.

          The touchscreen router that will fix your WiFi problems for good.
        

Buy Now










Blinking lights on our routers leave us feeling helpless, not to mention frustrated. So we created Starry Station to change that forever. Now you can see your entire network, know how to fix issues, and get all the info you need–right on the touchscreen.











          “Starry Station is packed with high-end networking gadgetry... but the real story is how friendly it is to use.”
        
Tech Insider



          “Among the best I've seen”
        
CNET



          “...up and running in minutes”
        
The Verge



          “Starry Station is a beautiful piece of technology that delivers on its promise.”
        
Time



          “The Rolls-Royce of routers.”
        
Fast Co


































ScreenTime Parental Controls
From playtime to bedtime.In no time.
ScreenTime parental controls let you block bad content, filter certain sites and apps, and disable WiFi access easily across all devices—right from the Starry Station and the Starry app. No device-by-device setup. No extra hardware. No fuss.
Learn More


















Device Activity
No more guessing games.
Every device on your network is represented by an orb: blue is healthy, red means trouble, and the larger an orb is, the more data it’s using.





Notifications
Know when there's an issue.
Stay in the know with Notifications. When your internet is down, for example, Starry Station tells you, so you’ll know what’s going on as soon as it happens. Without any blinking lights to decode, you’ll be back online in record time.





Support On-Demand
Never wait on hold again.
Whether you’re having problems with a device dropping its connection or just have general WiFi questions, we’re here to help. You can request a support call directly from the touchscreen, and a real, live human will call you soon.








High-Performance 5GHz
Built for all the ways you WiFi.
Starry Station comes with a combined 2.4/5GHz network to cover your whole home, and a bonus 5GHz network for streaming and gaming. If it detects that a device could be performing better, it suggests moving it onto the 5GHz network.



            Rated #1 for 5GHz performance by CNET.
          












Name Generator
Give your neighbors network name envy.
WiFi names should be anything but boring. Our Name Generator serves up fun options for you to choose from. Got something in mind already? You can always customize your own.











The App
You can take it with you.
Whether you’re at home or away, the Starry app gives you access to extra features like guest networks, remote health checks, and more.






















Dual band MIMO 802.11ac WiFi
Fast WiFi for your whole home.
Starry Station gives you the speeds to do what you love online and optimizes performance based on your location. This means faster, more-reliable WiFi everywhere you need it.










Starry Station touchscreen router:bad WiFi's worst enemy.







Shop Now:


































Starry Internet Service — Happy Interneting.

























Take $50 off Starry Station for a limited time only. Shop Now →

Shop Now














Let's Stay in Touch
Want to know more about Starry Internet? Get the latest news, availability announcements, and more by signing up for email updates.





Submit






We'll be in touch.
Thanks for signing up. We’ll email you with updates and other information we think you’ll find interesting.







Welcome to Happy Interneting.

          We love the internet. But not the complicated plans, bundles and poor service. So we reinvented every aspect of it.
        
Learn More





















Starry Internet: A radical new Internet service

























Take $50 off Starry Station for a limited time only. Shop Now →

Shop Now














Let's Stay in Touch
Want to know more about Starry Internet? Get the latest news, availability announcements, and more by signing up for email updates.





Submit






We'll be in touch.
Thanks for signing up. We’ll email you with updates and other information we think you’ll find interesting.








          Everything you love about the internet. Nothing you don't.
        




We eliminated the bundles, contracts, hidden fees, and just left the good part: Lightning-fast, incredibly reliable, awesome internet service.

          Just fast internet. Only $50 a month. All in.
        

Check Availability

















How do you improve internet service?Rethink everything.







Just Fast Internet.
All we care about is one thing: delivering lightning-fast, super-awesome internet. Not packages of 600 TV channels you don’t watch, or a phone line you never use.







Simple Plans. No Tricks.
No gimmicks. No temporary promos. No hardware costs. No hidden fees. And no sneaky skyrocketing bills. 200 Mbps upload and download speeds. Only $50 a month. All in.







Better Experience, Built In.
Our service is designed to be a better experience, from start to finish. From painless installation on your schedule, to smarter products like our Starry Station WiFi hub included in every plan, to helpful people who are dedicated 24/7 to your internet happiness.







Next Level Technology.
From our wireless millimeter-wave beam that delivers the speed of traditional fiber cable at a fraction of the cost, to Starry Station which is lightyears beyond any router you’ve seen before. If it makes your internet experience better, we’re dreaming it up.





Check Availability













Starry Internet even looks different.
Meet Starry Station, the magical triangle designed to be at the heart of your internet experience. It serves as your home WiFi hub and your all-knowing, always-on support center. And it’s lightyears beyond the finicky blinking black boxes of the past.








        Featured in:
      

























Do you own a building?
Help us bring brilliant internet to your property.



Learn More





















Starry: Press

























Take $50 off Starry Station for a limited time only. Shop Now →

Shop Now











Press Resources.







Welcome to the Press Room.
If you are a member of the press and can’t find something you need—or you want to speak with someone from Starry—please contact us at press@starry.com.

Download Kit









Press Releases



12 October 2016
ScreenTime
Read Press Release


27 January 2016
Starry Station
Read Press Release


27 January 2016
Starry Launch
Read Press Release








Product Photography





Starry Station

Web |
            Print






Starry Station

Web |
            Print








Starry Station

Web |
            Print






Starry Station Notifications

Web |
            Print








Starry Station Notifications

Web |
            Print






Starry Station Notifications

Web |
            Print








Starry Station Parental Controls

Web |
            Print






Starry Station Parental Controls

Web |
            Print








Starry Station Parental Controls

Web |
            Print






Starry Station Parental Controls

Web |
            Print








Starry Station Parental Controls

Web |
            Print






Download All








Leadership








            Chet Kanojia
          

Founder and Chief Executive Officer
Chet Kanojia is founder and CEO of Starry, Inc. Prior to founding Starry, Chet founded and served as chief executive of Aereo, Inc. and Navic Networks.







            Joe Lipowski
          

Chief Technology Officer
Joe Lipowski is the Chief Technology Officer for Starry, Inc., where he leads the hardware and software engineering teams.







            Alex Moulle-Berteaux
          

Chief Marketing Officer
Alex Moulle-Berteaux is the Chief Marketing Officer for Starry, Inc., responsible for product development and marketing, sales, partnerships and customer care.



Download All






For more news from Starry:

Visit Our Blog






















Inc - Starry Blog
























Home








The blog.







Inc. Names Starry Station One of the Most Brilliant Product Designs of 2016
6.1.2016

      Share this via Twitter,
      Facebook,
Email



May was a great month here at Starry, and June is shaping up to be just as amazing. Today, Inc. named Starry Station as one of The 7 Most Brilliant Product Designs of 2016.
“Routers are difficult. This simplifies the process and offers elegant design.” - Vivian Rosenthal
Read the full feature here.
Don Lehman, Head of Product Design, called the award " a great validation for the whole Starry team. Not only for all of the hard work and long days we put in to make Station happen, but that our approach to making WiFi not only easy to use, but also beautiful and fun is resonating with people."
We’re proud to have made this list, and will continue working towards delivering simpler, better ways to stay connected. Congratulations to all the winners and finalists on a job well done. 



      Tags: Inc starrystation product design
























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















Starry Blog - Page 3

















Home








The blog.







Shuffleboard Arrives in Our NYC Office!
6.9.2016

      Share this via Twitter,
      Facebook,
Email



Shuffleboard is an off-hours hobby here at Starry. This week, we celebrated the arrival of our fresh new table with a birthday game (and some whiskey) in honor of our CEO, Chet. Check out some photos below.









      Tags: shuffleboard culture team




Inc. Names Starry Station One of the Most Brilliant Product Designs of 2016
6.1.2016

      Share this via Twitter,
      Facebook,
Email



May was a great month here at Starry, and June is shaping up to be just as amazing. Today, Inc. named Starry Station as one of The 7 Most Brilliant Product Designs of 2016.
“Routers are difficult. This simplifies the process and offers elegant design.” - Vivian Rosenthal
Read the full feature here.
Don Lehman, Head of Product Design, called the award " a great validation for the whole Starry team. Not only for all of the hard work and long days we put in to make Station happen, but that our approach to making WiFi not only easy to use, but also beautiful and fun is resonating with people."
We’re proud to have made this list, and will continue working towards delivering simpler, better ways to stay connected. Congratulations to all the winners and finalists on a job well done. 



      Tags: Inc starrystation product design




The reviews are in. And the results…
5.11.2016

      Share this via Twitter,
      Facebook,
Email



This week Starry Station started to make its way into the world. The results? From setup to daily use to performance and beyond, Starry Station shined in every category. We’ve gathered some of our favorites quotes below.
Setup is a breeze. 
Traditionally in the router category, setup has been a major struggle. Until now. Here’s what a few reviewers had to say about getting started with Station.
"Starry turns the unusually mundane task [of setting up your network] into a game..."
(TIME)
"The setup process is dead simple."
(CNET)
"Starry Station will be a breeze to set up and use...I was up and running in minutes."
(The Verge)
...And so is daily use. 
But it wasn’t just the setup they found simple. Seeing who’s online. Choosing a Wi-Fi name. Contacting Support. Overwhelmingly, reviewers noted the ease and simplicity of the entire experience. 
"...a wonderfully usable piece of design..."
(Fast Co. Design)
"There's no need to interpret blinking lights...every bit of information you need is accessible with just a few taps."
(TIME)
"Starry Station is packed with all the high-end networking gadgetry you'd expect from a premium router, but the real story is how friendly it is to use."
(Tech Insider)
Performance is exceptional. 
It may be super simple to use, but that doesn’t mean it underperforms. Quite the contrary. When put to the test, Starry Station proved that simplicity and outstanding performance can (and do) coexist. 
“...delivers fast speeds, it's easy to set up, it offers more flexible controls than most routers, and it looks nice."
(TIME)
"...passed the stress test with flying colors, being able to constantly handle heavy tasks between multiple devices for two days without disconnecting even once.”
(CNET)
“It has a sustained speed on the 5GHz band of 711Mbps at a close range of 10 feet, which is among the best I've seen.”
(CNET)
Putting it all together. 
Starry Station was designed to give people a better, easier way to do what they love online. Based on the initial reviews, it’s clear that that’s reflected through the overall experience Starry Station delivers. An experience only the  Rolls Royce of routers could provide. 
Add your voice to the mix. Order Starry Station today. 
Fact: Most of us may never own a Rolls-Royce. But we can all own the Rolls-Royce of routers. Order yours today on Amazon or through Starry.com and share photos using the hashtag #starrystation, and don’t forget to tag @StarryInternet. We’d love to hear from you.



      Tags: starry starrywifi starrystation wifi techinsider time cnet verge fastcodesign routers




Starry's Kristen Thiede on Infrastructure
4.1.2016

      Share this via Twitter,
      Facebook,
Email



Last week, the New York City Mayor’s Office for International Affairs held “Equity In and Through Tech: Moving from Conversation to Implementation” at the Ford Foundation in New York City. It was the official side event of the 60th United Nations Commission on the Status of Women. The event’s aim? Highlighting the importance of broadband and technology in achieving equity, specifically, gender equity within the tech space. 
The event featured an inspiring lineup of speakers who work within the tech industry, as well as a series of “Mini TED-Talk” presentations by leading experts in the field. One of those experts was Starry’s SVP of Business Development and Corporate Strategy, Kristen Thiede. 
Kristen led the audience in a discussion about innovations in infrastructure with respect to broadband and connectivity, and the differences between licensed and unlicensed spectrum. To hear her full speech, play the video below beginning at minute 26. 




      Tags: nyc starry starry internet nyc mayors office for international affairs spectrum licensed spectrum unlicensed spectrum connectivity broadband internet equity innovation infrastructure technology




Starry @ SXSW: The Recap
3.16.2016

      Share this via Twitter,
      Facebook,
Email



This past weekend we held our first official Starry Station event at SXSW Interactive, and it was a huge success. While our time in Austin was brief, we couldn't have had a better experience. Here's a quick recap.
The event was held at the Palm Door on Sabine, a rustic-chic urban loft space on a quaint street in downtown Austin. 

It was the perfect setting to meet and introduce people to Starry Station. And there were certainly a lot of great people to meet. We had over 430 guests come through. 


Members of the Starry team held demos, while guests were able to connect their devices to Starry Station's Wi-Fi and see it in action. 




Everyone  got their fill of Starry snacks. 

Guests also had a great time picking up Starry swag. Here's a partygoer wearing a limited-run SXSW Starry t-shirt. 

And another checking out #happyinterneting sunglasses. 

They were the perfect accessory for hanging out on our deck after demos. The sun was shining all afternoon and the deck was packed. 

All in all, it was a great afternoon. 

And when we weren't working, we got a chance to check out the city of Austin. Amazing food, friendly people, and incredible weather won us over. 


It was 48 hours well spent. We want to thank everyone who came and made our first Starry Station event such a huge success. Looking forward to many more.



      Tags: sxsw sxswi sxsw2016 starrywifi starrystation austin atx palmdoorsabine cornhole

























Starry.com

























Take $50 off Starry Station for a limited time only. Shop Now →

Shop Now











This isn’t right. 
Sorry, we can’t find the page you’re looking for. Unless you were looking for a 404 error.



















Starry.com

























Take $50 off Starry Station for a limited time only. Shop Now →

Shop Now











This isn’t right. 
Sorry, we can’t find the page you’re looking for. Unless you were looking for a 404 error.















Starry, Inc. Executives, Organizational Chart, Company Profile Information, Contacts | Headquarters, Locations, News   












Submit

ContactCareersLogin

MENUtoggle
Our Difference Research Client SuccessWho We Serve Sales Professionals Marketing Professionals Executives Recruiting/Staffing ProfessionalsSolutions [Column]  ABM & ABS Actionable Intelligence Competitive Intelligence Customer Success & Retention  [Column]  Data Quality & Management Data Sets Integrations Lead Generation  [Column]  Predictive Analytics Sales & Marketing Alignment Targeting & Ranking Knowledge Hub Blog Case Studies Insights FAQsAbout Careers News Pricing

Menu

HomeOur Difference Research Client SuccessWho We Serve Sales Professionals Marketing Professionals Executives Recruiting/Staffing ProfessionalsSolutions ABM & ABS Actionable Intelligence Competitive Intelligence Customer Success & Retention Data Quality & Management Data Sets Integrations Lead Generation Predictive Analytics Sales & Marketing Alignment Targeting & RankingKnowledge Hub Blog Case Studies Insights FAQsAbout Careers News PricingGet a Free ProfileSchedule a DemoRequest PricingContact UsLogin
Home / Companies / Starry, Inc.


Starry, Inc.

38 Chauncy Street 2nd Floor
Boston MA 2111 United States
Phone: +1 317-___-____
Fax: 
https://starry.com





7
Managers




31
IT employees




$6.9MEST.
IT Budget




Starry, Inc. offers Wi-Fi products and wireless internet service. It is located in New York City, New York.






Sector (Industry)
Technology (Telecommunications Services)


Employees
72


Revenue
$23.1M


FYE
12/31




Breaking news on investment signals




Date
Type
Inside Scoop




2017-01-30
Newly Funded
Topic: Software, Infrastructure.
Company: Starry, Inc., Boston, MA
Opportunity: The company, which provides visualized router services, recently received $30M in funding.







Want full access to this profile and more?
RainKing's clients have access to over 1,500 new investment signals published daily, which provide insights on spending initiatives, pain points, management changes and more from companies around the globe. Interested in becoming a client?
Request a demo
Request a quote




Technologies currently being used

IT
Marketing


Data Analytics/ Databases

Web Analytics
DoubleClick Floodlight
Data Infrastructure

Cloud Systems

Server and Operating Systems
DebianLinuxNginxUbuntu
Enterprise/ ERP

CRM
Zendesk

Enterprise Systems Support
Network/ Telecom Systems

Content Delivery Networks
Amazon CloudFront

Mobile Devices

Network Infrastructure
Productivity/ Operations

Email/Messaging
MailChimp

Office Automation
G Suite (Formerly known as Google Apps )

Transaction Software and eCommerce
DoubleClick (Google)
This is just a subset of the full Technolgies being used by this company.
Sales/ Mktg Automation

Lead Management

Marketing Resource Management
This is just a subset of the full Technolgies being used by this company.



Become a RainKing power-user today!
RainKing's rich data provides clients with a deeper understanding of who will be making – and what will be driving – upcoming investments in IT. Know what your prospects are planning before your competition does, and beat them to the negotiating table.
Request a demo
Request a quote




Org chart of IT decision makers




Chris Davies
Director, Treasurer and Assistant Secretary, Finance and Administration
___@starry.com
+1 317-___-____







Damon Mone
Director, Solutions Engineering
___@starry.com
+1 317-___-____







Julie Butensky
Director, Business Development
___@starry.com
+1 317-___-____



This is just a subset of the full Org Chart for this company.


Want access to this and more? Become a client today!
RainKing clients get access to all 615 decision makers in this company's org chart.
Request a demo
Request a quote








Want full access to this profile and more?
RainKing's clients have access to over 1,500 new investment signals published daily, which provide insights on spending initiatives, pain points, management changes and more from companies around the globe. Interested in becoming a client?
Request a demo
Request a quote









To receive a FREE PDF of this company, simply fill out the form below










Get your free company profile




Search





Subscribe to our newsletter



Connect with Us
 





 





 





 





 







 




7700 Old Georgetown Road
Bethesda, MD 20814-6100
1.866.592.7122
contactus@rainkingonline.com


 Sitemap Terms of Use Privacy Policy 


©2017 RainKing



