Starwood Capital Group, L.L.C.:  quotes & news - Google FinanceCookies help us deliver our services. By using our services, you agree to our use of cookiesLearn moreGot itMy AccountSearchMapsYouTubePlayNewsGmailDriveCalendarGoogle+TranslatePhotosMoreShoppingWalletFinanceDocsBooksBloggerContactsHangoutsKeepEven more from GoogleSign inHidden fieldsSearch FinanceAdobe Flash Player is required for interactive charts. AllowFinanceStarwood Capital Group, L.L.C.CompanySummaryNewsRelated companiesMarketsNewsPortfoliosStock screenerGoogle Domestic TrendsRecent Quotes (30 days)You have no recent quoteschg | %




Starwood Capital Group, L.L.C.
 









Officers and directors


Ellis Rinaldi
Executive Vice President and Co General Counsel


David Staub
Fire Chief


Russell Bennett
Managing Director and Head of Oil and Gas


Address
591 W Putnam AveGreenwich, CT 06830-6005USA+1 203-422-7700 (Phone)

Website links


www.starwoodvo.com










Luxury hotels may be the star at Starwood Capital but the firm also invests in other types of real estate and energy infrastructure. Starwood specializes in commercial and residential land development, multifamily units, hotels, offices, retail, industrial facilities, health clubs, and golf courses. Besides its budget and economy hotel segment, the company's hotel division manages its luxury hotel brands, including the five-star Baccarat Hotels and Resorts, and eco-resorts 1 Hotels and Resorts. Starwood Energy invests in power generation and renewable energy. Founded in 1991, Starwood has investments in the US, Europe, South America, and Asia. The partner-owned firm has more than $33 billion under management.


More from Hoovers »




Related companies




Name
Exchange
Symbol
Last trade

Change
Mkt cap




Starwood Capital Group, L.L.C.
Private












THE TRUMP ORGANIZATION INC
Private












Wedge Group Incorporated
Private












EQUITY OFFICE MANAGEMENT, L.L.C.
Private












Rbc Capital Markets, LLC
Private












FILLMORE CAPITAL PARTNERS, LLC
Private












Ccp Equity Partners, LLC
Private












SUNSET DEVELOPMENT COMPANY
Private












The Gale Company L L C
Private












Pivotal Group, Inc.
Private












Oaktree Capital Group, LLC
Private
















Google Finance Beta available in: Hong Kong - Canada - U.S. - China - U.K.Information is provided "as is" and solely for informational purposes, not for trading purposes or advice, and may be delayed.To see all exchange delays, please  see disclaimer.©2017 Google - Google Home - Blog - Help - Report a Problem - Privacy Policy - Terms of Service










 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Starwood Capital Group: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 5:26 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Starwood Capital Group



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Starwood Capital Group is a private equity and venture capital firm specializing in seed, startups, growth capital, buyouts, buyins, acquisitions, mezzanine, and asset and financial restructuring. The firm seeks to invest in global real estate, hotel trade, leisures, and luxury retail. It invests in various property types including hotel, retail, multi-family, office, hotel, resorts, industrial, residential, senior housing, and commercial land, apartments, mixed-use, distressed real estate, property loan, and golf. The firm also invests in products and services related to the hospitality, recreational, luxury lifestyle retail, other industries assets, and can make a mixture of debt and equit...
Starwood Capital Group is a private equity and venture capital firm specializing in seed, startups, growth capital, buyouts, buyins, acquisitions, mezzanine, and asset and financial restructuring. The firm seeks to invest in global real estate, hotel trade, leisures, and luxury retail. It invests in various property types including hotel, retail, multi-family, office, hotel, resorts, industrial, residential, senior housing, and commercial land, apartments, mixed-use, distressed real estate, property loan, and golf. The firm also invests in products and services related to the hospitality, recreational, luxury lifestyle retail, other industries assets, and can make a mixture of debt and equity investments including distressed debt, value-add, and income assets and corporate opportunities. It seeks to invest globally with a focus on United States, Europe and also invests in Brazil and India. The firm invests a minimum of €50 million ($73.98 million) per investment. It invests in companies with sales values upto €5000 million ($6618.10 million). The firm structures its investments through equity, preferred equity, mezzanine debt, and senior debt. Starwood Capital Group was founded in 1991 and is headquartered in Greenwich, Connecticut with additional offices across the North America, Asia, and Europe.
Detailed Description


591 West Putnam AvenueGreenwich, CT 06830United StatesFounded in 1991



Phone: 203-422-7700

Fax: 203-422-7784

www.starwoodcapital.com







Key Executives for Starwood Capital Group




Mr. Barry Stuart Sternlicht


      	Founder, Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman
      


Age: 56
        







Mr. Jeffrey G. Dishner


      	President, Senior Managing Director and Global Head of Real Estate Acquisitions & Debt Investments
      


Age: 52
        







Mr. Madison F. Grose J.D.


      	Senior Managing Director and Co-General Counsel
      








Ms. Laura M. Rubin


      	Managing Director of Asset Management
      








Mr. Steven M. Hankin


      	Managing Director of Portfolio Operations
      


Age: 56
        




Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Starwood Capital Group Key Developments

Starwood Capital Group Announces Acquisition of West Hollywood Hotel Property
Jul 27 17
Starwood Capital Group announced that it has acquired, through a controlled affiliate, the newly constructed 286-key The Jeremy West Hollywood hotel property in West Hollywood, Ca. Terms of the transaction were not disclosed. Designed by Skidmore, Owings & Merrill, the property will open in August as The Jeremy Hotel. Located on the corner of La Cienega and Sunset Boulevard, the hotel presents a very distinctive metal cladding in its exterior with its prominent hilltop location allowing for unobstructed breathtaking views from most rooms, ranging from Santa Monica to Downtown LA. The 286 room hotel features 50 suites, including two Penthouse Suites, a pool, fitness center, two large conference rooms and meetings and event space (totaling approximately 10,000 sq. ft.), a spectacular rooftop bar and lounge with 360 views, a café, restaurant and lobby bar.


Melia Hotels, Starwood Capital Seek Acquisitions
Jul 5 17
Melia Hotels International, S.A. (BME:MEL) and Starwood Capital Group run a joint venture, with 20% and 80% ownership respectively. The joint
venture continues to seek out opportunities to acquire and integrate additional properties into the portfolio with a focus on the Mediterranean resort markets.



Starwood Capital Group Presents at 39th Annual NYU International Hospitality Industry Investment Conference 2017, Jun-04-2017 through Jun-06-2017
Jun 1 17
Starwood Capital Group Presents at 39th Annual NYU International Hospitality Industry Investment Conference 2017, Jun-04-2017 through Jun-06-2017. Venue: New York, United States. Presentation Date & Speakers: Jun-05-2017, Kevin Colket, Managing Director, Asia. Jun-06-2017, Suril Shah, Senior Vice President of Acquisitions.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Merger/Acquisition

			      July 21, 2017
			    
1,276-Unit Apartment Portfolio



Merger/Acquisition

			      July 20, 2017
			    
544 Bed Chapel Ridge Student Housing Apartment Community in Northern Chapel Hill



Merger/Acquisition

			      July 12, 2017
			    
Heathrow International Business Center, which includes Six Class A Office Buildings





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Starwood Capital Group, please visit www.starwoodcapital.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Starwood Capital Group - Wikipedia






















 






Starwood Capital Group

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Starwood Capital Group




Industry
Private Equity


Founded
Greenwich, Connecticut


Founder
Barry Sternlicht
Robert Faith[1]


Headquarters
United States



Key people

Barry Sternlicht (Chairman and CEO)


Services
Hotels, retail, commercial lending


Website
www.starwoodcapital.com


Starwood Capital Group is an American private investment firm headquartered in Greenwich, Connecticut.[2] The businesses owned by the firm include Starwood Property Trust, Inc., Starwood Energy Group Global, L.L.C., Starwood Real Estate Securities, L.L.C., and SH Group. It was co-founded by Barry Sternlicht and Robert Faith in 1991.[1]



Contents


1 History
2 See also
3 References
4 External links



History[edit]
In 2000, Starwood Capital exited its investment in Starwood Hotels & Resorts, Inc. In 2003, the company exited its investment in iStar Financial, Inc.[3][4]
In 2005, it acquired Groupe du Louvre, which owns crystal maker Baccarat.
In 2009, a consortium led by Starwood Capital bought 40 percent of the loan portfolio of Corus Bank, a failed company.[5] In 2010 Starwood Capital Group lost an auction to buy Extended Stay Hotels to Centerbridge Partners. Starwood filed an objection against the sale to Centerbridge with the bankruptcy court in Manhattan.[6]
On July 12, 2010, Riviera Holdings –  owners of the Riviera hotel and casino in Las Vegas, Nevada; and Riviera Black Hawk in Black Hawk, Colorado –  filed a Chapter 11 bankruptcy petition in Las Vegas together with a reorganization plan, under which secured lenders, led by Starwood Capital Group, would receive new debt and stock.
In 2012, the company began construction on a chain of hotels under the name of Baccarat Hotels and Resorts which will feature crystal chandeliers from Baccarat.[7] The flagship hotel will be in New York City, New York, on the site of the old Donnell Library Center, which it had bought from the 21 Club. Other complexes are scheduled to open in 2014 and 2015 in Dubai, United Arab Emirates; Rabat, Morocco; Carthage, Tunisia; Marrakech, Morocco; and Foshan, Shanghai; and Tianjin, China.[8]
Also in 2012, Starwood partnered with Toll Brothers to develop the Pierhouse at Brooklyn Bridge Park[9] in Brooklyn[10] for US$280,000,000.
In December 2013, Starwood bought properties from the Swedish retail group Kooperativa Förbundet for 3.9 billion Swedish kronor, or $593.3 million.[11] The seven prime location retail parks and shopping gallerias are located in Stockholm, Gothenburg, Malmö, and Uppsala in Sweden.[11]
Between 2013 and 2014, Starwood acquired three British hospitality groups: De Vere Group (GB£232 million),[12] Four-Pillars Hotels (GB£90 million)[13] and Principal Hayley Group (GB£360 million).[14]
In February 2014, in a 1-for-5 stock distribution, Starwood Property Trust spun off Starwood Waypoint Residential Trust, a single-family rental real estate investment trust.[15] In January 2016, SWRT was merged with Colony American Homes in a $7.7 billion merger, creating the Colony Starwood Homes REIT (NYSE:SFR).[16]
On 26 March 2014 Starwood Capital became an indirect minority shareholder of A.S. Roma (9.36%), through purchasing 20% shares of AS Roma SPV; AS Roma SPV was the direct major shareholder of NEEP Roma Holding (60%); NEEP Roma Holding was the major shareholder of AS Roma SpA (78.038%).[17]
In the summer of 2014, Starwood purchased 7 upscale malls from Taubman Centers for a total of $1.4 billion. The malls are located in Virginia, Florida, North Carolina, Texas, and Michigan.[18]
The firm agreed to terms to acquire 23,262 apartment units from Equity Residential. The deal, valued at $5.365 billion, was planned to close in Q1 2016. The apartments were spread across five states in 72 communities. Starwood is purchasing the portfolio unencumbered.[19]
See also[edit]


Companies portal
Connecticut portal



List of Connecticut companies
Belden Village Mall
Belmar (Lakewood)
Blue Back Square
Capital Mall
Chicago Ridge Mall
Franklin Park Mall
Gateway Mall (Lincoln, Nebraska)
Great Northern Mall (Ohio)
Kitsap Mall
Louis Joliet Mall
Northridge Mall
Parkway Plaza
Plaza West Covina
Rimrock Mall
Solano Town Center
Southlake Mall (Indiana)
SouthPark Mall (Strongsville, Ohio)
Stony Point Fashion Park
Westland Mall (Hialeah)
The Promenade Bolingbrook
Fairlane Town Center
MacArthur Center
Metreon
Northlake Mall (Charlotte, North Carolina)
The Mall at Partridge Creek
The Mall at Wellington Green
The Shops at Willow Bend
The Arboretum of South Barrington


References[edit]


^ a b Rosta, Paul, "Bob Faith’s Mission to Buy, Build, Manage Drives Greystar", October 18, 2012. Faith went on in 1993 to found Greystar Real Estate Partners.
^ "Contact Us." Its chairman and chief executive officer is Barry Sternlicht. Starwood Capital Group. Retrieved June 28, 2010.
^ "Starwood Businesses: Past and Present". Starwood Capital Group. Retrieved June 28, 2010.
^ Staff (July 13, 2010). "Riviera Bankruptcy May Put Starwood in Control". The News-Times. Retrieved July 17, 2013.
^ Magin, James L. (October 6, 2009). "Starwood Capital Takes Over Failed Corus". Pacific Business News Retrieved July 17, 2013.
^ Humer, Caroline (June 15, 2010). "Starwood Fights Extended Stay Sale to Centerbridge". Reuters. Retrieved July 17, 2013.
^ Karmin, Craig; Hudson, Kris (April 24, 2012). "Starwood's Crystal Vision". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved July 17, 2013.
^ Baccarat Hotels website.
^ "Pierhouse at Brooklyn Bridge Park". Retrieved 2014-05-14. 
^ "Your Brooklyn Bridge Park Yuppie Overlords Got The Deal Of The Century". Gothamist. Retrieved 2014-05-14. 
^ a b Young, Vicki M. (27 December 2013). "Starwood Capital Acquires Swedish Retail Properties". WWD. Retrieved 27 December 2013. 
^ "Exclusive: De Vere Venues CEO Tony Dangerfield steps down". Conference News. 11 July 2014. Retrieved 10 January 2015. 
^ "Starwood Capital Group buys Four Pillars Hotels". The Caterer. 17 January 2014. Retrieved 10 January 2015. 
^ "Lloyds to sell off hotels in £360m deal". The Telegraph. 28 February 2013. Retrieved 10 January 2015. 
^ "Starwood Property Trust Announces Completion of Spin-Off of Starwood Waypoint Residential Trust". Wall Street Journal MarketWatch. 3 February 2014. Retrieved 5 February 2014. 
^ "Colony Starwood Homes Announces Closing of $7.7 Billion Merger of Starwood Waypoint Residential Trust with Colony American Homes, Creating the Premier Single-Family REIT" (press release), Business Wire, January 05, 2016. Retrieved 2017-01-24.
^ "Starwood Capital Group enters strategic partnership to help develop AS Roma's new stadium campus" (PDF). Starwood Capital. 26 March 2014. Retrieved 14 July 2014. 
^ "Starwood Closes Acquisition of 7 Malls from Taubman for $1.4B". 20 October 2014. Retrieved 9 December 2014. 
^ "Starwood Capital To Buy $5.37 Billion Suburban Multifamily Portfolio from Equity Residential - CoStar Group". www.costar.com. Retrieved 2015-12-08. 


External links[edit]

starwoodcapital.com, the company's official website





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Starwood_Capital_Group&oldid=790751502"					
Categories: Companies based in Fairfield County, ConnecticutGreenwich, ConnecticutInvestment companies of the United StatesPrivately held companies based in ConnecticutHidden categories: Use mdy dates from July 2013Year of establishment missing 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


Français 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 15 July 2017, at 21:15.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 











Home - Starwood Capital


















Home - Starwood Capital













































								To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video




Starwood Capital



© 2017 Starwood Capital Group | Disclaimer










 






Careers - Starwood Capital


















Careers - Starwood Capital






















































						Careers					


Mission Statement


Values


Open Positions












Mission Statement
At Starwood Capital, our mission is simple: To be the best investment firm in the world.
For Our Investors
We are committed to being a world-class investment firm that identifies value that others may overlook, while delivering superior results through rigorous financial and risk discipline.
For Our Employees
We are committed to maintaining an open, entrepreneurial, dynamic and intellectually rewarding work environment, based on a meritocracy that allows and encourages employees to strive for improvement in all aspects of their work—as an individual or as part of a team.


Values
Starwood Capital’s longstanding relationships with business partners, lenders and investors are a testament to our success in meeting the highest standard of fairness, cooperation and transparency. The Firm is relentless in the pursuit of value in our investments—yet our goal is equally to build strong partnerships with those who share our vision and passion for real estate investing.
Our objective is to be the best alternative investment manager for each of our Limited Partners. To achieve this, we have:

Created an ideal environment to attract talented people and teach them to become better investors.
Aligned our interests with those of our LPs, so our team members think like principals.
Always endeavored to do the right thing for our LPs.
Created a strong focus on risk/return analysis, with an emphasis on downside protection and capital preservation.



Open Positions
As a world-renowned and highly respected private investment firm, Starwood Capital is the ideal place for employees to build their careers. The Firm and its affiliates provide a wide range of work experiences and learning opportunities in the areas of acquisitions, asset management and operations. We offer a challenging, fast-paced yet collegial environment developed through teamwork and close working relationships with the Firm’s management team. Employees are given extensive responsibilities and stretched intellectually. As a result, at all levels of the organization, we continue to seek out energetic, self-motivated individuals with the ability to help implement innovative solutions that ultimately benefit our investors.
Starwood Capital Group
Starwood Capital Group is a private investment firm with a core focus on global real estate. Headquartered in Greenwich, CT, the Firm maintains 12 offices in six countries around the world.
Open Positions >

Starwood Retail Partners
Starwood Retail Partners, an affiliate of Starwood Capital Group, manages one of the largest regional mall operating platforms in the United States.
Open Positions >

1 Hotels
Operated by hotel brand management company SH Group, an affiliate of global private investment firm Starwood Capital Group, 1 Hotels combines the best of environmentally sustainable architecture and design with extraordinary comfort and an unrivalled level of service.
Open Positions >

Baccarat Hotels & Resorts
Operated by hotel brand management company SH Group, an affiliate of global private investment firm Starwood Capital Group, Baccarat Hotels & Resorts draws upon the 250-year history of the iconic French crystal maker to deliver a distinctive personalized experience in the world’s most illustrious locales.
Open Positions >

Starwood Property Trust
Starwood Property Trust (NYSE: STWD), an affiliate of global private investment firm Starwood Capital Group, is the largest commercial mortgage real estate investment trust in the United States.
Open Positions >

Starwood Waypoint Residential Trust
Starwood Waypoint Residential Trust (NYSE: SWAY), an affiliate of global private investment firm Starwood Capital Group, is one of the largest publicly traded owners and operators of single-family rental homes in the United States.
Open Positions >
It is the continuing policy of Starwood Capital Operations, L.L.C and its affiliates to offer equal employment opportunity to qualified individuals regardless of their race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, marital status, sexual preference or physical or mental disability, and to conform to applicable laws and regulations. Starwood Capital Operations, L.L.C. and its affiliates will make reasonable accommodations to known physical or mental limitations of a qualified applicant or employee with a disability unless the accommodations would pose an undue hardship.
EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER 












 






Funds - Starwood Capital


















Funds - Starwood Capital











































The Atlantic, AtlantaOwned by Starwood Opportunity Fund VIII and Corus Co-Invest








Facts At A Glance




Number ofOpportunisticReal Estate FundsLaunched





Size of Firm'sLargest Fund(SOF X)










UPB Value ofNon-PerformingLoans AcquiredVia Last Three Funds





Capital RaisedFor Firm'sInaugural Fundsin 1991









Walker Tower, New YorkOwned by Starwood Opportunity Fund VIII





Helsfyr Atrium, OsloOwned by Starwood Global Opportunity Fund X





Perimeter One, Raleigh, NCOwned by Starwood Global Opportunity Fund X





Mammoth Mountain Ski Resort, Mammoth Lakes, CAOwned by Starwood Opportunity Fund VII












						Funds					


Opportunistic


Hotel


Debt










Our funds generally take an opportunistic approach to global real estate investing. While operating amid widely disparate economic environments over the past 25 years, our funds have shared a focus on acquiring assets with strong potential fundamentals at a significant discount to replacement cost.




Opportunistic
STARWOOD GLOBAL OPPORTUNITY FUND X (SOF X)
Starwood Capital closed its 10th global opportunistic real estate fund in March 2015, with capital commitments from more than 100 investors globally totaling $5.6 billion—the Firm’s largest fund to date. SOF X continues the successful approach of its predecessor funds, with a focus on acquiring, developing and repositioning high-quality assets in nearly every major real estate asset class with strong fundamentals. At the same time, the Fund seeks investments that can generate consistent and growing cash-on-cash returns either sourced directly, in partnerships, or joint ventures. The major change with SOF X’s investment strategy is an increased focus on Europe, as we expect a growing number of opportunities to emerge from the region. Leveraging its robust pipeline, Starwood Capital through SOF X is well-positioned to invest opportunistically in compelling properties around the world, while continuing to be patient and thus avoid rushing to compete for overpriced transactions.
Starwood Distressed Opportunity Fund IX (SOF IX)
Starwood Capital closed its ninth global opportunistic real estate fund in April 2013, with $4.2 billion of total capital commitments from more than 100 investors around the world. The portfolio is diversified by both geography and product type, and has been constructed to focus on strong cash returns during the investment period. SOF IX has continued the successful strategy of predecessor fund SOF VIII, but with an increased focus on Europe. The Fund’s primary investment themes are centered on distressed debt (loan-to-own), value-add income assets (inflation hedge), corporate transactions and land/development opportunities.
Starwood Global Opportunity Fund VIII (SOF VIII)
Starwood Capital closed its eighth global opportunistic real estate fund in March 2010, with total equity commitments of $1.83 billion. Due to global uncertainty and volatility during our investment period, we focused on “margin of safety.” One clear measure of this approach is overall leverage that is extremely low for any type of fund, but especially for a real estate opportunity fund. We also sought investments that provided downside protection, asymmetric risk/reward profiles and hedges against inflation. The Fund pursued five major investment themes: land/residential, value-add income assets, distressed debt, corporate transactions and global hospitality. Our transaction sourcing is a key advantage for the Firm—and the vast majority of SOF VIII was sourced off-market in noncompetitive, privately negotiated transactions or through the bankruptcy process.
Starwood Global Opportunity Fund VII (SOF VII)
Starwood Capital closed its seventh global opportunistic fund in December 2005, with total equity commitments of $1.48 billion. SOF VII sought to construct a diversified portfolio by investing in undervalued real estate and real estate-related assets and operating companies globally across all property types, including hotel and leisure, multifamily and residential, office, senior housing and mixed-use developments. In numerous cases, we pursued a strategy that leveraged our best-in-class asset management team to invest capital and create incremental value within the properties.
Starwood Global Opportunity Fund VI (SOF VI)
Starwood Capital closed its sixth global opportunistic fund in February 2002, with total equity commitments of $567 million. SOF VI targeted both corporate opportunities and a variety of niche strategies. The Firm utilized its strong joint-venture platforms to expand its international investments in France, the U.K. and Germany, and to grow its senior housing and residential land investments in the U.S. We also combined the discipline of fundamental real estate investing with our knowledge of operating businesses to pursue compelling investments in the hotel and golf sectors.
Starwood Global Opportunity Fund V (SOF V)
Starwood Capital closed its fifth global opportunistic fund in April 1999, with total equity commitments of $516 million. We pursued a diversified strategy with an emphasis on the residential and retail markets, and constructed and/or redeveloped condominium projects in major cities. We also formed a series of joint ventures to acquire and redevelop retail properties. SOF V also featured the Firm’s first investment in the senior housing sector. A major initiative was the formation of investment platforms in Asia and Europe. With these efforts, Starwood Capital established a global presence that continues to expand to this day.
Starwood Opportunity Fund IV (SOF IV)
Starwood Capital closed its fourth global opportunistic fund in February 1997, with total equity commitments of $830 million. Our goal with the Fund was to combine Starwood Capital’s successful equity investment strategies with its expertise in high-yielding mezzanine investments. The result was a balanced portfolio with investments across mezzanine debt, hotel debt, mixed-use complexes, residential land development, retail and leisure-related assets. In March 1998, the Firm contributed SOF IV’s debt investments, combined with those of Starwood Mezzanine, to form iStar Financial, Inc., providing investors with increased liquidity in one of the nation’s leading commercial real estate finance companies.
Starwood Opportunity Fund II (SOF II)
Starwood Capital closed its second fund in November 1993, with $102 million of equity commitments. Utilizing its growing local partner network, the Firm sought to capitalize on opportunities resulting from distressed sellers, over-leveraged or mismanaged assets and the shortage of entrepreneurial capital in the market. The diversified portfolio consisted of hotel, office, land and multifamily assets across the United States. All of these investments were purchased at substantial discounts to replacement cost.
Starwood Opportunity Funds I and IA (SOF I)
Starwood Capital created its first opportunity funds in February 1991 and March 1993, respectively, with $52 million of equity commitments, to take advantage of capital dislocations in the real estate markets. After extensive bottom-up research, the Firm focused on acquiring multifamily units in domestic markets with improving fundamentals and limited competition. Starwood Capital purchased approximately 6,400 multifamily properties through an aggressive acquisition program that included equity and distressed debt from the Resolution Trust Corp., FDIC, savings & loan associations, over-leveraged partnerships and tax-exempt bondholders. Just 18 months after their organization, the Funds contributed the majority of their multifamily portfolio to an operating partnership controlled by Equity Residential Properties Trust (NYSE: EQR), a newly formed real estate investment trust, in exchange for operating partnership units convertible to shares of EQR stock. EQR went on to become the largest publicly traded apartment owner in the country. This transaction marked the first of numerous leading real estate platforms or companies that Starwood Capital would help create throughout its history.


Hotel
Starwood Capital Global Hospitality Fund II (Hotel II)
Starwood Capital closed its second dedicated hospitality fund in March 2010, with total equity commitments of $965 million. Utilizing low leverage, Hotel II focused on four core investment themes: superior cash flow-generating assets, major rebranding/repositioning opportunities, iconic assets and development/redevelopment opportunities in New York City, one of the nation’s strongest hotel markets. Nearly 90% of investments were sourced in noncompetitive, privately negotiated transactions or through the bankruptcy process—and most were purchased at prices significantly below replacement cost.
Starwood Capital Global Hospitality Fund I (Hotel I)
Following Barry Sternlicht’s departure from Starwood Hotels & Resorts, Starwood Capital raised its first dedicated hospitality fund in November 2005, with total equity commitments of $900 million. Through Hotel I, Starwood Capital continued its acquisition program in the hotel and leisure sector, with investments in luxury and budget hotels, extended-stay hotels, resorts, restaurants, leisure/entertainment properties, and island and hotel development opportunities.


Debt
Starwood Debt Fund II (Debt II)
Starwood Capital closed its second debt fund in January 2009, with total equity commitments of $378 million. Operating amid an exceedingly challenging recessionary environment, Debt II sought to capitalize on dislocations in the U.S. and global credit markets. The Fund focused on a full range of performing debt investments, including first mortgages, junior notes, commercial mortgage-backed securities, corporate bonds and mezzanine debt.
Starwood Mezzanine Investors (Starwood Mezzanine)
Convinced that equity pricing of real estate markets was reaching full value, we were one of the first equity investment firms to shift into the mezzanine market. We closed our third fund in November 1994, with total equity commitments of $220 million. The goal of the Fund was to create a portfolio of high-yielding mezzanine investments with significant current cash flow and positions in the capital structure that were at substantial discounts to replacement cost. Starwood Mezzanine invested across a range of multifamily, hotel, resort, office and land development assets. As a result, Starwood Capital attained a leading position in the developing mezzanine market by combining the Firm’s underwriting strength with its ability to creatively structure custom-tailored financing.












 



STARWOOD CAPITAL GROUP MANAGEMENT, L.L.C. Credit report, products, contacts













 Florida






Search









    STARWOOD CAPITAL GROUP MANAGEMENT, L.L.C.











Company number M16000009906
        

Status Active
        

FEI number 061531834
        

Company Type Foreign Limited Liability
        

Home State CT
        

Last activity date not available
        

Date Of Incorporation 12/9/2016
        

Principal Address
            1601 WASHINGTON AVE #800, MIAMI BEACH, 33139
            


Mailing Address 1601 WASHINGTON AVE #800, MIAMI BEACH, FL, 33139
        
STARWOOD CAPITAL GROUP MANAGEMENT, L.L.C. Principals

Manager
                Starwood Capital Group Holdings Gp L L C
                 


Address
                1601 WASHINGTON AVE #800, MIAMI BEACH, FL, 33139
                 







Registered Agent

Agent Name C T CORPORATION SYSTEM (c)
        

Agent Address
                1200 SOUTH PINE ISLAND ROAD, PLANTATION, FL, 33324
                

Description
STARWOOD CAPITAL GROUP MANAGEMENT, L.L.C. has been set up 12/9/2016 in state CT.  
The current status of the business is Active. The STARWOOD CAPITAL GROUP MANAGEMENT, L.L.C. principal adress is 1601 WASHINGTON AVE #800, MIAMI BEACH, 33139. 
Meanwhile you can send your letters to 1601 WASHINGTON AVE #800, MIAMI BEACH, FL, 33139. 
The company`s registered agent is C T CORPORATION SYSTEM 1200 SOUTH PINE ISLAND ROAD, PLANTATION, FL, 33324.  
The company`s management are Manager - Starwood Capital Group Holdings Gp L L C.






Comprehensive Report about this company
        





(view sample)








Similar Companies
STARWOOD CAPITAL HOTEL BRAND GP, L.L.C.
STARWOOD CAPITAL LLC
STARWOOD CAPITAL OPERATIONS, L.L.C.
STARWOOD CENTRAL FLORIDA, LLC
STARWOOD COMMUNICATIONS INC.
STARWOOD COMPANY
















Home - Starwood Capital


















Home - Starwood Capital













































								To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video




Starwood Capital



© 2017 Starwood Capital Group | Disclaimer










 






Investments - Starwood Capital


















Investments - Starwood Capital











































Salesforce Tower, LondonFinanced by Starwood Property Trust








Facts At A Glance




Square Feet ofRetail Assets Acquired





Units of Apartments and Condos Acquired





Office Assets Acquired






Residential LotsAcquired





Hotels Acquired









1 Hotel Central Park, New YorkOwned by Starwood Opportunity Fund VIII and Starwood Hospitality Fund II





The Shops at Willow Bend, Plano, TXOwned by Starwood Global Opportunity Fund X, managed by Starwood Retail Partners





Independence, Orlando, FLOwned by Starwood Opportunity Fund VIII, managed by Starwood Land Ventures





The Visionaire, New YorkOwned by Starwood Opportunity Fund VII












						Investments					


Private Transactions


Public Offerings


Privatizations


Eco-Conscious Investment










Starwood Capital has consistently sought to acquire well-located real estate assets at a discount to replacement cost that have the potential to benefit from improving fundamentals. In so doing, we have invested in a wide range of  distressed securities and non-performing loans, single assets, portfolios of assets and companies. Following are some notable investments over the Firm’s history.




Private Transactions
Corus Bank
In October 2009, a consortium led by Starwood Capital acquired a $4.5 billion face-value distressed loan portfolio owned by the former Corus Bank. The $2.7 billion purchase of the portfolio from the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. was one of the government’s largest distressed debt transactions during the Great Recession. The portfolio at acquisition consisted of more than 100 loans and owned real estate assets linked to high-quality condominiums, multifamily housing, office properties and land. Our strategy included “reworking” more than 40 large, non-performing loan positions and creating a dedicated entity (ST Residential) to manage the 13-asset multifamily portfolio. The team subsequently created an innovative branded lifestyle message for the multifamily properties that allowed it to raise prices and rents while achieving healthy absorption rates, followed by a successful program of loan payoffs, condo sales and asset sales. In March 2015, the Firm sold the last major asset in the portfolio.
Now, as Starwood Capital focuses on managing the end of the life of this partnership, we team can look back on what has proven to be an extraordinary investment for investors and the U.S. government.
Regional Mall Portfolio
Starwood Capital’s growing mall portfolio is an example of the Firm’s ability to leverage in-house expertise to add value to its investments. In two separate transactions in June 2012 and November 2013, Starwood Capital funds purchased a total of 14 attractive malls from the Westfield Group. Due largely to a longtime relationship between Starwood Capital and Westfield senior executives, we were able to hand-pick many of these assets.
The overall portfolio has continued to grow under the leadership of Starwood Retail Partners, the wholly owned, fully integrated operating platform that we created to oversee our retail assets. The collection across multiple funds now comprises 30 properties totaling 28 million square feet of gross leasable area and over $6 billion of gross asset value. Starwood Retail Partners is actively pursuing a number of re-tenanting and re-merchandizing opportunities for the assets, and has created “refresh” plans to enhance the shopping experience for customers.
The Principal Hotel Company
In February 2013, Starwood Distressed Opportunity Fund IX, alongside a limited partner co-investment vehicle, acquired Principal Hayley Group and its extraordinary pan-U.K. collection of 22 grande-dame style hotels, as well as a London conference center. This purchase represented an opportunity to invest in an entire hotel company, including its management team, brands and technology platform. The platform expanded in January 2014 through the acquisition of Four Pillars Hotels—a portfolio of five hotels located in and around the historic city of Oxford. The portfolio grew further in March 2014 with the acquisition of De Vere Venues, which added 23 owned and leased hotels, as well as several conference centers in London.
After realizing significant cost synergies, delivering robust operating performance and investing more than £200 million of capital across the portfolio, Starwood Capital announced a rebranding of its collection of U.K. hotels under the name of The Principal Hotel Company. The new brand comprises Principal—city-center hotels based in landmark buildings in exceptional locations, and De Vere—modern country estate hotels with mansion houses at their heart.
The Principal brand launched in November 2016 with a trio of properties—The Principal Manchester (formerly The Palace Hotel), The Principal Edinburgh George Street (formerly The George Hotel) and The Principal York (formerly The Royal York Hotel). The Principal portfolio also includes Principal Partners—iconic hotels that will soon join the brand, among them The Grand Central Hotel in Glasgow; The Hotel Russell in London, which is currently closed and is due to reopen in summer 2017 as The Principal London; and the former Martins Bank Building, which will reopen as The Principal Liverpool in early 2018. The De Vere brand is scheduled to launch in spring/summer 2017.
The distinctive heritage and resulting relationship between the properties and their surrounding communities are the cornerstones of The Principal Hotel Company brand. Each of the hotels has a story to tell—of its history, its design and architecture, its quirks and characters, and its role in shaping the area in which it resides. In contrast to the mass-produced chain hotel, these stories provide The Principal Hotel Company with a canvas on which to curate a unique sense of place for each property.
LNR Property LLC
Starwood Capital has long demonstrated the ability to tackle complex investments that offer attractive risk/return potential. Such was the case when the Firm teamed up with affiliate Starwood Property Trust (NYSE: STWD) on the $1.05B acquisition of the largest special servicer in the U.S., LNR Property LLC, in April 2013.
While Starwood Property Trust‘s purchase of LNR greatly enhanced its expertise in the distressed marketplace and added Starwood Mortgage Capital, a commercial real estate conduit loan origination platform, Starwood Capital through an affiliated fund also acquired two important components. The first was LNR’s Commercial Property Group, a real estate portfolio consisting of 26 assets in nine states, concentrated in land suitable primarily for single and multifamily development. The second component was an interest in Auction.com, which sells owned real estate and loans on behalf of financial institutions, corporations and individual owners. In 2014, Google Capital invested $50 million in Auction.com and has committed to helping the company take advantage of its unique platform.
Starwood Capital continues to evaluate both the commercial mortgage-backed securities markets and LNR’s portfolio to identify situations where the team can provide potential solutions for troubled borrowers. LNR’s position as the largest special servicer in the United States—and the named special servicer on approximately 23% of all CMBS transactions in the industry—enables it to provide unique insights into specific investment opportunities, sectors and markets. In addition, Starwood Property Trust’s non-controlling minority interest in Situs—which acquired LNR subsidiary Hatfield Philips International in 2016—provides Starwood Capital with important visibility into the continued untangling of the region’s distressed real estate loan inventory.
Select-Service Hotel Portfolio
In 2015, Starwood Capital took a major step in the Firm’s continuing expansion into the select-service space with Starwood Global Opportunity Fund X’s acquisition, alongside a limited partner co-investment vehicle, of TMI Hospitality, one of the largest owners, managers and developers of select-service hotels in the United States, with 184 operating hotels and more than a dozen in the development pipeline. This follows joint ventures that Starwood Capital has established across multiple recent funds that target select-service hotels with strong cash-on-cash yields that can be acquired at significant discounts to replacement cost. As a result, the Firm has assembled one of the largest collections of select-service hotels in the United States. In October 2016, China Life—China’s largest life insurance company—announced that it would serve as the anchor and leading investor for a 280-asset, 24,000-key select-service portfolio alongside a consortium of sovereign wealth funds and other investors that Starwood Capital assembled.
Starwood Capital created value throughout all phases of the investment period for these select-service properties. The assets in the sold portfolio were acquired at favorable entry points and aggregated into a portfolio well-diversified by brand, geography and demand drivers. The Firm’s dedicated select-service asset management team implemented strategies to improve revenue, control costs and strategically invest capital to improve guest-facing areas—to maximize return on investment and profitability. In addition, the team executed the optimal exit strategy of a private portfolio sale to investors seeking a well-diversified portfolio of strong cash flow-generating hotels.
1 Hotel & Homes South Beach
With the 2009 acquisition via SOF X and and a limited partner co-investment vehicle of Corus Bank’s loan portfolio, Starwood Capital became the second-largest condo owner in Miami. As a result, the team was intimately familiar with the city and its massive potential.  All that was needed was the right opportunity to capitalize upon—and the team found it with the Gansevoort, an unloved property blessed with a perfect location on South Beach.
In February 2012, SOF VIII and an LP co-investment vehicle purchased the fee-simple interest in property in a 50/50 joint venture with one of New York’s most successful private developers. After an approximately $250 million renovation, Starwood Capital celebrated the opening of the newly rebranded 1 Hotel South Beach in March 2015. The opening also marked the launch of 1 Hotels, a new lifestyle hotel brand that cultivates the best of eco-conscious design and sustainable architecture, together with extraordinary comfort and an unrivaled level of service.
The team has already seen remarkable demand for the property’s condos—amid a market that is red hot and growing hotter. Starwood Capital is thrilled that its bullish view on Miami has materialized, and is excited to have delivered what the team believes is one of the city’s (and country’s) premier hotel and condo destinations.
NAMA Loan Portfolio
In August 2013, SOF IX purchased—at a significant discount to par—an €809.4 million ($1.0 billion) non-performing loan portfolio from the National Asset Management Agency (NAMA), the Irish “bad bank.” Consisting of 18 loans secured by 39 Irish commercial properties, the portfolio was the first sale of Irish assets by NAMA. The pool—heavily concentrated in Dublin, Ireland’s largest and most liquid market—comprised retail, industrial and residential properties, offices, parking garages and land/development sites.
The transaction highlights our focus on the increasing number of distressed debt investment opportunities in Europe, and it positioned us to benefit from the recovering Irish real estate market in general, and Dublin in particular. Building on this relationship, in January 2015, Starwood Capital via SOF X purchased a portfolio of four extended-stay hotels and one residential complex in London following the completion of an administration and company voluntary arrangement process led by NAMA and Duff & Phelps.
Westin Hotels & Resorts
In 1993, Japanese construction company Aoki Corp. was under pressure from its lenders to shed non-core operations, including Westin Hotels & Resorts. The hotel company had been struggling, and a reputation for poor operating performance had prevented it from adding new management contracts. After extensive negotiations, funds managed by Starwood Capital acquired Westin in May 1995 for $537 million. The team quickly installed a new management team to execute a strategy of operational enhancements, brand marketing and growth.
As a result of these efforts, Westin saw its managed or franchised hotels increase from approximately 70 to more than 120, before Starwood Hotels & Resorts (NYSE: HOT) purchased the business for $1.6 billion in January 1998. This transaction served as an early example of the Firm’s skill in identifying undervalued assets and enhancing operations through its asset management expertise—and helped establish the Firm as a global leader in the hospitality space.
u.s. suburban office portfolio
In April 2015, SOF X purchased a 6.7 million square-foot, high-quality, welllocated suburban office portfolio in an off-market transaction for $1.125 billion. The vast majority of assets were located in the high-growth markets of Raleigh, Nashville and South Florida. 
The portfolio at acquisition included 61 existing buildings and 57 acres of land, as well as a building under construction in Raleigh. The buildings were based in markets with minimal supply under construction, with the majority of that new construction pre-leased—thus greatly reducing the negative impact new supply might have on the portfolio. Moreover, these office markets are expected to continue experiencing strong rent growth, with projected job and population increases that are among the best in the nation. Starwood Capital has built a dedicated office asset management team that is positioning the portfolio’s assets to capitalize on strong cash flow and maximize profit by investing in high-return amenities, actively engaging tenants on early renewals and increasing rents to market levels. 
The team has also taken advantage of opportunities to generate upside through early asset sales—including selling non-strategic properties for prices well above initial allocations.This investment demonstrated Starwood Capital’s ability to identify an attractive point in the cycle to enter markets (in this case, for suburban offices) that were well-positioned for growth.
starwood land ventures
Anticipating an opportunity that would emerge following the financial crisis, the Firm in 2008 began to selectively acquire both small and large assemblages of finished and semi-finished residential lots in some of the nation’s most distressed markets that the team nonetheless believed were positioned for recovery. To pursue this strategy, Starwood Capital created an affiliate, Starwood Land Ventures, which teamed up on an exclusive basis with best-in-class, local residential land experts in Arizona, California, Colorado and Florida.
Since its inception, Starwood Land Ventures on behalf of multiple funds has purchased nearly 20,000 lots at an average price of over $13,000 per lot—resulting in what the Firm believes may be the largest independent fee assemblage of finished and semi-finished lots in the United States since the Great Recession. Among its acquisitions, Starwood Land Ventures purchased the remaining 635 fully entitled lots in the gated community of Country Club East within the master-planned community of Lakewood Ranch in Sarasota, Florida—the top-selling master-planned community in the state at the time. In California, Starwood Land Ventures is developing residential land in supply-constrained submarkets with high demand—including Terramor, one of the largest land parcels to be developed into a new home community along the I-15 corridor, and Robinson Ridge, one of the last remaining spaces available for large single-family detached homes in Orange County.
To date, Starwood Land Ventures has generated significant profits by selling 69% of the lots at average pricing of more than $59,000 per lot—solidifying its position as one of the nation’s leading providers of residential sites to the homebuilding industry.
denver union station assemblage
In 2011, Starwood Capital via SOF VIII capitalized on the opportunity to form a joint venture with the master developer for the 50-acre Union Station project in Denver, Colorado—the largest transit-oriented development in the U.S. The Fim believed that Denver was poised for a resurgence, and that the Lower Downtown (LoDo) area in particular—which includes the Union Station neighborhood—was primed to emerge as the new city center. As part of the JV, SOF VIII’s partner contributed several undeveloped land parcels that were all located within steps of the historic Union Station, which has become Denver’s new transit hub.
The first building that the JV developed, One Union Station, was sold in 2014—and established a new high-water mark for Denver office pricing on a per-square-foot basis. The second, the Triangle Building, was completed in August 2015, and is home to high-quality tenants including Liberty Global, WeWork and AutoDesk. The third property, 16 Chestnut, was sold to an institutional core investor in June 2016, prior to the start of construction—setting a new record for the highest price per buildable square foot ever paid for land in Denver, and locking in profits without ever putting a shovel in the ground. The building was 81% pre-leased to Davita Healthcare Partners, the leading provider of kidney services in the United States.
The Denver office market continues to thrive, with LoDo in particular becoming a destination of choice for Fortune 500 companies. The team is excited to see the market play out as expected in its original investment thesis.
150 west 34th street
In 2014, SOF IX acquired 150 West 34th Street, a 78K square foot retail building 100% leased to Old Navy. The Fund purchased the property—situated in the heart of New York City’s 34th Street retail corridor, between Sixth and Seventh avenues—from a seller that was determined to close quickly. Thus, the Starwood Capital team was able to showcase the ability to rapidly and thoroughly analyze and finalize what it viewed as a fantastic opportunity to acquire a prime retail asset—with an investment-grade tenant and valuable optionality through development rights—in one of NYC’s top shopping districts.
At acquisition, the 34th Street corridor was experiencing a major rejuvenation—some of its most prominent stores, such as the Macy’s and H&M flagships, were undergoing significant renovations. Due to the disparity in rents between 34th Street and the Times Square, Madison Avenue and Fifth Avenue shopping districts, the team believed that tenants would increasingly be attracted to this corridor. With Penn Station down the block, foot traffic averaged up to 12,000 pedestrians per hour at peak times—and the team knew the neighborhood was well-positioned to reap the additional benefits of Hudson Yards and other nearby development and improvement projects.
With market participants recognizing the increasing strength of the 34th Street retail corridor in New York, the team elected to realize those gains by selling 150 West 34th Street for significantly more than its purchase price—barely one year after SOF IX’s acquisition of the asset.
walker tower
With its Walker Tower investment, Starwood Capital was able to position itself to capitalize on the New York City luxury condo boom. In December 2010, the team negotiated a 50% interest in a 19-story condominium complex located at 212 West 18th Street, between 7th and 8th avenues, in New York City’s stylish Chelsea neighborhood. At the time of acquisition, the Firm’s outlook for high-end luxury development in the downtown Manhattan area was extremely positive, due to decreasing supply, a stable price environment, increasing sales volumes and limited new construction.
Originally built in 1929 for Bell Telephone Company, the property was designed by Ralph Thomas Walker—named “the architect of the century” by The New York Times. Walker Tower presented an exciting redevelopment opportunity, due to its 13’6” average ceiling heights, art deco architecture, space for residential terraces, unobstructed views of the Empire State Building, Hudson River, New York Harbor and both midtown and downtown, neighborhood amenities and existing development rights. The transformation of the asset into 47 high-end residential condominiums involved a gut renovation of the entire building, as well as the construction of four additional floors.
Starwood Capital’s in-house design staff, in collaboration with the Firm’s development partners, produced what we believed to be an extraordinary product. Clearly, the market agreed with the team’s assessment—extremely high demand allowed Walker Tower to sell out at an average of $3,750 per square foot. A full-floor penthouse unit in the building sold in January 2014 for $51 million, or nearly $8,400 per square foot—setting a new record for a downtown Manhattan condominium transaction.


Public Offerings
Starwood Property Trust
Amid the depths of the Great Recession, Starwood Capital recognized that traditional commercial lenders were withdrawing from the marketplace and a significant need had emerged for alternative commercial mortgage financings. In August 2009, Starwood Capital created Starwood Property Trust, Inc. (NYSE: STWD), a publicly traded real estate finance company focusing on originating, acquiring, financing and managing commercial mortgage loans and other commercial real estate debt investments. With an initial market capitalization of $950 million, Starwood Property Trust was, at the time of its IPO, the largest blind pool company ever created and traded on the NYSE.
In conjunction with Starwood Capital, Starwood Property Trust in April 2013 acquired LNR Property LLC and subsidiary LNR Partners LLC, the largest special servicer in the U.S., thus gaining significant expertise in the distressed marketplace while also adding substantial scale and sophistication to the company’s operations. LNR subsidiary Hatfield Philips International, one of the largest loan servicers in Europe, also helped position Starwood Property Trust to capitalize on the unwinding of European banks’ real estate lending portfolios. In November 2016, Starwood Property Trust sold Hatfield Philip to Situs, while retaining a non-controlling minority interest in Situs—thus positioning the team to benefit from the scale and opportunities supplied by a leading global provider of advisory and loan servicing solutions. In addition, Starwood Property Trust in early 2014 spun off its single-family residential operations into a separate entity, Starwood Waypoint Residential Trust (NYSE: SWAY), that is listed alongside Starwood Property Trust on the NYSE—and is one of the largest publicly traded investors, owners and operators of single-family rental homes in the U.S.
The business has grown dramatically since inception, and Starwood Property Trust today is the nation’s largest commercial mortgage REIT by market capitalization. With total capital deployed since inception of more than $32 billion, Starwood Property Trust continues to solidify its position as one of the world’s leading non-bank real estate finance companies.
Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide, Inc.
Starwood Capital is perhaps best known for creating and building Starwood Hotels & Resorts. This leading global hotel company has its origins in Starwood Capital’s initial investment in publicly traded Hotel Investors Trust (NYSE: HOT) in 1994. At that time, HOT had an equity market capitalization of just $8 million and needed an immediate recapitalization. Through a series of complex negotiations, Starwood Capital affiliates acquired a majority interest in HOT, and completed a restructuring and reorganization of the company. Between 1994 and 1998, Starwood Capital dramatically expanded the rebranded Starwood Hotels—highlighted by the acquisition of two major hotel companies, Westin Hotels & Resorts and ITT Sheraton. Following these transactions, Starwood Hotels in three short years had become the largest hotel company in the world, with more than 120,000 employees at its peak, 895 properties in 100 countries, and ownership of brands such as W Hotels, Westin, Sheraton, The St. Regis, Le Méridien and The Luxury Collection.
Barry Sternlicht became the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the renamed Starwood Hotels & Resorts in 1995. Mr. Sternlicht created W Hotels, generally regarded as the world’s most successful “boutique” brand, built St. Regis Hotels from a single hotel to a global brand, and is credited with industry innovations including the Westin Heavenly® Bed and line of related products and Starwood Preferred Guest, the industry’s first “no-blackout” frequent-stay program.
Equity Residential
At its inception in 1991, Starwood Capital was focused on the disarray in the real estate markets resulting from the S&L crisis of the late 1980s and early 1990s. Over approximately 18 months, the Firm acquired 7,000 multifamily units at a fraction of replacement cost through the purchase of equity and distressed debt from the Resolution Trust Corp., FDIC and troubled lending institutions. In assembling this portfolio, Starwood Capital focused on newer properties in fundamentally sound secondary markets, with the strategic view that the recovery would be both imminent and dramatic. In August 1993, the Starwood Capital funds contributed approximately 6,400 multifamily units to Sam Zell’s Equity Residential (NYSE: EQR) at its IPO. EQR went on to become the largest publicly traded apartment owner in the country, with Barry Sternlicht serving on its Board of Directors for several years.
This transaction marked the first of numerous investments in which the Firm created leading real estate platforms or companies in order to enhance value for its investors.
Starwood Waypoint Residential Trust
Consistent with Starwood Capital’s longstanding approach of investing capital at attractive return levels relative to risk, the investment team identified an opportunity to buy, renovate and lease a large assemblage of single-family homes across the United States. Leveraging the efforts of Starwood Capital, affiliate Starwood Property Trust (NYSE: STWD) constructed a portfolio of 7,200 single-family homes and distressed and nonperforming residential mortgage loans. The team built this portfolio using a network of local partners who managed the renovation and leasing of these homes and the resolution of the loans. Starwood Capital also used its real estate acumen to build scale in select geographic markets that the team believed had the greatest potential for long-term appreciation, and in which the team could buy homes at the largest discounts to replacement cost. The success of these efforts was reflected in the fact that the portfolio grew to almost $800 million, or 13% of Starwood Property Trust’s equity base. Once the team decided to spin off these assets, it scoured the country to find a best-in-class management team to build an industry-leading company. To that end, Starwood Capital acquired Waypoint Homes, a veteran of this newly institutional asset class. In 2014, Starwood Capital and Starwood Property Trust completed the spinoff of the single-family rental business and created Starwood Waypoint Residential Trust (NYSE: SWAY).
In 2016, Starwood Waypoint merged with Colony American Homes, bringing together two industry pioneers and creating a portfolio of over 30,000 homes. The combined company—for which Starwood Capital CEO Barry Sternlicht serves as Chairman—is today one of the largest publicly traded investors, owners and operators of single-family rental homes in the United States.
TRI Pointe Homes
By 2010, amid a rather grim macroeconomic climate, the Starwood Capital investment team believed that many of California’s housing markets had hit cyclical lows, and long-term demographics, household formation and population growth all implied a positive course ahead. Therefore, the team thought that a pure-play homebuilder focused on California would be extremely well-positioned in the market.
SOF VIII created a vertically integrated homebuilder focused on California, led by Doug Bauer, the former President and COO of William Lyon Homes. An opportunistic niche builder and land developer, TRI Pointe Homes’ approach focused on constructing single-family detached and attached homes, targeting entry-level and move-up buyers in proven, fast-growing markets. TRI Pointe Homes (NYSE: TPH) went public in 2013—the first IPO for a homebuilder in almost a decade. In 2014, TRI Pointe Homes combined its assets with Weyerhaeuser’s homebuilding subsidiary, WRECO, in a transformative transaction for the company—for which Starwood Capital CEO Barry Sternlicht served as Chairman—that promised to accelerate the company’s growth.
With nearly 28,000 lots owned and controlled by year-end 2015, TRI Pointe Homes had grown to become one of the largest homebuilders in the United States. In March 2017, the team sold SOF VIII’s remaining stock position in the company, fully realizing this investment.
iStar Financial, Inc.
In the mid-1990s, Starwood Capital recognized that the abundance of real estate capital, led by the growing REIT sector, was driving up pricing on traditional asset classes, and thus shifted its acquisition focus to mezzanine lending. After executing more than $1 billion in financings within a four-year period, the Firm capitalized on its sizable, well-seasoned portfolio and took the business public in 1998 by creating Starwood Financial, Inc. (NYSE: SFI). The Firm contributed the assets to a small, public REIT that it controlled and provided a dedicated management team to the entity. Barry Sternlicht became Chairman of the Board and several other executives of the Firm assumed Board seats. Starwood Capital subsequently expanded the company by closing on more than $1.1 billion of new financing commitments and by merging with TriNet Corporate Realty Trust.
Subsequently renamed iStar Financial, Inc., the firm grew to be one of the largest publicly traded finance companies focused exclusively on commercial real estate, with an enterprise value of more than $16 billion at its peak.
Starwood European Real Estate Finance
Starwood Capital has identified financing market dislocations twice in the last 19 years, and each time created a substantial lending platform–iStar in 1998 and Starwood Property Trust in 2009. Believing that another such dislocation had emerged in the European lending market, the Firm in 2012 created Starwood European Real Estate Finance (LSE: SWEF).
Starwood European Real Estate Finance originates, executes and services commercial real estate loans for institutional-quality investors throughout Europe. The company built a diversified portfolio of debt investments, collateralized by assets that has included the historic Claridge’s, Connaught and Berkeley hotels in London, the Salesforce Tower and Centre Point office buildings in London, the Battersea Place senior assisted living facility in London, a Finnish retail platform, and Dutch and Danish light industrial assets.
Leveraging the comprehensive real estate expertise of its investment manager and a flexible investment strategy, Starwood European Real Estate Finance is well-positioned to address the changing dynamics of the European financing markets. This investment represents an example of Starwood Capital’s longtime focus on businesses with strong potential returns, diversification benefits and significant downside protection.




Privatizations
Société du Louvre
In December 2005, Starwood Capital funds completed the $3.2 billion acquisition of Groupe Taittinger and Société du Louvre (SDL), a family-controlled French conglomerate. At acquisition, SDL’s assets included one of Europe’s largest hotel networks—a unique collection of 15 luxury hotels, the most famous of which was the Hôtel de Crillon in Paris, and more than 800 budget hotels under three brands. SDL also owned several luxury goods businesses, including famed champagne producer Taittinger, iconic crystal maker Baccarat and Annick Goutal perfumes.
The Firm’s  track record with this complex investment includes a number of milestones: a revamp and expansion of the Louvre Hotels budget business that spurred dramatic market share gains, and eventually led to the sale of the business to China’s Jin Jiang International Holdings Co., Ltd.; the sale of the Taitttinger Champagne and Annick Goutal businesses; the sale of a 22% stake in Baccarat and an enhancement of the brand in conjunction with its 250-year anniversary that included the launch in March 2015 of the ultra-luxury Baccarat Hotel & Residences New York; the execution of a sale-leaseback transaction for 32 budget hotels in France at an attractive yield; and the careful disposition of the portfolio’s luxury hotels at compelling prices.
This investment displays many of the hallmarks of Starwood Capital—creativity, agility and tenacity—and enabled the Firm to leverage its expertise in the hospitality industry, as well as its branding and operational savvy, to maximize the value of the portfolio.


Eco-Conscious Investment
Starwood Capital doesn’t just look at a real estate asset as it is today—the Firm sees it as it could be. This idea extends to the Firm’s approach to environmentally responsible investing as well. Instead of accepting the status quo that says conservation is a secondary concern when managing property, Starwood Capital is committed to setting a new standard for the private equity industry.
Nowhere is this commitment more apparent than 1 Hotels. Operated by Starwood Capital affiliate SH Group, this luxury lifestyle brand represents hospitality with a purpose: To celebrate nature while encouraging sophisticated travelers to live well, do better and connect with the world around them. All 1 Hotels are designed to meet the stringent requirements of LEED certification, the ratings program administered by the U.S. Green Building Council that is the standard for measuring building sustainability. Each property in the 1 Hotels portfolio is distinguished by open spaces bathed in natural light, food made with the freshest organic ingredients, and construction and furnishing materials that are reclaimed or repurposed whenever possible. The daily operation of each 1 Hotel is carefully orchestrated to minimize the property’s carbon footprint by leveraging local resources, conserving nonrenewable materials, minimizing plastic and paper consumption, and reducing landfill waste.
1 Hotels launched in March 2015 with the opening of 1 Hotel & Homes South Beach in Miami, Florida. The 1 Hotel portfolio expanded further in August 2015, with the opening of 1 Hotel Central Park in New York City. In 2016, 1 Hotels’ first all-new, from-the-ground-up property will open at an iconic waterfront site in Brooklyn, New York. Starwood Capital’s commitment to sustainable hotel operations extends to a number of other hospitality properties around the world—including Hawaii’s Andaz Maui at Wailea Resort (honored with LEED Silver certification), the Hilton Garden Inn Washington, D.C./Georgetown Area (LEED Silver certification) the Sea Island Resort (with its ambitious turtle nesting program) and Viceroy Anguilla in the Caribbean.
Amid its steady growth into one of the largest shopping mall enterprises in the United States, Starwood Retail Partners has introduced a number of eco-friendly practices across its portfolio—including recycling over 6,000 tons of debris in 2015. Through such efforts, the team has demonstrated that its operational expertise extends beyond re-merchandizing, re-tenanting and “refresh” programs for its assets. It has also proved that it can significantly reduce the environmental impact of the many retail centers on its platform—and, like Starwood Capital, set a new standard for its industry.
Through affiliate Starwood Land Ventures—one of the leading providers of residential sites to the U.S. homebuilding industry—as well as land investments across multiple funds, Starwood Capital has taken a hands-on approach to preserving irreplaceable habitats and minimizing the impact of development on fragile ecosystems. These efforts demonstrate that, even as Starwood Capital develops land, the Firm can help preserve it as well.
As both corporations and individuals place a greater emphasis on the health of the environment in their decisionmaking processes, clean sources of energy have seen a surge in interest. Starwood Capital’s affiliate, Starwood Energy Group, has emerged as a leader in the industry’s push toward greener energy production. Since its founding in 2005, the team has invested in clean energy projects across North America—including wind, solar and other renewable energy facilities—totaling 1,450 megawatts.
Starwood Capital’s eco-conscious approach to investing also includes office and residential properties around the world. Over the past 25 years, a number of assets owned by the Firm and its affiliates have garnered recognition for their environmentally friendly design or operations, including:

The Visionnaire, New York City: Manhattan’s first Platinum LEED-certified condominium project.
Vertigo Office Buildings, Luxembourg: Luxembourg’s first HQE (Haute Qualité Environnementale) certified development.
Quattro Business Park, Krakow, Poland: BREEAM Very Good certification for three of the buildings and BREEAM Excellent certification for the fourth.
One Union Station, Denver, Colorado: LEED Gold certification.
Jefferson MarketPlace, Washington, D.C.: LEED Silver certification.
Jefferson Westshore, Tampa, Florida: National Green Building Standard designation.
Katowice Business Point, Katowice, Poland: BREEAM Very Good certification.
T-Mobile Office Park, Warsaw: Poland’s first building to earn BREEAM Excellent certification.
Lopuszanska Business Park, Warsaw: BREEAM Very Good certification.
Block 300, Portland, Oregon: LEED Gold certification.
Triangle Building, Denver, Colorado: LEED Gold certification.
One Atlantic Center, Atlanta, Georgia: LEED Gold certification.
Beagle House, London: Expected to receive BREEAM Excellent certification upon its completion.

Starwood Capital has shown time and again that environmentally conscious investing can also be profitable investing. Whether employed for hotels, malls, housing, offices, condos or energy infrastructure, the Firm believes that sustainable design and practices often result in more efficient processes that reduce expenses and enhance the value of real estate assets. Such properties also benefit from the growing demand from eco-mindful tenants, buyers and investors. For example, sales prices for condos at 1 Hotel & Homes South Beach have far exceeded brokers’ expectations to date, while a buyer signed a $10.5 million contract for a penthouse unit at the Pierhouse adjacent to 1 Hotel Brooklyn Bridge—a record-setting price for a Brooklyn condo.
As an industry leader, Starwood Capital embraces the opportunity to serve as stewards of the environment. The Firm is just as serious about serving as stewards of investors’ hard-earned capital. Across its portfolio, Starwood Capital has demonstrated that these critical responsibilities can go hand-in-hand.
 












 






Contact - Starwood Capital


















Contact - Starwood Capital











































Starwood Capital Group
591 West Putnam Avenue, Greenwich, CT 06830, United States
Greenwich, CT 


Starwood Asset Management
400 Galleria Parkway, Suite 1450 Atlanta, GA 30339
Atlanta


Starwood Capital Group and SPT Management
100 Pine Street, Suite 3000 San Francisco, CA 94111
San Francisco


Starwood Capital Group
1255 23rd Street NW, Suite 675 Washington, D.C. 20037
Washington, D.C.


Starwood Capital Group and SPT Management
11611 San Vicente Boulevard, Suite 920 Los Angeles, CA 90049
Los Angeles


Starwood Retail Partners
One East Wacker Drive, Suite 2600 Chicago, IL 60601
Chicago


Starwood Capital Europe Advisers, LLP
1 Eagle Place 2nd Floor London, SW1Y 6AF United Kingdom
London


Starwood Capital Group, Starwood Property Trust, LNR Property LLC
1601 Washington Avenue, Suite 800 Miami Beach, FL 33139
Miami


Starwood Capital Asia
Queen's Road Central, 100, Central, Hong Kong
Hong Kong


Starwood Capital Funds – Luxembourg
2-4 Rue Eugène Ruppert, Luxembourg City, Luxembourg
Luxembourg








						Contact					


Acquisitions


Investor Relations


Asset Management


Human Resources


North America


Europe


Asia








Acquisitions

Jeffrey G. Dishner
Senior Managing Director, Global Head of Real Estate Acquisitions
dishnerj@starwood.com

Christopher D. Graham
Senior Managing Director, Head of Real Estate Acquisitions for the Americas
grahamc@starwood.com


Investor Relations

Jerome C. Silvey
Executive Vice President and
Chief Financial Officer
silveyj@starwood.com


Asset Management

Mark Deason
Managing Director, Head of U.S. Asset Management
mdeason@starwood.com


Human Resources

Dawne Cohn
Vice President of Human Resources
dcohn@starwood.com
[Please submit resumes for open positions on the Careers section of this website]


North America

Greenwich, CT
Starwood Capital Group
591 West Putnam Avenue
Greenwich, CT 06830
Phone: 203.422.7700

Atlanta
Starwood Asset Management
400 Galleria Parkway, Suite 1450
Atlanta, GA 30339
Phone: 770.541.9046

Chicago
STARWOOD RETAIL PARTNERS
One East Wacker Drive, Suite 2600
Chicago, IL 60601
Phone: 312.242.3200

Los Angeles
STARWOOD CAPITAL GROUP AND SPT MANAGEMENT
11611 San Vicente Boulevard, Suite 920
Los Angeles, CA 90049
Phone: 310.893.2781

Miami
STARWOOD CAPITAL GROUP, STARWOOD property trust, LNR property LLc
1601 Washington Avenue, Suite 800
Miami Beach, FL 33139
Phone: 305.695.5200

San Francisco
Starwood Capital Group and SPT Management
100 Pine Street, Suite 3000
San Francisco, CA 94111
Phone: 415.247.1220

Washington, D.C.
Starwood Capital Group
1255 23rd Street NW, Suite 675
Washington, D.C. 20037
Phone: 202.507.6710


Europe


London
Starwood Capital Europe Advisers LLP
1 Eagle Place
2nd Floor
London, SW1Y 6AF
United Kingdom
Phone: +44.207.016.3650

Luxembourg
Starwood Capital Funds – Luxembourg
2-4 rue Eugène Ruppert
L-2453 Luxembourg
Phone: + 352.26.64.51.21


Asia
Hong Kong
STARWOOD CAPITAL Asia
100 QRC, 15/F
100 Queen’s Road Central
Hong Kong
Phone: +852.2824.8716











 







Team - Starwood Capital


















Team - Starwood Capital











































Sea Island Resort, Sea Island, GAOwned by Starwood Opportunity Fund VIII and Starwood Hospitality Fund II








Facts At A Glance




Average Years ofIndustry Experiencefor Senior Managers





Assets Purchased byAcquisitions Team





Equity Capital Raised by Investor Relations Team





Average YearsSenior ManagementHas Worked Together





Number of times Starwood Capital and its Executives Have Been Honored by PERE as Firm or Industry Figure of the Year









Pacific Shores Center, Redwood City, CAOwned by Starwood Opportunity Fund VII





The Grand Central, Glasgow, ScotlandOwned by Starwood Distressed Opportunity Fund IX and U.K. Co-Invest




Metreon, San FranciscoOwned by Starwood Opportunity Fund VIII and StarWest Retail Co-Invest, managed by Starwood Retail Partners





Stella Tower, New YorkOwned by Starwood Distressed Opportunity Fund IX












						Team					


Investment Committee


Other Senior Executives


Affiliates and OperatingCompanies


SH Group


Starwood Energy Group


Starwood Land Ventures


Starwood Oil & Gas


Starwood Property Trust


Starwood Retail Partners












Starwood Capital is led by seasoned professionals who have successfully navigated all stages of the real estate investment cycle. The Firm’s senior executives have worked together for an average of 16 years, and possess an average of 26 years of experience in the industry. We believe that our team collectively represents exceptional real estate talent.




Investment Committee

Barry S. Sternlicht
Chairman & CEO
Starwood Capital Group
Barry Sternlicht is Chairman & Chief Executive Officer of Starwood Capital Group, the private investment firm he formed in 1991 that is focused on global real estate, hotel management, oil and gas, and energy infrastructure. Mr. Sternlicht also serves as Chairman of Starwood Property Trust (NYSE: STWD), the largest commercial mortgage REIT in the U.S.; and French crystal maker Baccarat S.A.; as well as Co-Chairman of Colony Starwood Homes (NYSE: SFR), one of the largest publicly traded investors, owners and operators of single-family homes in the U.S.
For the past 26 years, Mr. Sternlicht has structured investments with an asset value of approximately $84 billion. Starwood Capital’s funds have invested in approximately 146,000 multifamily/condo units, 2,900 hotels, 67 million square feet of office properties, 53 million square feet of retail and 52,000 lots of land in residential subdivisions. The Firm currently manages approximately $52 billion of assets on behalf of its high net worth and institutional partners. Starwood Capital, its affiliates and externally managed public companies employ more than 2,000 professionals, while approximately 15,000 additional employees are involved with a dozen portfolio operating companies. The Firm maintains offices in Atlanta, Chicago, Greenwich, Los Angeles, Miami, San Francisco, and Washington, D.C., and affiliated offices in London, Luxembourg and Hong Kong.
From 1995 through early 2005, Mr. Sternlicht was Chairman and CEO of Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide (NYSE: HOT), a company he founded in 1995. During his tenure, he built Starwood Hotels into one of the leading hotel and leisure companies in the world, employing more than 120,000 people with 895 properties in 100 countries. Mr. Sternlicht created W Hotels, perhaps the world’s most successful “boutique” brand, and built the St. Regis Hotels brand from a single hotel to a global brand.
In 2008, Mr. Sternlicht founded SH Group, his new hotel management company. SH Group is the owner and manager of Baccarat Hotels & Resorts and 1 Hotels brands.
In 2016, Mr. Sternlicht was the recipient of PERE’s inaugural Lifetime Achievement Award. In 2015, he was named the Global Industry Figure of the Year by PERE, received the Cornell Icon of the Industry Award and the Lifetime Achievement Award from the International Hotel Investment Forum. In 2013, Mr. Sternlicht was named the Most Important Person in Commercial Real Estate Finance by The Mortgage Observer. In 2010, Mr. Sternlicht was named Executive of the Year and Investor of the Year by Commercial Property Executive. Mr. Sternlicht was also named America’s Best Lodging CEO by Institutional Investor Magazine. He is a member of the Interior Design Magazine Hall of Fame. He has received the Preston Robert Tisch Distinguished Industry Leadership Award from New York University, the CEO Diversity Award from Diversity Best Practices/Business Women’s Network, the Lifetime Achievement Award from the Association of Travel Marketing Executives, the Hospitality Heritage Award from the American Hotel and Lodging Association, and the Marketer of the Year Award from Brandweek. Mr. Sternlicht’s humanitarian efforts have garnered prestigious national honors such as JDRF’s Man of the Year, JDRF’s Living and Giving Award and JDRF’s Chairman’s Award.
Mr. Sternlicht serves on the Board of Directors of The Estée Lauder Companies and the Real Estate Roundtable. Additionally, he formally served as Chairman of the Board and is currently a Board member of The Robin Hood Foundation, and also serves on the Boards of the Dreamland Film & Performing Arts Center, and the Executive Advisory Board of Americans for the Arts. He is a member of the U.S. Olympic and Paralympic Foundation Trustee Council, the World Presidents Organization and the Urban Land Institute.
Barry Sternlicht received his BA, magna cum laude, with honors from Brown University. He later earned an MBA with distinction from Harvard Business School.

Madison F. Grose
Senior Managing Director and Co-General Counsel
Starwood Capital Group
Madison Grose is a Senior Managing Director and Co-General Counsel of Starwood Capital Group. Mr. Grose is also a member of the Firm’s Executive Committee. In addition, he serves as Vice Chairman, General Counsel and a Senior Managing Director of Starwood Energy Group, an affiliate of Starwood Capital Group that specializes in energy infrastructure investments, where he is currently focusing most of his time. Mr. Grose served as a Trustee or Director of Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide (NYSE: HOT) from 1994 until 2001, and as a Director of iStar Financial (NYSE: STAR), from 1999 until 2003.
Prior to joining Starwood Capital in 1992, Mr. Grose was a Senior and Founding Partner with Pircher, Nichols & Meeks, a law firm specializing in complex real estate-related transactions.
Mr. Grose holds a B.A. degree with distinction and highest departmental honors from Stanford University, and a J.D. from UCLA School of Law, where he served as the Chief Comment Editor of the UCLA Law Review.

Jerome C. Silvey
Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer
Starwood Capital Group
Jerome Silvey is Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer at Starwood Capital Group. In this role, Mr. Silvey oversees all of the Firm’s investor relations, debt financing, equity fundraising, treasury operations, investor reporting, and tax planning and compliance. He is also a member of the Firm’s Executive, Investment and Disposition Committees. Mr. Silvey joined Starwood Capital in 1993 after 13 years with Price Waterhouse.
Mr. Silvey received a B.A. degree in mathematical economics from Colgate University in Hamilton, NY, and an MBA from Rutgers Graduate School of Management. He is a member of the Board of Directors of REIS, as well as a member of the Institutional Real Estate Investors Editorial Board, the NCREIF/PREA Reporting Standards Board, the P&I Research Advisory Panel and the Association of Foreign Investors in Real Estate.

Ellis F. Rinaldi
Executive Vice President and Co-General Counsel
Starwood Capital Group
Ellis Rinaldi is an Executive Vice President and Co-General Counsel at Starwood Capital Group. Mr. Rinaldi has represented Starwood Capital’s legal interests since 1991, and is actively involved in all the legal aspects of the Firm’s business, including acquisitions, financing, asset management and strategic planning. Mr. Rinaldi became an officer of Starwood Capital and a member of the Firm’s Executive Committee in 1999.
Mr. Rinaldi was an associate at the law firm of Winthrop, Stimson, Putnam & Roberts and then Pircher, Nichols & Meeks, prior to forming Rinaldi, Finkelstein & Franklin, L.L.C., Starwood Capital’s lead outside counsel. Mr. Rinaldi is the managing member of RFF and is on the Board of Directors of Baccarat, S.A.
Mr. Rinaldi received his J.D. from George Washington University, where he was a member of the GW Law Review, and his BBA degree, summa cum laude, in accounting from the University of Massachusetts at Amherst, Honors Program.

Jeffrey G. Dishner
Senior Managing Director and Global Head of Real Estate Acquisitions
Starwood Capital Group
Jeffrey G. Dishner is a Senior Managing Director at Starwood Capital Group, where he is responsible for overseeing the Firm’s acquisition efforts on a worldwide basis. In this role, Mr. Dishner assists the team in originating, structuring, underwriting and closing investments in all property types. He has also helped drive Starwood Capital’s ongoing expansion of operations in Europe, as compelling investment opportunities in the region continue to increase. Reflecting the success of this effort, Starwood Capital in 2013 was named European Firm of the Year by leading industry publication PERE. Mr. Dishner is a member of the Firm’s Executive and Investment Committees, and also serves on the Investment Committee and board of trustees of Starwood Property Trust (NYSE: STWD), an affiliate of Starwood Capital that is the largest commercial mortgage REIT in the U.S.
Prior to joining Starwood Capital in 1994, Mr. Dishner worked in the commercial mortgage finance group at J.P. Morgan & Co., where he focused on whole-loan dispositions and securitizations for various thrift institutions. Before that, Mr. Dishner was a member of the acquisitions group at JMB Realty.
Mr. Dishner received a B.S. degree in economics from the Wharton School of Finance at the University of Pennsylvania and an MBA from Dartmouth College’s Amos Tuck School, where he serves on the Advisory Board.

Laura M. Rubin
 Managing Director and Head of Portfolio Management
 Starwood Capital Group
Laura Rubin is a Managing Director and Head of Portfolio Management at Starwood Capital Group, with responsibility for asset management reporting, operations and special projects at the Firm. She is a member of the Firm’s Investment Committee.
Prior to joining Starwood Capital in 2002, Ms. Rubin was a Vice President in Goldman Sachs & Co.’s real estate investment banking division, where she worked on both principal and brokerage transactions. She also worked at JMB Realty and Urban Development Corp. in Chicago in the mid-1980s.
Ms. Rubin holds a B.S. degree, summa cum laude, in economics from the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania and an MBA from the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University.

Christopher D. Graham
Senior Managing Director and Head of Real Estate Acquisitions for the Americas
Starwood Capital Group
Christopher Graham is a Senior Managing Director at Starwood Capital Group, where he supervises the Firm’s investments in the Americas. In this role, Mr. Graham is responsible for originating, structuring, underwriting and closing investments in all property types. He is also a member of the Firm’s Investment Committee.
Prior to joining Starwood Capital in 2002, Mr. Graham worked at CB Richard Ellis in Washington, D.C., where he was Director of the financial consulting group for the Eastern Region of the U.S. Mr. Graham was previously Associate Director, Eastern Region, of CB Richard Ellis’ investment properties group.
Mr. Graham received a BBA degree in finance from James Madison University and an MBA from Harvard Business School.

Mark Deason
Managing Director and Head of U.S. Asset Management
Starwood Capital Group
Mark Deason is a Managing Director and Head of U.S. Asset Management at Starwood Capital Group. In this role, Mr. Deason is responsible for overseeing the asset management of all non-hotel assets, as well as the Firm’s development function in the U.S. While at Starwood Capital, Mr. Deason has participated in investments throughout the capital structure, including commercial, hospitality and residential acquisitions and developments.
Prior to joining Starwood Capital in 2003, Mr. Deason worked for Merrill Lynch in the firm’s real estate investment banking group, assisting West Coast real estate, hospitality and gaming companies with a range of capital origination and M&A activities.
Mr. Deason received a B.A. degree in business economics with a minor in accounting from the University of California, Los Angeles. He is a policy board member at the Fisher Center for Real Estate and Urban Economics, and is a member of the Milken Institute and the Urban Land Institute.

Daniel Yih
Managing Director and Chief Investment Officer – Europe
Starwood Capital Group
Starwood Capital Funds Luxembourg
Daniel Yih is Managing Director and Chief Investment Officer – Europe for Starwood Capital Group and Starwood Capital Funds Luxembourg. In this role, Mr. Yih is responsible for reviewing all acquisition and disposition decisions relating to European investments in Starwood Capital’s funds. He is a member of the Firm’s Investment Committee.
Previously, Mr. Yih was Chief Operating Officer and Chief Administrative Officer of Starwood Capital, as well as the interim CEO of BR Guests Restaurants, a portfolio company of Starwood Capital. Prior to joining Starwood Capital in 2007, Mr. Yih was Chief Operating Officer and a Portfolio Principal of the buyout fund GTCR Golder Rauner. Before that, Mr. Yih was a partner at Zell Chilmark, a buyout fund investing in financially distressed companies. Mr. Yih had other operating experience as Chief Financial Officer at Welbilt Corp., a portfolio company of Kohlberg & Co., where he had been an Associate. Mr. Yih began his career at Kirkland & Ellis, representing equity investors in leveraged buyout transactions and venture capital investments.
Mr. Yih earned a J.D. and MBA from the University of Chicago. He graduated with a B.S. degree in mechanical engineering with distinction from Stanford University. He has served on the NYSE-listed Boards of Directors of Ann Inc. and Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide.

Austin Nowlin
Managing Director and Head of Capital Markets for the Americas
Starwood Capital Group
Austin Nowlin is a Managing Director and Head of Capital Markets for the Americas at Starwood Capital Group. In this role, he is responsible for all debt capital market activities for the Firm’s investments in the Americas, including, the origination, structuring, and execution of asset-level and fund/corporate-level financing activity. Since joining the Firm in 2011, Mr. Nowlin has completed financings across all asset and product types, including revolving credit facilities, domestic and foreign balance sheet loans, construction financing, fixed and floating rate commercial mortgage-backed securities, preferred and mezzanine financing. He is a member of the Investment Committees at Starwood Capital and Starwood Property Trust.
Prior to joining Starwood Capital, Mr. Nowlin worked at Wells Fargo and its predecessor, Wachovia Securities, in leveraged finance. He began his career at Raymond James, where he focused on making equity investments in multifamily assets.
Mr. Nowlin received a B.A. degree in economics from Florida State University.

Carl Tash
Managing Director 
Starwood Capital Group
Carl Tash is a Managing Director at Starwood Capital Group. In this role, he is a member of the Investment Committees for both Starwood Capital and Starwood Property Trust (NYSE: STWD), an affiliate of Starwood Capital that is the largest commercial mortgage REIT in the United States. Mr. Tash also serves as Chief Strategist and Interim Chief Operating Officer at Starwood Retail Partners, a Starwood Capital affiliate that is one of the largest mall operators in the United States. In this role, he works with senior management to review the strategic direction of the retail portfolio, as well as monitors and supervises the acquisition and asset manage­ment of mall and lifestyle center investments.
Mr. Tash has held several senior positions at Starwood Capital and its affiliates, including Chief Credit Officer and Chief Investment Officer of Starwood Capital, chief credit officer of Starwood Property Trust, and Managing Director of a num­ber of Luxembourg and other non-U.S. entities of Starwood Capital funds. Prior to joining Starwood Capital in 2011, he founded Cliffwood Partners LLC, a real estate securities investment firm, and served as CEO and Chief Investment Officer for 15 years. Before that, Mr. Tash spent 12 years with JMB and its affiliates. At the time of his departure in 1991, he was President of JMB’s investment subsidiary, JMB Institutional Realty Corp., and had a strategic, senior role with JMB’s retail development subsidiary. While at JMB, Mr. Tash was also responsible for the acquisition and structuring of more than $5 billion in corporate real estate transactions.
Mr. Tash received a B.S. degree in economics from The Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania and an MBA from Harvard Business School. He currently serves on the Executive Committee of the Wharton Real Estate Center, and is an active member of the International Council of Shopping Centers and the Urban Land Institute.

Tom Bowers
Managing Director and Chief Operating Officer
Starwood Capital Group
Tom Bowers is a Managing Director and Chief Operating Officer of Starwood Capital Group. In this role, Mr. Bowers is responsible for driving Starwood Capital’s priority strategic initiatives and enhancing the operational effectiveness of the Firm’s public and private operating companies and entities. He also serves on the Firm’s Executive and Investment Committees.
Mr. Bowers is a member of the Board of Directors of Starwood Capital portfolio company Opus Bank (NASDAQ: OPB), a leading regional real estate lender, and is a Trustee of Colony Starwood Homes (NYSE: SFR), a Starwood Capital affiliate that is one of the largest publicly traded investors, owners and operators of single-family homes in the U.S.
Mr. Bowers previously served as Head of Corporate Strategy and Development at Starwood Capital. Prior to joining Starwood Capital in 2015, he was Co-Head of Asset and Wealth Management-Americas at Deutsche Bank, where he was responsible for managing the U.S. and Latin American wealth management businesses, and had joint responsibility for the integration of Deutsche Bank’s wealth and institutional asset management businesses in the Americas. In this role, Mr. Bowers was a board member of Deutsche Bank Securities. Mr. Bowers previously held a number of senior roles at Citigroup Private Bank, including Global Chief Operating Officer; Head of Strategy and Corporate Development; COO-Europe, Middle East and Africa; COO-U.S.; and Head of Banking and Structured Lending.
Mr. Bowers holds a B.S. degree in business administration from the Boston University School of Management, and a J.D. and LL.M (taxation) from Boston University School of Law.




Other Senior Executives
Acquisitions

Ethan Bing
Senior Vice President, Acquisitions
Starwood Capital Group
Ethan Bing is a Senior Vice President in the Acquisitions Group at Starwood Capital Group. In this role, Mr. Bing focuses on investments in the United States across multiple sectors, including multifamily, office, retail and student housing. He has been responsible for direct real estate asset investments, corporate acquisitions and purchases of distressed loan pools.
Prior to joining Starwood Capital in 2010, Mr. Bing was a Vice President at Embarcadero Capital Partners and an Associate in the real estate group at Stanford Management Company.
Mr. Bing received a B.A. in economics from Princeton University and an MBA from the Stanford University Graduate School of Business.

Cody Bradshaw
Managing Director, Acquisitions and Asset Management
Starwood Capital Group
Cody Bradshaw is a Managing Director and Head of European Hotels at Starwood Capital Group. In this role, he oversees the Firm’s hospitality acquisition and asset management activities across Europe. His portfolio responsibilities have included numerous North American and European lodging investments, including the Firm’s ownership of Louvre Hotels, the second-largest hotel chain in Europe. He has played a leading role in managing and growing The Principal Hotel Company portfolio that comprises over 40 properties and 6,500 keys across the United Kingdom—highlighted by the brand launch and opening in 2016 of The Principal Manchester, Edinburgh and York.
Prior to joining Starwood Capital in 2011, Mr. Bradshaw served as VP of Acquisitions at Pebblebrook Hotel Trust (NYSE: PEB). Before that, he was the first employee of the Chartres Lodging Group, where he played an integral role in growing the firm over a seven-year period. Mr. Bradshaw began his career at Hyatt Development Corp.
Mr. Bradshaw received a B.S. degree from Cornell University. He co-created the Certified Hotel Asset Manager professional designation program, which launched in 2012, and is the Co-Founder and President of the Hospitality Asset Managers Association of Europe. He is also a member of the International Hotel Investment Council.

Brendan Brogan
Managing Director, Acquisitions
 Starwood Capital Group
Brendan Brogan is a Managing Director at Starwood Capital Group, where he focuses on real estate acquisitions in the Eastern United States, with a concentration in Florida. In this role, Mr. Brogan has been integral in implementing Starwood Capital’s investment strategy in non-performing commercial and residential loans, and currently leads the Firm’s residential debt strategy. He has also spearheaded the Firm’s initiative in the single-family residential space, including acquiring the portfolio of homes and loans that was combined to create Starwood Waypoint Residential Trust (NYSE: SWAY), an affiliate of Starwood Capital that is one of the largest publicly traded investors, owners and operators of single-family homes in the U.S.
Prior to joining Starwood Capital in 2008, Mr. Brogan was a Managing Director in the fixed income division at Bear Stearns, where he worked in the mortgage and derivatives trading area.
Mr. Brogan received a B.A. degree with honors from Harvard College.

Kevin Colket
Managing Director, Acquisitions
Starwood Capital Group
Kevin Colket is a Managing Director and Head of Asian Acquisitions at Starwood Capital Group. In this role, Mr. Colket oversees the Firm’s efforts to expand its presence in the region, with a focus on investments across all real estate asset classes. He previously led Starwood Capital’s hospitality acquisition efforts in Europe.
Prior to joining Starwood Capital in 2007, Mr. Colket worked as Director of Acquisitions and Development for Edinburgh Management, a hotel joint venture with the Bank of Scotland. Before that, Mr. Colket held various finance and investment banking positions at Goldman, Sachs & Co., Bank of Boston (now Bank of America) and Paine Webber (now UBS).
Mr. Colket earned a B.A. degree in economics from Trinity College and an MBA from the Harvard Business School.

Akshay Goyal
Senior Vice President, Hotel Acquisitions
Starwood Capital Group
Akshay Goyal is a Senior Vice President in the Hotel Acquisitions Group at Starwood Capital Group. In this role, he is responsible for sourcing, structuring, underwriting and executing investments in the lodging sector.
Since joining Starwood Capital in 2012, Mr. Goyal has been directly involved in the purchase or equity recapitalization of approximately $7.2 billion of hotel assets globally on behalf of the Firm—including leading the deal team in executing the recapitalization of a $3.3 billion select-service hotel portfolio. He previously served in the real estate investment banking group at Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Mr. Goyal received a B.S. degree in finance and accounting from the University of Maryland, College Park.

Mark B. Keatley
Managing Director, Acquisitions
 Starwood Capital Group
Mark Keatley is a Managing Director in the Acquisitions Group at Starwood Capital Group. In this role, Mr. Keatley is responsible for the origination, underwriting, structuring and execution of investments in a variety of property types, with a geographic focus on the eastern United States. He has been involved in both equity and debt investments involving apartments, office, retail, condos, industrial, hotels and land asset classes.
Prior to joining Starwood Capital in 2005, Mr. Keatley worked in the acquisitions and development group at Tishman Speyer Properties. Before that, he worked as an Associate on the institutional investment sales team at CB Richard Ellis, following his role as an Analyst in the firm’s financial consulting group.
Mr. Keatley received a BBA degree in finance from James Madison University.

Zsolt Kohalmi
Managing Director and Head of European Acquisitions
 Starwood Capital Group
Zsolt Kohalmi is a Managing Director and Head of European Acquisitions at Starwood Capital Group. Mr. Kohalmi brings two decades of pan-European investment experience to this role, in which he oversees the Firm’s efforts to expand its presence on the Continent. He has been instrumental in sourcing and executing a number of successful investments for Starwood Capital’s commercial, hospitality and debt platforms.
Prior to joining Starwood Capital in 2013, Mr. Kohalmi served as Chief Investment Officer at Meyer Bergman, a European retail-focused real estate investment firm that he co-founded. Before that he was a Director at GE Capital, where he acquired financial platforms (banks and mortgage companies), as well as both performing and non-performing asset and loan portfolios across Europe. Mr. Kohalmi previously worked in investment banking with ABN AMRO Hoare Govett.
Mr. Kohalmi, who is fluent in nine languages, holds an M.S. degree in economics from the University of Budapest and an MBA from INSEAD.

Suril Shah
Managing Director, Acquisitions and Asset Management
 Starwood Capital Group
Suril Shah is a Managing Director and Head of U.S. Hotels at Starwood Capital Group. In this role, Mr. Shah oversees the Firm’s hospitality acquisition and asset management activities across the United States. Since June 2011, he has led Starwood Capital’s U.S. Hotel Acquisitions team. Since October 2014, he has also led the Firm’s Select-Service Hotel Asset Management team.
Mr. Shah also serves as President of SH Group, Starwood Capital Group’s hotel brand management company that oversees the development and management of the Firm’s two luxury and lifestyle hotel and residence brands, 1 Hotels and Baccarat Hotels & Resorts. In this role, he oversees the operations of SH Group-managed hotels, including development, sales, finance & accounting and human resources.
After joining Starwood Capital in 2005, Mr. Shah spent three years in Paris as a member of the management team of Groupe du Louvre, which owns, manages and franchises more than 1,000 hotels throughout Europe, in addition to over a dozen luxury hotels. Mr. Shah was previously with Gleacher Partners, where he focused on mergers and acquisitions across all industries.
Mr. Shah received a B.S. degree in management science & engineering from Stanford University. He currently serves on the Boards of Directors of Hersha Hospitality Management and InTown Suites.

Steven Ujvary
Senior Vice President, Acquisitions 
Starwood Capital Group
Steven Ujvary is a Senior Vice President in the Acquisitions Group at Starwood Capital Group. In this role, Mr. Ujvary is responsible for residential mortgage debt strategies, with a focus on non-agency whole loans.
Prior to joining Starwood Capital in 2016, Mr. Ujvary was a Managing Director at Macquarie Group, where he was responsible for mortgage and structured credit investments. Before that, he served in a variety of roles in the New York and Sydney offices of Bank of America Merrill Lynch, where he began his career as an Analyst.
Mr. Ujvary received a B.A. degree in economics and government from Georgetown University.

Asset Management


Robert P. Geimer
 Senior Vice President, Asset Management
 Starwood Capital Group
Robert Geimer is a Senior Vice President at Starwood Asset Management. In this position, Mr. Geimer’s principal responsibilities include playing a senior role on the asset management team for a diverse portfolio of national and international real estate assets. He manages the development and execution of investment and exit strategies, manages resources related to day-to-day decision-making, and plays an integral role in the review and approval of annual business plans with partners and third-party fee managers.
Prior to joining Starwood Capital in 1998, Mr. Geimer was an Asset Manager and Portfolio Controller with Greystone Realty, New York Life Insurance Co.’s real estate management group. Before that, he worked for Compass Retail, a former division of Equitable Real Estate.
Mr. Geimer received a B.S. degree from the West Virginia University School of Business and is a Georgia State CPA.

Ruby Huang
 Senior Vice President, Asset Management
 Starwood Capital Group
Ruby Huang is Senior Vice President of Asset Management at Starwood Capital Group. In this role, she is focused on enhancing the asset value of the Firm’s select-service hotel platform by proactively managing operations and real estate to maximize net cash flow, and executing property improvement plans.
Prior to joining Starwood Capital in 2012, Ms. Huang was Vice President of Asset Management for Och Ziff Real Estate, where she managed the firm’s full-service and select-service hotel portfolio. Before that, Ms. Huang was Vice President of Asset Management for HEI Hotels & Resorts, where she was responsible for the operational oversight of more than 30 full-service hotels. She previously held roles in hospitality investment and asset management with Tishman Hotel & Realty.
Ms. Huang received a B.S. degree in hotel management from Cornell University. She currently serves on the strategic planning committee of the Hospitality Asset Managers Association and has previously served as the organization’s President. She is also a member of the IHG Owners Association, where she participates on various committees supporting the Holiday Inn brand. Ms. Huang serves on the Board of Directors of InTown Suites and is a Certified Hotel Asset Manager.

James Kane
 Senior Vice President, Asset Management
 Starwood Capital Group
James Kane is a Senior Vice President at Starwood Capital Group, where he manages all of the Firm’s multifamily investments. His current asset management duties include overseeing and driving strategy on a diverse portfolio of over 80,000 multifamily units across 15 states. Since 2010, Mr. Kane has disposed of more than $1B billion in multifamily assets.
Prior to joining Starwood Capital in 2004, Mr. Kane worked in the Corporate Advisory Group at Jones Lang LaSalle, where he provided long-term occupancy solutions for Fortune 500 companies.
Mr. Kane received a BBA degree in finance from the University of Georgia and an MBA from the Kenan Flagler Business School at the University of North Carolina. He is a member of the National Multi Housing Council and the Urban Land Institute.

Ash Kapur
Senior Vice President and Chief Revenue Officer of Hospitality
Starwood Capital Group
Ash Kapur is a Senior Vice President and Chief Revenue Officer of Hospitality in the Hotel Asset Management Group at Starwood Capital Group.  In this role, Mr. Kapur is responsible for increasing room revenues for Starwood Capital’s hotel assets in the United States and Europe, with a focus on hotel revenue management, sales, marketing, technology and e-commerce.
Prior to joining Starwood Capital in 2011, Mr. Kapur served as Senior Director of Global Strategic Accounts & Gaming at Expedia. Before that, he served as the Revenue Management & Internet Marketing Manager for hotel assets owned by the Chartres Lodging Group.
Mr. Kapur graduated from the Institute of Hotel Management, Aurangabad in India.  He also received a B.A. degree in economics from Annamalai University in India and a master’s in marketing from Bristol Business School in the United Kingdom.

Dan Schwaegler
 Senior Vice President, Asset Management
 Starwood Capital Group
Dan Schwaegler is a Senior Vice President in the Asset Management Group at Starwood Capital Group. In this role, Mr. Schwaegler manages the Firm’s five-person San Francisco Asset Management team. He is responsible for Starwood Capital’s land portfolio and residential housing across funds, and manages a portfolio of assets valued at more than $1 billion.
Prior to joining Starwood Capital in 2003, Mr. Schwaegler worked in the development area at Avalon Bay. Before that, he served as the South American Regional Manager in the mining practice for global engineering consultancy Montgomery Watson.
Mr. Schwaegler holds an MBA from the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania, an M.S. in civil engineering from the University of Washington, and a B.S. in civil engineering and a B.A., both from the University of Notre Dame.

Adam Shah
Managing Director and Chief Operating Officer, Europe
 Starwood Capital Group
Adam Shah is a Managing Director and COO, Europe, at Starwood Capital Group. In this role, Mr. Shah oversees the asset management function for the Firm’s European portfolio of non-hotel assets. Previously, Mr. Shah was responsible for the acquisition of single assets (office, retail and industrial), non-performing loan portfolios, portfolios of secondary assets and development projects in Europe. During his time in London, Mr. Shah has formed several joint ventures and platforms to acquire assets in Europe that involved teaming up with operating partners and government-run banking entities.
Prior to relocating from the Firm’s Greenwich, Connecticut headquarters to London in 2012, Mr. Shah played a lead role in several distressed debt and non-performing loan portfolio acquisitions in the United States, as well as provided ongoing management of the assets. In addition, Mr. Shah was active in the acquisition of direct assets and the creation of joint ventures to invest in residential land, multifamily properties and multifamily development. Before joining Starwood Capital in 2006, he worked for six years in engineering, construction and real estate development in both Canada and the United States.
Mr. Shah obtained an M.S. degree in engineering from Queen’s University in Kingston, Canada, and an MBA from the Amos Tuck School of Business at Dartmouth College.

Capital Markets

Nate Bagnaschi
Senior Vice President, Capital Markets
Starwood Capital Group
Nate Bagnaschi is a Senior Vice President in the Capital Markets Group at Starwood Capital Group. In this role, Mr. Bagnaschi is responsible for the origination, structuring and execution of asset-level and fund/corporate-level financing activity for the Firm’s investments in the Americas.
Prior to joining Starwood Capital in 2016, Mr. Bagnaschi served as head of the capital markets group at Garrison Investment Group, where he was responsible for structuring real estate, distressed debt and fund-level financings. Before that, he was an Associate in the asset management and special servicing group at Gramercy Capital, where was responsible for managing a portfolio of whole loans, secured B-notes and mezzanine loan positions within the firm’s finance business. Mr. Bagnaschi previously worked in the real estate finance and securitization group at Credit Suisse.
Mr. Bagnaschi received a B.A. degree in international relations, with minors in economics and Hispanic studies, from the University of Pennsylvania.

Duncan MacPherson
Managing Director and Head of Debt for Europe
Starwood Capital Group
Duncan MacPherson is a Managing Director and Head of Debt for Europe for Starwood Capital Group. In this role, Mr. MacPherson is responsible for all debt capital markets activities for Starwood Capital in Europe, including financing, foreign exchange and interest rate hedging for the Firm’s European investments. He is also responsible for originating, executing and managing debt investments for Starwood Property Trust and Starwood European Real Estate Finance.
Prior to joining Starwood Capital in 2012, Mr. MacPherson spent six years at Citigroup, where he served as a Director on the commercial real estate finance team in London. Before that, he held a number of roles at Barclays Capital, including trading bond options on the exotic interest rate derivatives desk, and developing real-timing pricing and risk systems for the firm’s electronic trading platform.
Mr. MacPherson received a B.S. degree in physics from the University of Edinburgh and an M.S. in information technology systems from the University of Strathclyde.

Compliance

Matthew S. Guttin
 Chief Compliance Officer
 Starwood Capital Group
Matthew Guttin is the Chief Compliance Officer at Starwood Capital Group, where he is responsible for overseeing the Firm’s regulatory and compliance program.
Before joining Starwood Capital in 2010, Mr. Guttin practiced corporate finance and real estate law at Cahill Gordon & Reindel, LLP, Fried, Frank, Harris Shriver & Jacobson, LLP and DiSanto LLP. Mr. Guttin is an employee of Rinaldi, Finkelstein & Franklin, L.L.C., Starwood Capital’s lead outside counsel.
Mr. Guttin earned his B.S. degree from the University of Rochester and his J.D. from Georgetown University Law Center. He is licensed to practice law in New York and Connecticut, and holds the Series 7 and Series 24 licenses.

Design

Kemper Hyers
 Senior Vice President and Head of Design
 Starwood Capital Group
Kemper Hyers is Senior Vice President of Design at Starwood Capital Group. In this role, he is responsible for design direction and the execution of renovation projects for Starwood Capital assets, and is involved in the implementation of new brands launched by the Firm. He has contributed to the development of the luxury hotel and lifestyle brands 1 Hotels and Baccarat Hotels & Resorts, both of which were launched in 2015, as well as the Postcard Inn, ST Residential portfolio and numerous restaurants and hotels around the world.
Prior to joining Starwood Capital in 2007, Mr. Hyers served as Vice President of Design for the Le Méridien and Sheraton brands at Starwood Hotels, with responsibility for all aspects of design for these brands. Before that, he served as Style Director for Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia. He previously managed design for all direct marketing channels at Crate and Barrel, and ran his own interior design firm, Edward Kemper Design.
Mr. Hyers received a B.A. degree in architecture and architectural history, with honors, from Columbia University.

Global Capital Raising and Investor Relations

James K. Broder
 Director, Global Capital Raising and Investor Relations
 Starwood Capital Group
James Broder is a Director in Starwood Capital Group’s Global Capital Raising and Investor Relations Group, where he is responsible for targeted regions and investors.
Prior to joining Starwood Capital in 2012, Mr. Broder spent 15 years as a Senior Managing Director in Fixed Income at Bear Stearns, with a focus on institutional rate sales. After Bear Stearns’ takeover in 2008, he moved to Deutsche Bank, where he served as a Managing Director in Fixed Income, in middle market sales. He subsequently served as a Managing Director at Pierpont Securities.
Mr. Broder holds a B.A. degree from George Washington University’s International Business School.

Michael Lefton
Managing Director, Global Capital Raising 
Starwood Capital Group
Michael Lefton is a Managing Director in Starwood Capital Group’s Global Capital Raising and Investor Relations Group, where he is responsible for targeted regions and investors. Mr. Lefton previously served in a variety of roles at Starwood Capital from 2004–15, most recently as a Director in Global Capital Raising and Investor Relations. Prior to 2013, he was a Vice President on the Firm’s Acquisitions team, where he executed both equity and debt acquisitions through various investment vehicles, across asset classes and geographic regions.
Prior to rejoining Starwood Capital in 2017, Mr. Lefton was a Managing Director on the investment team at Cadre, a real estate technology platform, and also served on the company’s investment committee.
Mr. Lefton holds a B.S. in economics from the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania.

John McCarthy
Managing Director, Global Capital Raising 
 Starwood Capital Group
John McCarthy is a Managing Director, Global Capital Raising, in Starwood Capital Group’s Global Capital Raising and Investor Relations Group. In this role, Mr. McCarthy is responsible for managing and expanding relationships with targeted investors around the world for existing and future Starwood Capital investment initiatives. Mr. McCarthy previously served as Starwood Capital’s Global Head of Asset Management from 2009–2012, during which time he was also a member of the Firm’s Investment Committee.
Prior to rejoining Starwood Capital in 2015, Mr. McCarthy was a Senior Portfolio Manager and Deputy Head of Europe for the Abu Dhabi Investment Authority (ADIA). In this role, he was responsible for European real estate investing and asset management teams, and served as a member of the organization’s Executive and Global Strategy committees. Before his initial tenure with Starwood Capital, Mr. McCarthy was Global Co-Head of Asset Management for Lehman Brothers Real Estate Private Equity, based in London. Prior to joining Lehman, Mr. McCarthy was a Partner at O’Connor Capital Partners, Co-Head of O’Connor’s European business and Head of European Asset Management. Mr. McCarthy previously worked for 17 years at GE Capital, where he held a variety of positions—including managing the firm’s real estate investing activities across Central Europe and serving as CIO for the Midwest Region in the U.S.
Mr. McCarthy received a B.S. degree in finance from the University of Connecticut, and an MBA with a concentration in accounting from Fordham University.

Lanhee C. Yung
 Managing Director, Global Capital Raising and Investor Relations
 Starwood Capital Group
Lanhee Yung is the Managing Director of Global Fundraising in Starwood Capital Group’s Global Capital Raising and Investor Relations Group. In this role, she is responsible for raising capital globally on behalf of the Firm’s private investment funds and co-investments, including real estate, energy infrastructure and hedge funds.
Prior to joining Starwood Capital in 2010, Ms. Yung was Head of Investor Relations & Fundraising for the CIM Group, where she raised private equity real estate and infrastructure funds. Before that, Ms. Yung was an Associate Director, Real Estate Private Equity Fundraising at UBS, sourcing equity from U.S. and European investors. She was previously with GLA Hotels, where she focused on business development and strategy. She started her career at Merrill Lynch as an Analyst and Associate in the firm’s investment bank.
Ms. Yung graduated from the Cornell University School of Hotel Administration and earned her MBA from ESSEC/Cornell University. She currently serves on the Executive Board of the Association of Foreign Investors in Real Estate (AFIRE), as Director of Programs and was Founder of Young AFIRE, the Cornell University Hotel Society Board, the Advisory Board of the Cornell University Center for Real Estate Finance, the Luminaires, the Pension Real Estates Association (PREA) Reporting and Valuation Committee, the PREA Young Leaders Steering Committee and the Board of Women in Real Estate.

Operations

James Allen
Managing Director and Fund Chief Financial Officer
 Starwood Capital Group
James Allen is a Managing Director and Fund Chief Financial Officer at Starwood Capital Group. In this role, he is responsible for all fund financial operations and reporting for the Firm.
Prior to joining Starwood Capital in 2010, Mr. Allen was the Director and CFO of the DLJ Real Estate Capital Partners Group. In this role, he was responsible for all finance, accounting, investor reporting, tax, treasury and compliance activities for the firm’s funds. Before that, Mr. Allen was the Director and Controller for UBS Real Estate Asset Management Group. Mr. Allen began his career at Ernst & Young, where he was an audit manager in the firm’s New York financial services office, with a specialization in real estate.
Mr. Allen earned a B.S. degree in business from Fordham University. He is a CPA, and a member of the American Institute of CPAs and New York State Society of CPAs.

Nick Antonopoulos
Senior Vice President and Management Company Chief Financial Officer
Starwood Capital Group
Nick Antonopoulos is a Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Management Company at Starwood Capital Group. In this role, he is responsible for corporate-level operations and financial reporting.  Mr. Antonopoulos previously served as Management Company Controller at the Firm.
Prior to joining Starwood Capital in 2009, Mr. Antonopoulos was responsible for evaluating potential investments and overseeing the integration of new acquisitions at Athena Real Estate. Before that, he supported the various operational and reporting needs of the investment banking group at Bear Stearns.
Mr. Antonopoulos holds a B.S. degree in finance from Fairfield University.

Sarah Broughton
Senior Vice President
Starwood Capital Group
Sarah Broughton is a Senior Vice President who coordinates Starwood Capital Group’s internal financial functions in Europe, including tax, reporting and accounting, and oversees the Firm’s U.K. human resources. She also spearheads the operations and investor reporting for Starwood European Real Estate Finance (LSE: SWEF) and its related co-investment partner.
Since joining Starwood Capital in 2007, Ms. Broughton has played a key role in the asset management of a diverse portfolio of assets throughout Europe—including spending two years in Paris as a member of Groupe du Louvre’s management team. She previously spent five years as a Financial Reporting Manager for Whitbread Plc. Ms. Broughton began her career at Andersen and qualified as a Chartered Accountant in 2001.
Ms. Broughton earned a first-class honors degree in economics from Brunel University. She is a member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of England and Wales, as well as the Securities Institute.

Dawne Cohn
Senior Vice President and Head of Human Resources
Starwood Capital Group
Dawne Cohn is a Senior Vice President and Head of Human Resources at Starwood Capital Group. In this role, she is responsible for the global human resources function for the Firm, including overseeing performance management, recruitment, compensation and employee benefits.
Prior to joining Starwood Capital in 2015, Ms. Cohn was Head of Human Resources for Point72 Asset Management, a family office focused primarily on investing in long/short equities. Before that, she was a Vice President in Human Resources at JP Morgan Chase, where she held roles in compensation and HRIS in the corporate and investment banking divisions of the firm. She began her career as an HR Associate at AT&T Capital Corp.
Ms. Cohn received an MBA and B.A. in psychology from Rutgers University.

Daniel Jackson
Chief Technology Officer
Starwood Capital Group
Daniel Jackson is a Senior Vice President and Chief Technology Officer at Starwood Capital Group. In this role, he directs Starwood Capital’s technology strategy, and has global responsibility for all IT initiatives and platforms for the Firm and its affiliates.
Prior to joining Starwood Capital in 2012, Mr. Jackson served as SVP of Technology Services for Highbridge Capital Management, JP Morgan’s alternative investment manager. Before that, he led the engineering, market data and trading floor technologies teams at SAC Capital Advisors. Mr. Jackson began his career in technology while serving as a tactical electronic warfare analyst/cryptanalyst with the U.S. Army.


Affiliates and OperatingCompanies


SH Group
Suril Shah
President
SH Group
Suril Shah is President of SH Group, Starwood Capital Group’s hotel brand management company that oversees the development and management of the Firm’s two luxury and lifestyle hotel and residence brands, 1 Hotels and Baccarat Hotels & Resorts. In this role, Mr. Shah oversees the operations of SH Group-managed hotels, including development, sales, finance & accounting and human resources.
Mr. Shah also serves as a Managing Director and Head of U.S. Hotels at Starwood Capital Group. In this role, he oversees the Firm’s hospitality acquisition and asset management activities across the United States. Since June 2011, Mr. Shah has led Starwood Capital’s U.S. Hotel Acquisitions team. Since October 2014, he has also led the Firm’s Select-Service Hotel Asset Management team.
After joining Starwood Capital in 2005, Mr. Shah spent three years in Paris as a member of the management team of Groupe du Louvre, which owns, manages and franchises more than 1,000 hotels throughout Europe, in addition to over a dozen luxury hotels. Mr. Shah was previously with Gleacher Partners, where he focused on mergers and acquisitions across all industries.
Mr. Shah received a B.S. degree in management science & engineering from Stanford University. He currently serves on the Boards of Directors of Hersha Hospitality Management and InTown Suites.


Starwood Energy Group

Madison F. Grose
Vice Chairman, General Counsel and Senior Managing Director 
Starwood Energy Group
Madison Grose serves as Vice Chairman, General Counsel and a Senior Managing Director of Starwood Energy Group, an affiliate of Starwood Capital Group that specializes in energy infrastructure investments, where he is currently focusing most of his time. He is also a Senior Managing Director and Co-General Counsel of Starwood Capital Group, and sits on the Firm’s Executive Committee. In addition, Mr. Grose served as a Trustee or Director of Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide (NYSE: HOT) from 1994 until 2001, and as a Director of iStar Financial (NYSE: STAR), from 1999 until 2003.
Prior to joining Starwood Capital in 1992, Mr. Grose was a Senior and Founding Partner with Pircher, Nichols & Meeks, a law firm specializing in complex real estate-related transactions.
Mr. Grose holds a B.A. degree with distinction and highest departmental honors from Stanford University, and a J.D. from UCLA School of Law, where he served as the Chief Comment Editor of the UCLA Law Review.

Bradford T. Nordholm
Senior Managing Director and Co-Head
Starwood Energy Group
Brad Nordholm is a Senior Managing Director and Co-Head of Starwood Energy Group, an affiliate of Starwood Capital Group that specializes in energy infrastructure investments. In this role, Mr. Nordholm is responsible for leadership of the business, including strategic direction, tactical execution, organizational development and investor relations. Mr. Nordholm also serves as a Director of Starwood Energy’s portfolio companies and as a member of its Investment Committee. Since joining Starwood Energy as its first CEO in 2006, Mr. Nordholm has overseen the completion of approximately two-dozen highly structured investments in power generation and transmission projects in North America, with aggregate enterprise value of approximately $4 billion.
Mr. Nordholm was previously Co-Founder and CEO of Tyr Energy, Inc., an asset management firm focused on power generation assets, and, concurrently, was Co-Founder and Chairman of Tyr Capital, LLC, a private equity investment fund. Before that, Mr. Nordholm served as General Manager of Aquila, where he was responsible for the development, acquisition, management and optimization of power generation, gas storage and gas transportation assets, and as CEO of U.S. Central, a $36 billion wholesale financial services company.
Mr. Nordholm received B.A. degree in economics from Carleton College, where he currently serves as a Trustee, and completed the Program for Management Development at Harvard Business School.

Himanshu Saxena
Senior Managing Director and Co-Head
Starwood Energy Group
Himanshu Saxena is a Senior Managing Director and Co-Head of Starwood Energy Group, an affiliate of Starwood Capital Group that specializes in energy infrastructure investments. In this role, Mr. Saxena is responsible for supervision of Starwood Energy’s investment program and strategy, as well as overall management of the business. Mr. Saxena sits on both the Investment Committee and the boards of portfolio companies, and is responsible for the development and management of the investment team. In addition, he maintains responsibilities for origination, structuring, execution, monitoring and exiting investments across the energy industry. Mr. Saxena has led the acquisition and development of approximately 4,500 MW of power generation and transmission projects in North America, with an aggregate enterprise value of approximately $5 billion.
Prior to joining Starwood Energy Group in 2008, Mr. Saxena was an investment banker with JPMorgan’s global energy and utilities group, where he advised on more than $10 billion in transactions. Before that, Mr. Saxena worked at American Electric Power, where he focused on managing financial risks in the power trading business and on optimizing a power generation portfolio. Mr. Saxena was previously a Chemical Engineer at industrial gas company Praxair, where he filed for several patents.
Mr. Saxena earned an MBA from Duke University, where he was a Fuqua Scholar, an M.S. degree in chemical engineering from Cornell University, and a Bachelor’s of Technology degree in chemical engineering from the Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) in Bombay, India. He currently serves on the Advisory Board at Cornell University’s Program in Infrastructure Policy (CPIP).

David Arbia
Chief Financial Officer 
Starwood Energy Group
David Arbia is the CFO of Starwood Energy Group, an affiliate of Starwood Capital Group that specializes in energy infrastructure investments. In this role, he is responsible for financial reporting, tax compliance, cash management and financial diligence on prospective investments.
Prior to joining Starwood Energy in 2013, Mr. Arbia served as the Controller of Credit Suisse USA subsidiary Asset Management Finance LLC, where he oversaw an investment portfolio consisting of $700 million in assets. Before that, Mr. Arbia was an Audit Manager in the financial services division at Deloitte & Touche LLP.
Mr. Arbia received a B.S. degree with honors in accounting and finance from the State University of New York at New Paltz, where he graduated magna cum laude. He is also a Certified Public Accountant.


Starwood Land Ventures

Mike Moser
CEO 
Starwood Land Ventures
Mike Moser is Chief Executive Officer of Starwood Land Ventures, a Starwood Capital Group-affiliated real estate investment firm that specializes in residential land development. In this role, Mr. Moser is responsible for managing the consolidated operations of Starwood Land Ventures. Mr. Moser has led the firm in the acquisition of land valued at more than $200 million over the last nine years.
Prior to joining Starwood Land Ventures in 2007, Mr. Moser spent nearly 13 years at Taylor Woodrow, a U.K.-based homebuilder, where he served as Division President of the U.S. Tower Division and Southeast homebuilding operations.
Mr. Moser received a B.S. degree in business administration from Midwestern State University in Wichita Falls, TX. He holds Florida Broker’s and Community Association Manager’s licenses, and is a member of the PGA of America.


Starwood Oil & Gas

Russell Bennett
Managing Director 
Starwood Oil & Gas
Russell Bennett is a Managing Director and Head of Oil & Gas at Starwood Capital Group, with responsibility for leading the Firm’s expansion into the oil & gas sector. In November 2013, Mr. Bennett closed Starwood Capital’s first investment in the industry—a $35 million investment in Northeast Natural Energy. In June 2015, Mr. Bennett led a $110 million investment in EagleRidge Energy.
Prior to joining Starwood Capital in 2013, Mr. Bennett worked as an investment professional at Metalmark from 2004 to 2013. During his tenure there, Mr. Bennett played an active role in 15 investments, including portfolio add-on acquisitions. Mr. Bennett has served as a member of Northeast Natural Energy’s Board of Directors from 2010 to present and has served as Chairman of EagleRidge Energy since June 2015. He began his career in the leverage finance and private equity coverage groups at JPMorgan.
Mr. Bennett received a B.S. degree in economics from Northwestern University.


Starwood Property Trust

Jeffrey F. DiModica
President and Managing Director
Starwood Property Trust
Jeffrey DiModica is President and Managing Director of Starwood Property Trust (NYSE: STWD), an affiliate of Starwood Capital Group that is the largest commercial mortgage REIT in the U.S. In this role, Mr. DiModica manages day-to-day operations and explores new business opportunities for the company, and serves on its Investment Committee. He previously served for five years on Starwood Property Trust’s Board of Directors.
Prior to joining Starwood Property Trust in 2014, Mr. DiModica served as a Managing Director and Head of MBS/ABS/CMBS Sales and Strategy for the Americas at the Royal Bank of Scotland. In this role, he was responsible for the distribution and analysis of mortgage and asset-backed securities to institutional clients. Mr. DiModica previously headed the Boston sales office for RBS/Greenwich Capital. Before that, he sold derivative and MBS products for Merrill Lynch. He began his career in Chemical Bank’s commercial real estate department’s merchant and investment banking division.
Mr. DiModica received a B.S./B.A. degree, with a concentration in finance, from Boston University, and an MBA from Dartmouth College’s Amos Tuck School. He has held the Chartered Financial Analyst designation since 1995.



Rina Paniry
Chief Financial Officer 
Starwood Property Trust
Rina Paniry is Chief Financial Officer of Starwood Property Trust, an affiliate of Starwood Capital Group that is the largest commercial mortgage REIT in the U.S. In this role, she is responsible for all financial and accounting functions for the business. Before being promoted to this role in 2014, Ms. Paniry served as Chief Financial Officer of Starwood Property Trust subsidiary LNR Property LLC, where she led the integration and transition of Starwood Property Trust’s core finance functions—including accounting, treasury, planning and tax—to LNR’s Miami office following Starwood Property Trust’s acquisition of the business in 2013. Ms. Paniry joined LNR in 2006 as Chief Accounting Officer.
Prior to joining LNR, Ms. Paniry spent 11 years at Deloitte & Touche, where she began her career. She worked in numerous roles with increasing responsibility, principally in the real estate industry in the functional areas of audit and mergers & acquisitions.
Ms. Paniry holds a Masters of Accounting from Florida International University and is a Florida CPA.

Andrew J. Sossen
Chief Operating Officer and General Counsel 
Starwood Property Trust
Andrew Sossen is Chief Operating Officer and General Counsel of Starwood Property Trust (NYSE: STWD), an affiliate of Starwood Capital Group that is the largest commercial mortgage REIT in the U.S. In this role, Mr. Sossen is responsible for the day-to-day operations of the business, as well as its capital markets and strategic initiatives. He is also a member of Starwood Property Trust’s Investment Committee.
Prior to joining Starwood Property Trust in 2010, Mr. Sossen served as the General Counsel of KKR Financial Holdings LLC, a publicly traded specialty finance company, and KKR Asset Management, where he was a member of senior management and was involved in both policy and strategic decision-making, as well as in the business’ day-to-day operations. Mr. Sossen’s career began at Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP, where he specialized in capital markets and mergers and acquisitions.
Mr. Sossen received both his B.A. and J.D. degrees from the University of Pennsylvania.


Starwood Retail Partners

Scott Wolstein
CEO 
Starwood Retail Partners
Scott Wolstein is Chief Executive Officer of Starwood Retail Partners, the wholly owned, fully integrated operating platform that oversees Starwood Capital Group’s retail investments. Under Mr. Wolstein’s leadership, Starwood Retail Partners’ portfolio has grown to 21 assets totaling more than 18 million square feet of gross leasable area.
Prior to helping establish Starwood Retail Partners in 2012, Mr. Wolstein served as Chairman and CEO of Developers Diversified Realty since the real estate investment trust’s inception in 1993. During that time, the firm became the world’s largest landlord of power centers and community centers.
Mr. Wolstein holds a B.S. degree in economics from the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania and a J.D. from University of Michigan Law School, both with honors. He has served on the boards of International Council of Shopping Centers, the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts and the Real Estate Roundtable, and has also participated extensively in the Urban Land Institute, the World Economic Forum and the Milken Institute.















 






Business - Starwood Capital


















Business - Starwood Capital










































1 Hotel Brooklyn Bridge, New YorkOwned by Starwood Distressed Opportunity Fund IX








Facts At A Glance




Years sinceStarwood Capital'sInception





Financings byCapital MarketsTeam Since2010





Employees in ten offices worldwide





Operating CompaniesCreated or Acquired





Assets underManagement









Baccarat Hotel & Residences, New YorkOwned by Starwood Opportunity Fund VIII, Starwood Hospitality Fund II and Baccarat Co-Invest





The Park, PragueOwned by Starwood Distressed Opportunity Fund IX





Hôtel de Crillon, ParisOwned by Starwood Hospitality Fund I, Starwood Opportunity Fund VII and SDL Co-Invest





Paramount Bay, MiamiOwned by Starwood Opportunity Fund VIII and Corus Co-Invest













						Business					


At a Glance


Firm


History


Business Lines


Edge


Approach












At a Glance
Starwood Capital Group is a 26-year-old private investment firm with:

A primary focus on global real estate.
Assets under management of over $51 billion.
More than 2,200 employees in 10 offices worldwide, and over 16,000 additional employees involved with a dozen portfolio operating companies.
A seasoned, stable senior management team that has worked together an average of 16 years and possesses an average of 26 years of industry experience.
The investment flexibility to shift between real estate asset classes, geographies and positions in the capital stack as the Firm perceives risk-reward dynamics to be evolving.
Extensive public markets expertise, having guided IPOs for eight leading companies.



Firm
Starwood Capital Group is a private investment firm with a primary focus on global real estate. Since its inception in 1991, the Firm has raised more than $40 billion of equity capital and currently has over $51 billion of assets under management. Over the past 26 years, Starwood Capital has acquired over $86.5 billion of assets across virtually every major real estate asset class.
Since founding Starwood Capital during the depths of the savings & loan crisis with the purchase of non-performing loans and real estate assets from the Resolution Trust Corp., Chairman and CEO Barry Sternlicht has overseen the Firm’s growth into a diversified investment company that today encompasses more than 2,200 employees and approximately 16,000 additional employees involved with a dozen portfolio operating companies. Including affiliated operations, the Firm maintains offices in Atlanta, Chicago, Greenwich, Hong Kong, London, Los Angeles, Luxembourg, Miami, San Francisco and Washington, D.C.
Starwood Capital’s hallmark is to invest opportunistically, moving between asset classes, geographies and positions in the capital stack as the Firm perceives risk/return dynamics to be evolving. To execute this strategy, Starwood Capital has built up asset-class and geographic expertise in the Firm’s targeted markets.
Throughout its history, the Firm has created a number of market-leading platforms to enhance operational efficiencies and maximize the value of its investments. These platforms include:

One of the world’s largest public hotel companies—Starwood Hotels & Resorts (NYSE: HOT).
Two of the biggest commercial mortgage finance companies in the United States—Starwood Property Trust (NYSE: STWD) and iStar (NYSE: STAR).
One of the largest collections of multifamily apartments in the United States.
One of the largest portfolios of select-service hotels in the United States.
One of the largest homebuilders in the United States—TRI Pointe Homes (NYSE: TPH).
One of the leading regional mall operators in the United States—Starwood Retail Partners.
One of the largest publicly traded owners and operators of single-family rental homes in the United States—Starwood Waypoint Residential Trust (NYSE: SWAY), now trading as Colony Starwood Homes (NYSE: SFR).
One of the leading providers of residential sites to the U.S. homebuilding industry (Starwood Land Ventures).
An innovative hotel management company, SH Group, that is introducing the 1 Hotels and Baccarat Hotels & Resorts brands to the market.
One of the United Kingdom’s leading hotel operators—Principal Hotel Company.

In its pursuit of the most compelling opportunities globally, Starwood Capital has invested in more than 30 countries, ranging from the Americas to Europe to Asia. Highlighting Starwood Capital’s international commitment and ability to shift geographies to capitalize on market dislocations, the Firm made the strategic decision in 2011 to enhance its longstanding presence in Europe—in anticipation of a prolonged recovery across the region—by relocating the Firm’s Global Head of Acquisitions to London. Starwood Capital also relocated a Managing Director who sits on the Firm’s Investment Committee to Luxembourg to oversee all European investments in Starwood Capital funds. Starwood Capital’s pan-European operation has grown to comprise more than 50 employees and supports an increasing portion of the Firm’s global activity.
Reflecting the success of its investment activities, Starwood Capital and its professionals have received numerous industry accolades over the years. In 2015 alone, the Firm was honored by leading global private real estate publication PERE in the following categories:

North American Firm of the Year.
European Firm of the Year.
Global Industry Figure of the Year.
North American Industry Figure of the Year.
North American Deal of the Year.
#2 in the PERE 50 ranking of the top private equity real estate firms.

 
 


History





1991
Barry Sternlicht launches Starwood Capital









1992
Starwood Opportunity Funds I and IA close at $52M









1993
Starwood Capital funds contribute multifamily holdings to Equity Residential (NYSE: EQR)—which goes on to become the largest publicly traded apartment owner in the country, with Mr. Sternlicht serving on its Board of Directors
Starwood Opportunity Fund II closes at $102M









1994
Starwood Capital funds acquire a majority of the distressed senior debt of Hotel Investors Trust, thus setting the stage for the Firm’s emergence as a global leader in the hospitality space
Starwood Mezzanine Investors closes at $220M









1995
Starwood Capital creates Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide (NYSE: HOT) and Mr. Sternlicht becomes Chairman and CEO
Starwood Capital funds purchase Westin Hotels & Resorts and begins a new growth phase for the business









1997
Starwood Opportunity Fund IV closes at $830M









1998
Starwood Capital creates Starwood Financial, subsequently renamed iStar (NYSE: STAR), which becomes one of the largest publicly traded real estate finance companies in the U.S.
Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide completes the $14B acquisition of ITT Sheraton, making the company the largest hotel operator in the world
First W Hotel opens in New York
 









1999
Starwood Opportunity Fund V closes at $516M
A Starwood Capital fund completes the Firm’s first international investment, purchasing the distressed loans of condominiums in Bangkok









2000
Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide is added to the S&P 500 Index









2002
Starwood Opportunity Fund VI closes at $567M









2003
A Starwood Capital fund takes National Golf Properties (NYSE: TEE) private
Starwood Capital opens an office in London—marking the beginning of a significant expansion of the Firm’s international operations that also includes a Luxembourg hub with responsibility for all European investments in Starwood Capital funds









2005
Starwood Global Opportunity Fund VII closes at $1.475B
Starwood Capital Hospitality Fund I closes at $900M
Starwood Capital funds complete the $3.2B acquisition of Groupe Taittinger and Société du Louvre
A Starwood Capital fund acquires Mammoth Mountain, one of the top-ranked ski resorts in the U.S.









2007
A Starwood Capital fund acquires BR Guest Hospitality, owner and operator of some of New York’s most successful restaurant brands









2008
The Visionaire, developed by Starwood Capital, becomes Manhattan’s first Platinum LEED-certified condominium project
Starwood Energy Infrastructure Fund I closes at $433M
Starwood Capital launches Starwood Land Ventures, which goes on to become one of the leading providers of residential sites to the U.S. homebuilding industry









2009
Starwood Debt Fund II closes at $378M
Starwood Capital creates Starwood Property Trust (NYSE: STWD), a commercial mortgage REIT that is the largest blind pool company ever listed on the NYSE
Starwood Capital funds acquire Corus Bank’s $4.5B face-value loan portfolio from the FDIC in one of the government’s largest distressed debt transactions during the Great Recession









2010
A Starwood Capital fund purchases a property in New York’s Chelsea neighborhood that, when redeveloped as the Walker Tower, sets a new record price for a downtown Manhattan condo sale
Starwood Global Opportunity Fund VIII closes at $1.83B
Starwood Capital funds acquire The Viceroy Resort—making the Firm the largest employer on the island of Anguilla
Starwood Capital Global Hospitality Fund II closes at $965M









2011
Starwood Capital funds acquire two prime Manhattan assets that the Firm will develop into flagship properties for its 1 Hotels and Baccarat Hotels & Resorts brands
A Starwood Energy Group fund completes the Starwood SSM Project—one of the largest solar power plants in Canada
A Starwood Capital fund makes the first in a series of acquisitions that will establish the Firm as one of the largest operators of select-service and extended-stay hotels in the U.S.
A Starwood Energy Group fund finances the Gainesville (FL) Renewable Energy Center—one of North America’s largest-ever biomass projects









2012
A Starwood Capital fund makes the first in a series of acquisitions of leading regional malls in the U.S., and the Firm creates Starwood Retail Partners to manage the portfolio
Starwood European Real Estate Finance (LSE: SWEF) goes public









2013
Starwood Capital funds acquire Principal Hayley, which the Firm subsequently merges with Four Pillars and De Vere Ventures to create a leading U.K. hotel platform
A Starwood Capital fund and Starwood Property Trust acquire LNR Property LLC (along with subsidiary Hatfield Philips International) for $1.05B, thus expanding the Firm’s distressed real estate expertise
Starwood Capital portfolio company TRI Pointe Homes (NYSE: TPH) goes public and is later combined with a Weyerhaeuser subsidiary to create one of the largest homebuilders in the United States
Starwood Distressed Opportunity Fund IX closes at $4.2B
Starwood Energy Infrastructure Fund II closes at $983M









2014
Starwood Waypoint Residential Trust (NYSE: SWAY), one of the largest owners of single-family rental homes in the U.S., goes public
Starwood Capital portfolio company Opus Bank (NASDAQ: OPB), a leading regional real estate lender, goes public
A Starwood Capital fund acquires a diverse portfolio of assets in Sweden and Norway for $1.4B—the largest property transaction in Scandinavia for the year
 









2015
Starwood Capital funds acquire TMI Hospitality, one of the largest owners, managers and developers of select-service hotels in the U.S.
Starwood Capital launches Baccarat Hotels & Resorts brand with the opening of its flagship property in Manhattan
Starwood Capital launches 1 Hotels brand with opening of its South Beach property in Miami
Starwood Global Opportunity Fund (SOF X) closes at $5.6B—the Firm’s largest fund to date









2016
Starwood Capital funds acquire a portfolio of apartments in the United States from Equity Residential in a transaction valued at $5.4B—the largest non-hotel purchase in the Firm’s history.
China Life, China’s largest life insurance company, invests with Starwood Capital in approximately $2B of select-service hotels in the U.S.







Business Lines
Starwood Capital has been organized into complementary business lines that feature executive sponsorship and dedicated teams of professionals, supported by the Firm’s general resources in acquisitions, asset management, finance, investor relations, accounting, tax and legal. 
Real Estate Businesses
Global Opportunistic Real Estate
Starwood Capital considers opportunistic real estate investing to be defined by minimizing downside risk and maximizing upside. In executing this strategy, the Firm’s seasoned team pursues global investment opportunities across all real estate asset classes and positions in the capital stack that offer compelling risk/return propositions. For example, Starwood Capital has been one of the most prolific investors in distressed debt since the global financial crisis, while acquiring cash-flowing office, residential, industrial, retail and hotel assets at discounts to replacement cost. The Firm has also successfully built platform strategies in asset classes such as residential land, retail malls and select-service hotels. Starwood Capital has raised 15 opportunistic real estate funds to date, with the most recent (Starwood Global Opportunity Fund X), attracting $5.6 billion of committed capital—the largest fund in the Firm’s history.
Performing Real Estate Debt
With total capital deployed since inception of more than $32 billion, Starwood Property Trust (NYSE: STWD) is the largest commercial mortgage real estate investment trust in the U.S. Externally managed by Starwood Capital, Starwood Property Trust focuses on originating, acquiring, financing and managing commercial mortgage loans and other commercial real estate debt investments. Starwood European Real Estate Finance Ltd. (LSE: SWEF), also externally managed by Starwood Capital, pursues similar investment objectives to Starwood Property Trust, with a geographic focus on Europe.
Loan Servicing
Starwood Capital, through Starwood Property Trust’s 2013 acquisition of LNR Property LLC, also operates as a special loan servicer in the U.S., and has expanded its product offerings to include fixed-rate and conduit loans. LNR provides Starwood Capital with unique insights into the distressed debt market, as it is the named special servicer on approximately 23% of all transactions in the CMBS universe. In Europe, Starwood Property Trust’s non-controlling minority interest in Situs—which acquired LNR subsidiary Hatfield Philips International in 2016—allows Starwood Capital to benefit from access to a market-leading primary and special servicing platform.
Retail
Formed in 2012 to acquire, redevelop, lease, manage and operate the retail centers in Starwood Capital’s portfolio, Starwood Retail Partners has grown to become one of the largest mall enterprises in the United States. Starwood Retail Partners seeks to capitalize on opportunities in the rapidly changing retail landscape through a unique combination of talent, experience and execution capabilities in the regional mall, lifestyle, street retail and power center sectors. Through a variety of co-investments, joint-venture partnerships, stand-alone transactions and a closed-end core-plus fund, Starwood Retail Partners currently manages a portfolio of 30 properties across the United States, comprising 28 million square feet of gross leasable area and over $6 billion in value. With approximately 370 employees, the organization brings hands-on experience in management, leasing and redevelopment to each of its investments.
Hotel Brand Management
SH Group is a hotel brand management company with more than 1,250 employees owned by a fund sponsored by Starwood Capital that provides the Firm with significant proprietary investment opportunities and helps enhance the performance of fund hotel investments—including assisting Starwood Capital’s in-house design and hotel operations experts. Leveraging its marketing, design, operational and technological expertise, SH Group is the force behind some of the most groundbreaking and dynamic hotel brands in the world, including:

1 Hotels
As a luxury lifestyle hotel brand inspired by nature, 1 Hotels cultivates the best of eco-conscious design and sustainable architecture, together with extraordinary comfort and an unrivalled level of service. 1 Hotels, which launched in 2015 with the opening of exclusive properties in Miami’s South Beach and Manhattan, followed by Brooklyn in 2017, was developed with the simple idea that those who travel the world also care about it. 1 Hotels upholds this vision by channeling nature through design, culinary partnerships, connecting with the local community and taking small steps to make a big difference.
Baccarat Hotels & Resorts
Drawing upon the 250-year history of the iconic French crystal maker, Baccarat Hotels & Resorts delivers a distinctive, personalized experience in the world’s most illustrious locales. Baccarat Hotels & Resorts launched in March 2015 with the opening of its flagship property in New York, to be followed by Rabat, Morocco, in 2016. Distinguished by a singular sense of glamour and celebration, as well as a groundbreaking vision of modern luxury, Baccarat Hotels & Resorts sets a new standard for the ultimate lifestyle experience—reimagining excellence through impeccable service and inspired artistry.

Residential
Starwood Land Ventures has teamed up with best-in-class, local residential land experts in Arizona, California, Colorado and Florida to purchase nearly 20,000 lots. To date, Starwood Land Ventures has generated significant profits while selling 69% of its lots—solidifying its position as one of the nation’s leading providers of residential sites to the homebuilding industry. At the same time, the affiliate provides Starwood Capital with insights into land valuation trends and their resulting impact on residential property values.

Energy Businesses
Energy Infrastructure
Starwood Energy Group specializes in energy infrastructure investments, with a focus on the natural gas and renewable power generation and transmission sectors. Through its general opportunity funds, Starwood Energy Infrastructure Fund I and II, and other affiliated investment vehicles, Starwood Energy Group manages total equity commitments of approximately $3 billion, and has executed transactions totaling more than $6 billion in enterprise value. By leveraging its extensive operations, development, construction, acquisition and financing expertise, the team is well-positioned to capitalize on opportunities emerging in this rapidly evolving industry.
Oil & Gas
Starwood Oil & Gas invests in conventional and unconventional oil & gas assets in North America. In 2013, the group made a $36 million investment in Northeast Natural Energy to fund the Charleston, WV-based company’s acreage acquisition and development program in one of the most prolific areas of the Marcellus Shale. In 2015, the team led a $110 million investment in EagleRidge Energy, a Dallas-based oil & gas producer focused on one of the lowest-cost natural gas shale plays in Texas. In 2017, the group led a $50 million investment in Ventana Exploration and Production to acquire non-operating working interests and minerals in the prolific STACK and SCOOP basins in Central Oklahoma. Leveraging its industry knowledge and extensive transactional experience, Starwood Oil & Gas is well-positioned to capitalize on the dramatic transformation of the energy sector.


Edge
Starwood Capital occupies a unique position in global real estate investing, based on the following differentiators:
Deep Hands-On Real Estate Perspective
Starwood Capital has 26 years of experience covering virtually every real estate asset class. The Firm has acquired more than $64 billion of opportunistic real estate assets since inception, generating strong returns throughout that time. The Firm also operates the largest commercial mortgage REIT in the United States—Starwood Property Trust (NYSE: STWD), which has deployed over $32 billion in capital since inception.
Investment agility
A hallmark of Starwood Capital is the ability to pursue a wide variety of investment opportunities as they emerge—moving from asset class to asset class, shifting geographies from the U.S. to international markets and changing positions in the capital stack as the team perceives risk/return dynamics to be evolving.
Scale and Creativity
As one of the largest institutional real estate investors in the world, Starwood Capital benefits from a worldwide sourcing engine—creating a robust deal flow, and accessing the majority of transactions on an off-market basis. In fact, over 90% of SOF X, SOF IX and SOF VIII’s investments were sourced off-market or via small auctions, including all 16 of SOF X’s European investments to date. The Firm also boasts a history of extraordinary creativity that extends to its innovative transaction structuring and execution capabilities.
Operational Expertise
The Firm has broad real estate operating experience, with asset management organized into dedicated teams by specialty. The Firm has created a number of platforms to enhance operational efficiencies and maximize the value of underlying assets. In addition, our in-house loan workout expertise gives us the ability to manage large portfolios of non-performing loans.
Capital Markets Skills
Starwood Capital’s capital markets expertise is a core competency that the Firm believes sets it apart from more traditional real estate investors. The team constantly evaluates real estate in relation to the capital markets in order to take advantage of pricing inefficiencies, and arbitrage between the public and private markets. When the public markets are willing to pay more for assets or platforms than could be generated from longer-term holds or individual asset sales, Starwood Capital has completed a number of successful public market executions, including:

Starwood Property Trust (NYSE: STWD)
Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide (NYSE: HOT)
Equity Residential (NYSE: EQR)
Starwood Waypoint Residential Trust (NYSE: SWAY), now trading as Colony Starwood Homes (NYSE: SFR)
TRI Pointe Homes (NYSE: TPH)
iStar Financial (NYSE: STAR)
Starwood European Real Estate Finance (LSE: SWEF)
Opus Bank (NASDAQ: OPB)

On the debt side, the Firm’s skilled in-house capital markets team has closed transactions totaling approximately $57 billion since January 2010. The team’s expertise and global network of lending relationships has often allowed it to obtain best-in-market terms for investors, while using brokers only sparingly (less than 15% of the time).
An Information Edge
The expertise developed through Starwood Capital’s symbiotic business lines enhances the team’s judgment throughout the underwriting process. These investment platforms provide t critical bottom-up intelligence that helps set the agenda for the Firm’s investment strategy:

Starwood Property Trust: The largest commercial mortgage REIT in the United States by market capitalization, this affiliate helps Starwood Capital underwrite transactions by providing information on where loans are being executed in the market. The team also shares market data with the Firm to help create more accurate underwriting projections. As one of the largest loan special servicers in the United States (through affiliate LNR), as well as an investor in a leading debt advisory and loan servicing platform in Europe (through Starwood Property Trust’s non-controlling minority stake in Situs, which acquired LNR subsidiary Hatfield Philips International in 2016), the team supplies Starwood Capital with market information on both regions, as well as provides appropriate insight into troubled real estate projects.
Starwood Multifamily Portfolio: With approximately 106,000 units under management, Starwood Capital is not only one of the largest apartment owners in the United States, but also among the largest within a number of select markets. The Firm is, for example, one of the largest institutional owners in Orlando, South Florida and Denver. This critical mass in targeted markets provides the Firm with information on asset performance that other investors simply do not possess—and helped give the team a decisive edge in the case of the acquisition in January 2016 of 23,262 garden-style units in 72 communities across the United States, as the Firm already owned assets in 95% of the markets represented in the transaction.
SH Group: Starwood Capital’s hotel brand management team brings operational expertise in the areas of revenue management, marketing, food & beverage, and systems and cost management to the hotel underwriting and asset management teams.
Starwood Retail Partners: Starwood Capital’s team of retail experts gives the Firm an edge in evaluating malls, power centers and lifestyle centers. The team has built strong relationships with tenants and can provide accurate operating metrics to help fine-tune asset cash flow projections.
Starwood Land Ventures: The Firm’s team of residential land experts provides granular detail on residential land pricing movements and new housing trends, as well as development cost analysis.

Global Reach
Starwood Capital’s track record as a global investor is well-established. Beginning with the purchase of distressed condominium loans in Bangkok in 1999, the Firm’s international investments have steadily grown to encompass more than 30 countries. To provide on-the-ground support for international investment opportunities as they develop, the Firm has opened a number of offices around the world. For example, the Firm and its affiliates have established offices in London and Luxembourg that are part of a pan-European operation comprising more than 50 employees. In Europe alone, Starwood Capital has acquired more than $17 billion of assets in over 60 transactions since 1999. Today, Starwood Capital and its affiliates operate 10 offices worldwide. This expansive network allows the Firm to efficiently evaluate the most compelling risk/return opportunities across the globe.
Distressed Investing in Our DNA
Starwood Capital was founded during the savings & loan crisis in the early 1990s, when the Firm acquired real estate holdings from the Resolution Trust Corp. The Firm has since capitalized on numerous opportunities to purchase distressed assets at deep discounts. Across its last three funds, the Firm has acquired nearly $10.5 billion of unpaid principal balance NPLs, partially sourced by engaging domestic money center and regional banks, and forming strategic partnerships with the National Asset Management Agency (Ireland’s “bad bank”) and the FDIC (via the Corus Bank investment) to purchase some of their NPL pools, as well as purchasing a pool from Bankia (Spain’s amalgamation of seven troubled local banks). Starwood Capital also benefits from the distressed real estate expertise  of affiliates LNR Property LLC and Hatfield Philips International, two of the largest special loan servicers.
Seasoned, Stable Management Team
The senior team at Starwood Capital has worked together for an average of 16 years, and has an average of 26 years of industry experience—across all real estate asset classes and stages of the investment cycle.
flexible investment sizing
Starwood Capital occupies what it believes is a distinct niche in the market: Nimble enough to target transactions of $50–125 million, yet large enough to capitalize on billion-dollar investment opportunities around the world by utilizing co-investment funds. For its sweet spot of midsized transactions, Starwood Capital believes that the Firm’s reputation, sophistication, speed, access to capital and ability to execute provide the Firm with a competitive advantage over smaller, more regional firms. On larger transactions, the Firm’s proven ability to conduct detailed due diligence using a vast network of resources and relationships results in an in-depth understanding of potential investments that few investors can match in a cost-efficient manner.
Strong Risk-Adjusted Performance
Starwood Capital’s disciplined investment approach has enabled the Firm to consistently deliver strong performance across its funds, with the Firm’s first seven funds 100% liquidated.
A History of Record-Setting Value Creation
Starwood Capital’s opportunistic real estate program is distinguished by the Firm’s proven ability to develop creative strategies to add value throughout the investment process—enabling the most advantageous exit. The success of this approach is underscored by the Firm’s sale of 11 assets in 11 different cities over the last several years that have set records for:

A Paris hotel (Hôtel de Crillon).
A downtown Manhattan condo (Walker Tower).
A Denver office building (One Union Station).
A Brooklyn condo (Pierhouse at Brooklyn Bridge Park).
An East London hotel (Ace Hotel London Shoreditch).
A North American hotel (Baccarat Hotel New York).
A Portland office property (Block 300).
A Vancouver hotel (Westin Bayshore).
A select-service hotel in D.C. (Hilton Garden Inn Washington, D.C./Georgetown).
A North Carolina asset (One Wells Fargo Center).
A Czech Republic office transaction (The Park).

Commitment to eco-conscious investment
The Firm continues to set a new standard for the private equity industry in environmentally responsible investment and development, across all real estate asset classes. Nowhere is this commitment more apparent than 1 Hotels. Operated by Starwood Capital affiliate SH Group, this luxury lifestyle brand represents hospitality with a purpose: To celebrate nature while encouraging sophisticated travelers to live well, do better and connect with the world around them.
design leadership
Starwood Capital believes that it possesses an expertise in the design of real estate assets that is unsurpassed in the private equity industry. This sensibility starts at the top: CEO Barry Sternlicht is a member of the Interior Design Hall of Fame, and the Firm’s Head of Design was recently inducted into the Hospitality Design Platinum Circle. A number of Starwood Capital’s assets have been acclaimed for their aesthetics, which ultimately help drive value for the Firm’s investors.



Approach
Starwood Capital seeks to deliver consistent, robust returns while placing a premium on preserving capital. The team performs a comprehensive risk/return analysis on each potential transaction, and only invest in assets and businesses with asymmetrical return potential. Guided by common sense, discipline and the recognition that intellectual humility is the foundation of successful investing, the Firm adheres to the following core principles:
Invest When New Supply Is Low
Target markets with high barriers to entry and little to no competitive supply planned or under construction. Since the economic recovery has generally been slow and steady, Starwood Capital has not seen the type of aggressive supply that would typically result from the recent rent growth and strength of the markets.
Anticipate Capital flows
Seek to get ahead of capital flows in areas where economic growth is projected to drive tenant demand but new supply is not yet on the horizon. The Starwood Capital team has found that capital flows often influence asset valuations as much as—or more than—the impact of local market supply and demand trends. Once these target markets are identified, the team works on the “micro” side to pinpoint opportunities for asymmetrical return potential through value-add asset management.
Buy Below Replacement Cost
Purchase—at favorable prices—fundamentally sound assets that have previously lacked capital, attention or effective management. Buying below replacement cost offers a margin of safety, typically ensuring that no new construction/ competition will be completed until values rise to justify new product. Starwood Capital’s recent transactions demonstrate that opportunities continue to arise to acquire assets at discounted prices.
Utilize Appropriate debt to generate positive Leverage
Seek to use proper leverage—in amount and duration—to reflect the stability of each asset’s cash flow. In the current market, Starwood Capital can typically buy property at yields in excess of the cost of debt and generate strong cash-on-cash yields during the hold period. Positive leverage allows the investment team to be patient for a recovery, lessening the reliance on the residual value to achieve strong returns. In most cases, Starwood Capital can secure debt longer than the expected hold period—thus creating a potential asset upon exit if interest rates rise.
Construct Diversified Portfolios
Actively manage concentrations of fund capital by diversifying exposures across risk profiles, geographic areas, asset classes and positions in the capital structure.
Add Value to Investments through hands-on asset management
Acquire undermanaged or undercapitalized assets that the Starwood Capital team can stabilize and refurbish, and implement a dynamic asset management plan in order to position each investment for sale at the maximum price. In appropriate cases, the Firm can create a growth platform through the acquisition of complementary assets and/or portfolios.
maintain investment discipline
Seek to enhance returns in both cyclical downturns and upswings by maintaining a disciplined approach to assets and their value. For example, prior to the market crash in 2008, Starwood Capital minimized its acquisitions and maximized dispositions of assets—whereas in subsequent years, the Firm shifted its focus toward a higher volume of acquisitions. By the same token, the Firm took advantage of a number of distressed investment opportunities in the wake of the Great Recession but shifted toward more defensive asset classes in recent years.
capitalize on the firm’s disposition expertise
Design optimal exit strategies that can generate maximum asset value, with options including an individual asset sale, portfolio sale, operating company sale or public market execution—all of which Starwood Capital has extensive experience in executing.
Align Interests with Investors
Treat Starwood Capital investment partners’ capital as the Firm’s own—because a meaningful portion of it is the Firm’s own. Starwood Capital’s partners invest alongside its LPs in every transaction that they sponsor. Starwood Capital has never taken fund transaction fees—believing instead that the Firm should profit only after its investors receive a full return of their capital plus an attractive preferred return.












 





Creative Commons — Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported
— CC BY-SA 3.0 






















Skip to content








 Menu















Help us build a vibrant, collaborative global commons
Donate Now














Creative Commons


Creative Commons License Deed







Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported

(CC BY-SA 3.0)








This is a human-readable summary of (and not a substitute for) the license.


Disclaimer.






You are free to:


Share — copy and redistribute the material in any medium or format


Adapt — remix, transform, and build upon the material


for any purpose, even commercially.

















The licensor cannot revoke these freedoms as long as you follow the license terms.




Under the following terms:



Attribution — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.




Attribute this work:












ShareAlike — If you remix, transform, or build upon the material, you must distribute your contributions under the same license as the original.








No additional restrictions — You may not apply legal terms or technological measures that legally restrict others from doing anything the license permits.






Notices:



You do not have to comply with the license for elements of the material in the public domain or where your use is permitted by an applicable exception or limitation.


No warranties are given. The license may not give you all of the permissions necessary for your intended use. For example, other rights such as publicity, privacy, or moral rights may limit how you use the material.








Learn more about CC licensing, or use the license for your own material.






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
Make a Donation






This page is available in the following languages:


Castellano
Castellano (España)
Català
Dansk
Deutsch
English
Esperanto
français
Galego
hrvatski
Indonesia
Italiano
Latviski
Lietuvių
Melayu
Nederlands
Norsk
polski
Português
Português (BR)
română
Slovenščina
Suomeksi
svenska
Türkçe
íslenska
česky
Ελληνικά
Беларуская
русский
українська
العربية
پارسی
中文
日本語
華語 (台灣)
한국어






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
When you share, everyone wins.





Contribute today to Creative Commons




$100



$50



$25



$5































Disclaimer

This deed highlights only some of the key features and terms of the actual license. It is not a license and has no legal value. You should carefully review all of the terms and conditions of the actual license before using the licensed material.
Creative Commons is not a law firm and does not provide legal services. Distributing, displaying, or linking to this deed or the license that it summarizes does not create a lawyer-client or any other relationship.




What does "Attribute this work" mean?


The page you came from contained embedded licensing metadata, including how the creator wishes to be attributed for re-use. You can use the HTML here to cite the work. Doing so will also include metadata on your page so that others can find the original work as well.




The applicable mediation rules will be designated in the copyright notice published with the work, or if none then in the request for mediation. Unless otherwise designated in a copyright notice attached to the work, the UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules apply to any arbitration.
More info.




If supplied, you must provide the name of the creator and attribution parties, a copyright notice, a license notice, a disclaimer notice, and a link to the material. CC licenses prior to Version 4.0 also require you to provide the title of the material if supplied, and may have other slight differences.
More info.




In 4.0, you must indicate if you modified the material and retain an indication of previous modifications. In 3.0 and earlier license versions, the indication of changes is only required if you create a derivative.
Marking guide.
More info.




You may also use a license listed as compatible at https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
More info.




A commercial use is one primarily intended for commercial advantage or monetary compensation.
More info.




Merely changing the format never creates a derivative.
More info.




The license prohibits application of effective technological measures, defined with reference to Article 11 of the WIPO Copyright Treaty.
More info.




The rights of users under exceptions and limitations, such as fair use and fair dealing, are not affected by the CC licenses.
More info.




You may need to get additional permissions before using the material as you intend.
More info.

























Team - Starwood Capital


















Team - Starwood Capital











































Sea Island Resort, Sea Island, GAOwned by Starwood Opportunity Fund VIII and Starwood Hospitality Fund II








Facts At A Glance




Average Years ofIndustry Experiencefor Senior Managers





Assets Purchased byAcquisitions Team





Equity Capital Raised by Investor Relations Team





Average YearsSenior ManagementHas Worked Together





Number of times Starwood Capital and its Executives Have Been Honored by PERE as Firm or Industry Figure of the Year









Pacific Shores Center, Redwood City, CAOwned by Starwood Opportunity Fund VII





The Grand Central, Glasgow, ScotlandOwned by Starwood Distressed Opportunity Fund IX and U.K. Co-Invest




Metreon, San FranciscoOwned by Starwood Opportunity Fund VIII and StarWest Retail Co-Invest, managed by Starwood Retail Partners





Stella Tower, New YorkOwned by Starwood Distressed Opportunity Fund IX












						Team					


Investment Committee


Other Senior Executives


Affiliates and OperatingCompanies


SH Group


Starwood Energy Group


Starwood Land Ventures


Starwood Oil & Gas


Starwood Property Trust


Starwood Retail Partners












Starwood Capital is led by seasoned professionals who have successfully navigated all stages of the real estate investment cycle. The Firm’s senior executives have worked together for an average of 16 years, and possess an average of 26 years of experience in the industry. We believe that our team collectively represents exceptional real estate talent.




Investment Committee

Barry S. Sternlicht
Chairman & CEO
Starwood Capital Group
Barry Sternlicht is Chairman & Chief Executive Officer of Starwood Capital Group, the private investment firm he formed in 1991 that is focused on global real estate, hotel management, oil and gas, and energy infrastructure. Mr. Sternlicht also serves as Chairman of Starwood Property Trust (NYSE: STWD), the largest commercial mortgage REIT in the U.S.; and French crystal maker Baccarat S.A.; as well as Co-Chairman of Colony Starwood Homes (NYSE: SFR), one of the largest publicly traded investors, owners and operators of single-family homes in the U.S.
For the past 26 years, Mr. Sternlicht has structured investments with an asset value of approximately $84 billion. Starwood Capital’s funds have invested in approximately 146,000 multifamily/condo units, 2,900 hotels, 67 million square feet of office properties, 53 million square feet of retail and 52,000 lots of land in residential subdivisions. The Firm currently manages approximately $52 billion of assets on behalf of its high net worth and institutional partners. Starwood Capital, its affiliates and externally managed public companies employ more than 2,000 professionals, while approximately 15,000 additional employees are involved with a dozen portfolio operating companies. The Firm maintains offices in Atlanta, Chicago, Greenwich, Los Angeles, Miami, San Francisco, and Washington, D.C., and affiliated offices in London, Luxembourg and Hong Kong.
From 1995 through early 2005, Mr. Sternlicht was Chairman and CEO of Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide (NYSE: HOT), a company he founded in 1995. During his tenure, he built Starwood Hotels into one of the leading hotel and leisure companies in the world, employing more than 120,000 people with 895 properties in 100 countries. Mr. Sternlicht created W Hotels, perhaps the world’s most successful “boutique” brand, and built the St. Regis Hotels brand from a single hotel to a global brand.
In 2008, Mr. Sternlicht founded SH Group, his new hotel management company. SH Group is the owner and manager of Baccarat Hotels & Resorts and 1 Hotels brands.
In 2016, Mr. Sternlicht was the recipient of PERE’s inaugural Lifetime Achievement Award. In 2015, he was named the Global Industry Figure of the Year by PERE, received the Cornell Icon of the Industry Award and the Lifetime Achievement Award from the International Hotel Investment Forum. In 2013, Mr. Sternlicht was named the Most Important Person in Commercial Real Estate Finance by The Mortgage Observer. In 2010, Mr. Sternlicht was named Executive of the Year and Investor of the Year by Commercial Property Executive. Mr. Sternlicht was also named America’s Best Lodging CEO by Institutional Investor Magazine. He is a member of the Interior Design Magazine Hall of Fame. He has received the Preston Robert Tisch Distinguished Industry Leadership Award from New York University, the CEO Diversity Award from Diversity Best Practices/Business Women’s Network, the Lifetime Achievement Award from the Association of Travel Marketing Executives, the Hospitality Heritage Award from the American Hotel and Lodging Association, and the Marketer of the Year Award from Brandweek. Mr. Sternlicht’s humanitarian efforts have garnered prestigious national honors such as JDRF’s Man of the Year, JDRF’s Living and Giving Award and JDRF’s Chairman’s Award.
Mr. Sternlicht serves on the Board of Directors of The Estée Lauder Companies and the Real Estate Roundtable. Additionally, he formally served as Chairman of the Board and is currently a Board member of The Robin Hood Foundation, and also serves on the Boards of the Dreamland Film & Performing Arts Center, and the Executive Advisory Board of Americans for the Arts. He is a member of the U.S. Olympic and Paralympic Foundation Trustee Council, the World Presidents Organization and the Urban Land Institute.
Barry Sternlicht received his BA, magna cum laude, with honors from Brown University. He later earned an MBA with distinction from Harvard Business School.

Madison F. Grose
Senior Managing Director and Co-General Counsel
Starwood Capital Group
Madison Grose is a Senior Managing Director and Co-General Counsel of Starwood Capital Group. Mr. Grose is also a member of the Firm’s Executive Committee. In addition, he serves as Vice Chairman, General Counsel and a Senior Managing Director of Starwood Energy Group, an affiliate of Starwood Capital Group that specializes in energy infrastructure investments, where he is currently focusing most of his time. Mr. Grose served as a Trustee or Director of Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide (NYSE: HOT) from 1994 until 2001, and as a Director of iStar Financial (NYSE: STAR), from 1999 until 2003.
Prior to joining Starwood Capital in 1992, Mr. Grose was a Senior and Founding Partner with Pircher, Nichols & Meeks, a law firm specializing in complex real estate-related transactions.
Mr. Grose holds a B.A. degree with distinction and highest departmental honors from Stanford University, and a J.D. from UCLA School of Law, where he served as the Chief Comment Editor of the UCLA Law Review.

Jerome C. Silvey
Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer
Starwood Capital Group
Jerome Silvey is Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer at Starwood Capital Group. In this role, Mr. Silvey oversees all of the Firm’s investor relations, debt financing, equity fundraising, treasury operations, investor reporting, and tax planning and compliance. He is also a member of the Firm’s Executive, Investment and Disposition Committees. Mr. Silvey joined Starwood Capital in 1993 after 13 years with Price Waterhouse.
Mr. Silvey received a B.A. degree in mathematical economics from Colgate University in Hamilton, NY, and an MBA from Rutgers Graduate School of Management. He is a member of the Board of Directors of REIS, as well as a member of the Institutional Real Estate Investors Editorial Board, the NCREIF/PREA Reporting Standards Board, the P&I Research Advisory Panel and the Association of Foreign Investors in Real Estate.

Ellis F. Rinaldi
Executive Vice President and Co-General Counsel
Starwood Capital Group
Ellis Rinaldi is an Executive Vice President and Co-General Counsel at Starwood Capital Group. Mr. Rinaldi has represented Starwood Capital’s legal interests since 1991, and is actively involved in all the legal aspects of the Firm’s business, including acquisitions, financing, asset management and strategic planning. Mr. Rinaldi became an officer of Starwood Capital and a member of the Firm’s Executive Committee in 1999.
Mr. Rinaldi was an associate at the law firm of Winthrop, Stimson, Putnam & Roberts and then Pircher, Nichols & Meeks, prior to forming Rinaldi, Finkelstein & Franklin, L.L.C., Starwood Capital’s lead outside counsel. Mr. Rinaldi is the managing member of RFF and is on the Board of Directors of Baccarat, S.A.
Mr. Rinaldi received his J.D. from George Washington University, where he was a member of the GW Law Review, and his BBA degree, summa cum laude, in accounting from the University of Massachusetts at Amherst, Honors Program.

Jeffrey G. Dishner
Senior Managing Director and Global Head of Real Estate Acquisitions
Starwood Capital Group
Jeffrey G. Dishner is a Senior Managing Director at Starwood Capital Group, where he is responsible for overseeing the Firm’s acquisition efforts on a worldwide basis. In this role, Mr. Dishner assists the team in originating, structuring, underwriting and closing investments in all property types. He has also helped drive Starwood Capital’s ongoing expansion of operations in Europe, as compelling investment opportunities in the region continue to increase. Reflecting the success of this effort, Starwood Capital in 2013 was named European Firm of the Year by leading industry publication PERE. Mr. Dishner is a member of the Firm’s Executive and Investment Committees, and also serves on the Investment Committee and board of trustees of Starwood Property Trust (NYSE: STWD), an affiliate of Starwood Capital that is the largest commercial mortgage REIT in the U.S.
Prior to joining Starwood Capital in 1994, Mr. Dishner worked in the commercial mortgage finance group at J.P. Morgan & Co., where he focused on whole-loan dispositions and securitizations for various thrift institutions. Before that, Mr. Dishner was a member of the acquisitions group at JMB Realty.
Mr. Dishner received a B.S. degree in economics from the Wharton School of Finance at the University of Pennsylvania and an MBA from Dartmouth College’s Amos Tuck School, where he serves on the Advisory Board.

Laura M. Rubin
 Managing Director and Head of Portfolio Management
 Starwood Capital Group
Laura Rubin is a Managing Director and Head of Portfolio Management at Starwood Capital Group, with responsibility for asset management reporting, operations and special projects at the Firm. She is a member of the Firm’s Investment Committee.
Prior to joining Starwood Capital in 2002, Ms. Rubin was a Vice President in Goldman Sachs & Co.’s real estate investment banking division, where she worked on both principal and brokerage transactions. She also worked at JMB Realty and Urban Development Corp. in Chicago in the mid-1980s.
Ms. Rubin holds a B.S. degree, summa cum laude, in economics from the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania and an MBA from the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University.

Christopher D. Graham
Senior Managing Director and Head of Real Estate Acquisitions for the Americas
Starwood Capital Group
Christopher Graham is a Senior Managing Director at Starwood Capital Group, where he supervises the Firm’s investments in the Americas. In this role, Mr. Graham is responsible for originating, structuring, underwriting and closing investments in all property types. He is also a member of the Firm’s Investment Committee.
Prior to joining Starwood Capital in 2002, Mr. Graham worked at CB Richard Ellis in Washington, D.C., where he was Director of the financial consulting group for the Eastern Region of the U.S. Mr. Graham was previously Associate Director, Eastern Region, of CB Richard Ellis’ investment properties group.
Mr. Graham received a BBA degree in finance from James Madison University and an MBA from Harvard Business School.

Mark Deason
Managing Director and Head of U.S. Asset Management
Starwood Capital Group
Mark Deason is a Managing Director and Head of U.S. Asset Management at Starwood Capital Group. In this role, Mr. Deason is responsible for overseeing the asset management of all non-hotel assets, as well as the Firm’s development function in the U.S. While at Starwood Capital, Mr. Deason has participated in investments throughout the capital structure, including commercial, hospitality and residential acquisitions and developments.
Prior to joining Starwood Capital in 2003, Mr. Deason worked for Merrill Lynch in the firm’s real estate investment banking group, assisting West Coast real estate, hospitality and gaming companies with a range of capital origination and M&A activities.
Mr. Deason received a B.A. degree in business economics with a minor in accounting from the University of California, Los Angeles. He is a policy board member at the Fisher Center for Real Estate and Urban Economics, and is a member of the Milken Institute and the Urban Land Institute.

Daniel Yih
Managing Director and Chief Investment Officer – Europe
Starwood Capital Group
Starwood Capital Funds Luxembourg
Daniel Yih is Managing Director and Chief Investment Officer – Europe for Starwood Capital Group and Starwood Capital Funds Luxembourg. In this role, Mr. Yih is responsible for reviewing all acquisition and disposition decisions relating to European investments in Starwood Capital’s funds. He is a member of the Firm’s Investment Committee.
Previously, Mr. Yih was Chief Operating Officer and Chief Administrative Officer of Starwood Capital, as well as the interim CEO of BR Guests Restaurants, a portfolio company of Starwood Capital. Prior to joining Starwood Capital in 2007, Mr. Yih was Chief Operating Officer and a Portfolio Principal of the buyout fund GTCR Golder Rauner. Before that, Mr. Yih was a partner at Zell Chilmark, a buyout fund investing in financially distressed companies. Mr. Yih had other operating experience as Chief Financial Officer at Welbilt Corp., a portfolio company of Kohlberg & Co., where he had been an Associate. Mr. Yih began his career at Kirkland & Ellis, representing equity investors in leveraged buyout transactions and venture capital investments.
Mr. Yih earned a J.D. and MBA from the University of Chicago. He graduated with a B.S. degree in mechanical engineering with distinction from Stanford University. He has served on the NYSE-listed Boards of Directors of Ann Inc. and Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide.

Austin Nowlin
Managing Director and Head of Capital Markets for the Americas
Starwood Capital Group
Austin Nowlin is a Managing Director and Head of Capital Markets for the Americas at Starwood Capital Group. In this role, he is responsible for all debt capital market activities for the Firm’s investments in the Americas, including, the origination, structuring, and execution of asset-level and fund/corporate-level financing activity. Since joining the Firm in 2011, Mr. Nowlin has completed financings across all asset and product types, including revolving credit facilities, domestic and foreign balance sheet loans, construction financing, fixed and floating rate commercial mortgage-backed securities, preferred and mezzanine financing. He is a member of the Investment Committees at Starwood Capital and Starwood Property Trust.
Prior to joining Starwood Capital, Mr. Nowlin worked at Wells Fargo and its predecessor, Wachovia Securities, in leveraged finance. He began his career at Raymond James, where he focused on making equity investments in multifamily assets.
Mr. Nowlin received a B.A. degree in economics from Florida State University.

Carl Tash
Managing Director 
Starwood Capital Group
Carl Tash is a Managing Director at Starwood Capital Group. In this role, he is a member of the Investment Committees for both Starwood Capital and Starwood Property Trust (NYSE: STWD), an affiliate of Starwood Capital that is the largest commercial mortgage REIT in the United States. Mr. Tash also serves as Chief Strategist and Interim Chief Operating Officer at Starwood Retail Partners, a Starwood Capital affiliate that is one of the largest mall operators in the United States. In this role, he works with senior management to review the strategic direction of the retail portfolio, as well as monitors and supervises the acquisition and asset manage­ment of mall and lifestyle center investments.
Mr. Tash has held several senior positions at Starwood Capital and its affiliates, including Chief Credit Officer and Chief Investment Officer of Starwood Capital, chief credit officer of Starwood Property Trust, and Managing Director of a num­ber of Luxembourg and other non-U.S. entities of Starwood Capital funds. Prior to joining Starwood Capital in 2011, he founded Cliffwood Partners LLC, a real estate securities investment firm, and served as CEO and Chief Investment Officer for 15 years. Before that, Mr. Tash spent 12 years with JMB and its affiliates. At the time of his departure in 1991, he was President of JMB’s investment subsidiary, JMB Institutional Realty Corp., and had a strategic, senior role with JMB’s retail development subsidiary. While at JMB, Mr. Tash was also responsible for the acquisition and structuring of more than $5 billion in corporate real estate transactions.
Mr. Tash received a B.S. degree in economics from The Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania and an MBA from Harvard Business School. He currently serves on the Executive Committee of the Wharton Real Estate Center, and is an active member of the International Council of Shopping Centers and the Urban Land Institute.

Tom Bowers
Managing Director and Chief Operating Officer
Starwood Capital Group
Tom Bowers is a Managing Director and Chief Operating Officer of Starwood Capital Group. In this role, Mr. Bowers is responsible for driving Starwood Capital’s priority strategic initiatives and enhancing the operational effectiveness of the Firm’s public and private operating companies and entities. He also serves on the Firm’s Executive and Investment Committees.
Mr. Bowers is a member of the Board of Directors of Starwood Capital portfolio company Opus Bank (NASDAQ: OPB), a leading regional real estate lender, and is a Trustee of Colony Starwood Homes (NYSE: SFR), a Starwood Capital affiliate that is one of the largest publicly traded investors, owners and operators of single-family homes in the U.S.
Mr. Bowers previously served as Head of Corporate Strategy and Development at Starwood Capital. Prior to joining Starwood Capital in 2015, he was Co-Head of Asset and Wealth Management-Americas at Deutsche Bank, where he was responsible for managing the U.S. and Latin American wealth management businesses, and had joint responsibility for the integration of Deutsche Bank’s wealth and institutional asset management businesses in the Americas. In this role, Mr. Bowers was a board member of Deutsche Bank Securities. Mr. Bowers previously held a number of senior roles at Citigroup Private Bank, including Global Chief Operating Officer; Head of Strategy and Corporate Development; COO-Europe, Middle East and Africa; COO-U.S.; and Head of Banking and Structured Lending.
Mr. Bowers holds a B.S. degree in business administration from the Boston University School of Management, and a J.D. and LL.M (taxation) from Boston University School of Law.




Other Senior Executives
Acquisitions

Ethan Bing
Senior Vice President, Acquisitions
Starwood Capital Group
Ethan Bing is a Senior Vice President in the Acquisitions Group at Starwood Capital Group. In this role, Mr. Bing focuses on investments in the United States across multiple sectors, including multifamily, office, retail and student housing. He has been responsible for direct real estate asset investments, corporate acquisitions and purchases of distressed loan pools.
Prior to joining Starwood Capital in 2010, Mr. Bing was a Vice President at Embarcadero Capital Partners and an Associate in the real estate group at Stanford Management Company.
Mr. Bing received a B.A. in economics from Princeton University and an MBA from the Stanford University Graduate School of Business.

Cody Bradshaw
Managing Director, Acquisitions and Asset Management
Starwood Capital Group
Cody Bradshaw is a Managing Director and Head of European Hotels at Starwood Capital Group. In this role, he oversees the Firm’s hospitality acquisition and asset management activities across Europe. His portfolio responsibilities have included numerous North American and European lodging investments, including the Firm’s ownership of Louvre Hotels, the second-largest hotel chain in Europe. He has played a leading role in managing and growing The Principal Hotel Company portfolio that comprises over 40 properties and 6,500 keys across the United Kingdom—highlighted by the brand launch and opening in 2016 of The Principal Manchester, Edinburgh and York.
Prior to joining Starwood Capital in 2011, Mr. Bradshaw served as VP of Acquisitions at Pebblebrook Hotel Trust (NYSE: PEB). Before that, he was the first employee of the Chartres Lodging Group, where he played an integral role in growing the firm over a seven-year period. Mr. Bradshaw began his career at Hyatt Development Corp.
Mr. Bradshaw received a B.S. degree from Cornell University. He co-created the Certified Hotel Asset Manager professional designation program, which launched in 2012, and is the Co-Founder and President of the Hospitality Asset Managers Association of Europe. He is also a member of the International Hotel Investment Council.

Brendan Brogan
Managing Director, Acquisitions
 Starwood Capital Group
Brendan Brogan is a Managing Director at Starwood Capital Group, where he focuses on real estate acquisitions in the Eastern United States, with a concentration in Florida. In this role, Mr. Brogan has been integral in implementing Starwood Capital’s investment strategy in non-performing commercial and residential loans, and currently leads the Firm’s residential debt strategy. He has also spearheaded the Firm’s initiative in the single-family residential space, including acquiring the portfolio of homes and loans that was combined to create Starwood Waypoint Residential Trust (NYSE: SWAY), an affiliate of Starwood Capital that is one of the largest publicly traded investors, owners and operators of single-family homes in the U.S.
Prior to joining Starwood Capital in 2008, Mr. Brogan was a Managing Director in the fixed income division at Bear Stearns, where he worked in the mortgage and derivatives trading area.
Mr. Brogan received a B.A. degree with honors from Harvard College.

Kevin Colket
Managing Director, Acquisitions
Starwood Capital Group
Kevin Colket is a Managing Director and Head of Asian Acquisitions at Starwood Capital Group. In this role, Mr. Colket oversees the Firm’s efforts to expand its presence in the region, with a focus on investments across all real estate asset classes. He previously led Starwood Capital’s hospitality acquisition efforts in Europe.
Prior to joining Starwood Capital in 2007, Mr. Colket worked as Director of Acquisitions and Development for Edinburgh Management, a hotel joint venture with the Bank of Scotland. Before that, Mr. Colket held various finance and investment banking positions at Goldman, Sachs & Co., Bank of Boston (now Bank of America) and Paine Webber (now UBS).
Mr. Colket earned a B.A. degree in economics from Trinity College and an MBA from the Harvard Business School.

Akshay Goyal
Senior Vice President, Hotel Acquisitions
Starwood Capital Group
Akshay Goyal is a Senior Vice President in the Hotel Acquisitions Group at Starwood Capital Group. In this role, he is responsible for sourcing, structuring, underwriting and executing investments in the lodging sector.
Since joining Starwood Capital in 2012, Mr. Goyal has been directly involved in the purchase or equity recapitalization of approximately $7.2 billion of hotel assets globally on behalf of the Firm—including leading the deal team in executing the recapitalization of a $3.3 billion select-service hotel portfolio. He previously served in the real estate investment banking group at Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Mr. Goyal received a B.S. degree in finance and accounting from the University of Maryland, College Park.

Mark B. Keatley
Managing Director, Acquisitions
 Starwood Capital Group
Mark Keatley is a Managing Director in the Acquisitions Group at Starwood Capital Group. In this role, Mr. Keatley is responsible for the origination, underwriting, structuring and execution of investments in a variety of property types, with a geographic focus on the eastern United States. He has been involved in both equity and debt investments involving apartments, office, retail, condos, industrial, hotels and land asset classes.
Prior to joining Starwood Capital in 2005, Mr. Keatley worked in the acquisitions and development group at Tishman Speyer Properties. Before that, he worked as an Associate on the institutional investment sales team at CB Richard Ellis, following his role as an Analyst in the firm’s financial consulting group.
Mr. Keatley received a BBA degree in finance from James Madison University.

Zsolt Kohalmi
Managing Director and Head of European Acquisitions
 Starwood Capital Group
Zsolt Kohalmi is a Managing Director and Head of European Acquisitions at Starwood Capital Group. Mr. Kohalmi brings two decades of pan-European investment experience to this role, in which he oversees the Firm’s efforts to expand its presence on the Continent. He has been instrumental in sourcing and executing a number of successful investments for Starwood Capital’s commercial, hospitality and debt platforms.
Prior to joining Starwood Capital in 2013, Mr. Kohalmi served as Chief Investment Officer at Meyer Bergman, a European retail-focused real estate investment firm that he co-founded. Before that he was a Director at GE Capital, where he acquired financial platforms (banks and mortgage companies), as well as both performing and non-performing asset and loan portfolios across Europe. Mr. Kohalmi previously worked in investment banking with ABN AMRO Hoare Govett.
Mr. Kohalmi, who is fluent in nine languages, holds an M.S. degree in economics from the University of Budapest and an MBA from INSEAD.

Suril Shah
Managing Director, Acquisitions and Asset Management
 Starwood Capital Group
Suril Shah is a Managing Director and Head of U.S. Hotels at Starwood Capital Group. In this role, Mr. Shah oversees the Firm’s hospitality acquisition and asset management activities across the United States. Since June 2011, he has led Starwood Capital’s U.S. Hotel Acquisitions team. Since October 2014, he has also led the Firm’s Select-Service Hotel Asset Management team.
Mr. Shah also serves as President of SH Group, Starwood Capital Group’s hotel brand management company that oversees the development and management of the Firm’s two luxury and lifestyle hotel and residence brands, 1 Hotels and Baccarat Hotels & Resorts. In this role, he oversees the operations of SH Group-managed hotels, including development, sales, finance & accounting and human resources.
After joining Starwood Capital in 2005, Mr. Shah spent three years in Paris as a member of the management team of Groupe du Louvre, which owns, manages and franchises more than 1,000 hotels throughout Europe, in addition to over a dozen luxury hotels. Mr. Shah was previously with Gleacher Partners, where he focused on mergers and acquisitions across all industries.
Mr. Shah received a B.S. degree in management science & engineering from Stanford University. He currently serves on the Boards of Directors of Hersha Hospitality Management and InTown Suites.

Steven Ujvary
Senior Vice President, Acquisitions 
Starwood Capital Group
Steven Ujvary is a Senior Vice President in the Acquisitions Group at Starwood Capital Group. In this role, Mr. Ujvary is responsible for residential mortgage debt strategies, with a focus on non-agency whole loans.
Prior to joining Starwood Capital in 2016, Mr. Ujvary was a Managing Director at Macquarie Group, where he was responsible for mortgage and structured credit investments. Before that, he served in a variety of roles in the New York and Sydney offices of Bank of America Merrill Lynch, where he began his career as an Analyst.
Mr. Ujvary received a B.A. degree in economics and government from Georgetown University.

Asset Management


Robert P. Geimer
 Senior Vice President, Asset Management
 Starwood Capital Group
Robert Geimer is a Senior Vice President at Starwood Asset Management. In this position, Mr. Geimer’s principal responsibilities include playing a senior role on the asset management team for a diverse portfolio of national and international real estate assets. He manages the development and execution of investment and exit strategies, manages resources related to day-to-day decision-making, and plays an integral role in the review and approval of annual business plans with partners and third-party fee managers.
Prior to joining Starwood Capital in 1998, Mr. Geimer was an Asset Manager and Portfolio Controller with Greystone Realty, New York Life Insurance Co.’s real estate management group. Before that, he worked for Compass Retail, a former division of Equitable Real Estate.
Mr. Geimer received a B.S. degree from the West Virginia University School of Business and is a Georgia State CPA.

Ruby Huang
 Senior Vice President, Asset Management
 Starwood Capital Group
Ruby Huang is Senior Vice President of Asset Management at Starwood Capital Group. In this role, she is focused on enhancing the asset value of the Firm’s select-service hotel platform by proactively managing operations and real estate to maximize net cash flow, and executing property improvement plans.
Prior to joining Starwood Capital in 2012, Ms. Huang was Vice President of Asset Management for Och Ziff Real Estate, where she managed the firm’s full-service and select-service hotel portfolio. Before that, Ms. Huang was Vice President of Asset Management for HEI Hotels & Resorts, where she was responsible for the operational oversight of more than 30 full-service hotels. She previously held roles in hospitality investment and asset management with Tishman Hotel & Realty.
Ms. Huang received a B.S. degree in hotel management from Cornell University. She currently serves on the strategic planning committee of the Hospitality Asset Managers Association and has previously served as the organization’s President. She is also a member of the IHG Owners Association, where she participates on various committees supporting the Holiday Inn brand. Ms. Huang serves on the Board of Directors of InTown Suites and is a Certified Hotel Asset Manager.

James Kane
 Senior Vice President, Asset Management
 Starwood Capital Group
James Kane is a Senior Vice President at Starwood Capital Group, where he manages all of the Firm’s multifamily investments. His current asset management duties include overseeing and driving strategy on a diverse portfolio of over 80,000 multifamily units across 15 states. Since 2010, Mr. Kane has disposed of more than $1B billion in multifamily assets.
Prior to joining Starwood Capital in 2004, Mr. Kane worked in the Corporate Advisory Group at Jones Lang LaSalle, where he provided long-term occupancy solutions for Fortune 500 companies.
Mr. Kane received a BBA degree in finance from the University of Georgia and an MBA from the Kenan Flagler Business School at the University of North Carolina. He is a member of the National Multi Housing Council and the Urban Land Institute.

Ash Kapur
Senior Vice President and Chief Revenue Officer of Hospitality
Starwood Capital Group
Ash Kapur is a Senior Vice President and Chief Revenue Officer of Hospitality in the Hotel Asset Management Group at Starwood Capital Group.  In this role, Mr. Kapur is responsible for increasing room revenues for Starwood Capital’s hotel assets in the United States and Europe, with a focus on hotel revenue management, sales, marketing, technology and e-commerce.
Prior to joining Starwood Capital in 2011, Mr. Kapur served as Senior Director of Global Strategic Accounts & Gaming at Expedia. Before that, he served as the Revenue Management & Internet Marketing Manager for hotel assets owned by the Chartres Lodging Group.
Mr. Kapur graduated from the Institute of Hotel Management, Aurangabad in India.  He also received a B.A. degree in economics from Annamalai University in India and a master’s in marketing from Bristol Business School in the United Kingdom.

Dan Schwaegler
 Senior Vice President, Asset Management
 Starwood Capital Group
Dan Schwaegler is a Senior Vice President in the Asset Management Group at Starwood Capital Group. In this role, Mr. Schwaegler manages the Firm’s five-person San Francisco Asset Management team. He is responsible for Starwood Capital’s land portfolio and residential housing across funds, and manages a portfolio of assets valued at more than $1 billion.
Prior to joining Starwood Capital in 2003, Mr. Schwaegler worked in the development area at Avalon Bay. Before that, he served as the South American Regional Manager in the mining practice for global engineering consultancy Montgomery Watson.
Mr. Schwaegler holds an MBA from the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania, an M.S. in civil engineering from the University of Washington, and a B.S. in civil engineering and a B.A., both from the University of Notre Dame.

Adam Shah
Managing Director and Chief Operating Officer, Europe
 Starwood Capital Group
Adam Shah is a Managing Director and COO, Europe, at Starwood Capital Group. In this role, Mr. Shah oversees the asset management function for the Firm’s European portfolio of non-hotel assets. Previously, Mr. Shah was responsible for the acquisition of single assets (office, retail and industrial), non-performing loan portfolios, portfolios of secondary assets and development projects in Europe. During his time in London, Mr. Shah has formed several joint ventures and platforms to acquire assets in Europe that involved teaming up with operating partners and government-run banking entities.
Prior to relocating from the Firm’s Greenwich, Connecticut headquarters to London in 2012, Mr. Shah played a lead role in several distressed debt and non-performing loan portfolio acquisitions in the United States, as well as provided ongoing management of the assets. In addition, Mr. Shah was active in the acquisition of direct assets and the creation of joint ventures to invest in residential land, multifamily properties and multifamily development. Before joining Starwood Capital in 2006, he worked for six years in engineering, construction and real estate development in both Canada and the United States.
Mr. Shah obtained an M.S. degree in engineering from Queen’s University in Kingston, Canada, and an MBA from the Amos Tuck School of Business at Dartmouth College.

Capital Markets

Nate Bagnaschi
Senior Vice President, Capital Markets
Starwood Capital Group
Nate Bagnaschi is a Senior Vice President in the Capital Markets Group at Starwood Capital Group. In this role, Mr. Bagnaschi is responsible for the origination, structuring and execution of asset-level and fund/corporate-level financing activity for the Firm’s investments in the Americas.
Prior to joining Starwood Capital in 2016, Mr. Bagnaschi served as head of the capital markets group at Garrison Investment Group, where he was responsible for structuring real estate, distressed debt and fund-level financings. Before that, he was an Associate in the asset management and special servicing group at Gramercy Capital, where was responsible for managing a portfolio of whole loans, secured B-notes and mezzanine loan positions within the firm’s finance business. Mr. Bagnaschi previously worked in the real estate finance and securitization group at Credit Suisse.
Mr. Bagnaschi received a B.A. degree in international relations, with minors in economics and Hispanic studies, from the University of Pennsylvania.

Duncan MacPherson
Managing Director and Head of Debt for Europe
Starwood Capital Group
Duncan MacPherson is a Managing Director and Head of Debt for Europe for Starwood Capital Group. In this role, Mr. MacPherson is responsible for all debt capital markets activities for Starwood Capital in Europe, including financing, foreign exchange and interest rate hedging for the Firm’s European investments. He is also responsible for originating, executing and managing debt investments for Starwood Property Trust and Starwood European Real Estate Finance.
Prior to joining Starwood Capital in 2012, Mr. MacPherson spent six years at Citigroup, where he served as a Director on the commercial real estate finance team in London. Before that, he held a number of roles at Barclays Capital, including trading bond options on the exotic interest rate derivatives desk, and developing real-timing pricing and risk systems for the firm’s electronic trading platform.
Mr. MacPherson received a B.S. degree in physics from the University of Edinburgh and an M.S. in information technology systems from the University of Strathclyde.

Compliance

Matthew S. Guttin
 Chief Compliance Officer
 Starwood Capital Group
Matthew Guttin is the Chief Compliance Officer at Starwood Capital Group, where he is responsible for overseeing the Firm’s regulatory and compliance program.
Before joining Starwood Capital in 2010, Mr. Guttin practiced corporate finance and real estate law at Cahill Gordon & Reindel, LLP, Fried, Frank, Harris Shriver & Jacobson, LLP and DiSanto LLP. Mr. Guttin is an employee of Rinaldi, Finkelstein & Franklin, L.L.C., Starwood Capital’s lead outside counsel.
Mr. Guttin earned his B.S. degree from the University of Rochester and his J.D. from Georgetown University Law Center. He is licensed to practice law in New York and Connecticut, and holds the Series 7 and Series 24 licenses.

Design

Kemper Hyers
 Senior Vice President and Head of Design
 Starwood Capital Group
Kemper Hyers is Senior Vice President of Design at Starwood Capital Group. In this role, he is responsible for design direction and the execution of renovation projects for Starwood Capital assets, and is involved in the implementation of new brands launched by the Firm. He has contributed to the development of the luxury hotel and lifestyle brands 1 Hotels and Baccarat Hotels & Resorts, both of which were launched in 2015, as well as the Postcard Inn, ST Residential portfolio and numerous restaurants and hotels around the world.
Prior to joining Starwood Capital in 2007, Mr. Hyers served as Vice President of Design for the Le Méridien and Sheraton brands at Starwood Hotels, with responsibility for all aspects of design for these brands. Before that, he served as Style Director for Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia. He previously managed design for all direct marketing channels at Crate and Barrel, and ran his own interior design firm, Edward Kemper Design.
Mr. Hyers received a B.A. degree in architecture and architectural history, with honors, from Columbia University.

Global Capital Raising and Investor Relations

James K. Broder
 Director, Global Capital Raising and Investor Relations
 Starwood Capital Group
James Broder is a Director in Starwood Capital Group’s Global Capital Raising and Investor Relations Group, where he is responsible for targeted regions and investors.
Prior to joining Starwood Capital in 2012, Mr. Broder spent 15 years as a Senior Managing Director in Fixed Income at Bear Stearns, with a focus on institutional rate sales. After Bear Stearns’ takeover in 2008, he moved to Deutsche Bank, where he served as a Managing Director in Fixed Income, in middle market sales. He subsequently served as a Managing Director at Pierpont Securities.
Mr. Broder holds a B.A. degree from George Washington University’s International Business School.

Michael Lefton
Managing Director, Global Capital Raising 
Starwood Capital Group
Michael Lefton is a Managing Director in Starwood Capital Group’s Global Capital Raising and Investor Relations Group, where he is responsible for targeted regions and investors. Mr. Lefton previously served in a variety of roles at Starwood Capital from 2004–15, most recently as a Director in Global Capital Raising and Investor Relations. Prior to 2013, he was a Vice President on the Firm’s Acquisitions team, where he executed both equity and debt acquisitions through various investment vehicles, across asset classes and geographic regions.
Prior to rejoining Starwood Capital in 2017, Mr. Lefton was a Managing Director on the investment team at Cadre, a real estate technology platform, and also served on the company’s investment committee.
Mr. Lefton holds a B.S. in economics from the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania.

John McCarthy
Managing Director, Global Capital Raising 
 Starwood Capital Group
John McCarthy is a Managing Director, Global Capital Raising, in Starwood Capital Group’s Global Capital Raising and Investor Relations Group. In this role, Mr. McCarthy is responsible for managing and expanding relationships with targeted investors around the world for existing and future Starwood Capital investment initiatives. Mr. McCarthy previously served as Starwood Capital’s Global Head of Asset Management from 2009–2012, during which time he was also a member of the Firm’s Investment Committee.
Prior to rejoining Starwood Capital in 2015, Mr. McCarthy was a Senior Portfolio Manager and Deputy Head of Europe for the Abu Dhabi Investment Authority (ADIA). In this role, he was responsible for European real estate investing and asset management teams, and served as a member of the organization’s Executive and Global Strategy committees. Before his initial tenure with Starwood Capital, Mr. McCarthy was Global Co-Head of Asset Management for Lehman Brothers Real Estate Private Equity, based in London. Prior to joining Lehman, Mr. McCarthy was a Partner at O’Connor Capital Partners, Co-Head of O’Connor’s European business and Head of European Asset Management. Mr. McCarthy previously worked for 17 years at GE Capital, where he held a variety of positions—including managing the firm’s real estate investing activities across Central Europe and serving as CIO for the Midwest Region in the U.S.
Mr. McCarthy received a B.S. degree in finance from the University of Connecticut, and an MBA with a concentration in accounting from Fordham University.

Lanhee C. Yung
 Managing Director, Global Capital Raising and Investor Relations
 Starwood Capital Group
Lanhee Yung is the Managing Director of Global Fundraising in Starwood Capital Group’s Global Capital Raising and Investor Relations Group. In this role, she is responsible for raising capital globally on behalf of the Firm’s private investment funds and co-investments, including real estate, energy infrastructure and hedge funds.
Prior to joining Starwood Capital in 2010, Ms. Yung was Head of Investor Relations & Fundraising for the CIM Group, where she raised private equity real estate and infrastructure funds. Before that, Ms. Yung was an Associate Director, Real Estate Private Equity Fundraising at UBS, sourcing equity from U.S. and European investors. She was previously with GLA Hotels, where she focused on business development and strategy. She started her career at Merrill Lynch as an Analyst and Associate in the firm’s investment bank.
Ms. Yung graduated from the Cornell University School of Hotel Administration and earned her MBA from ESSEC/Cornell University. She currently serves on the Executive Board of the Association of Foreign Investors in Real Estate (AFIRE), as Director of Programs and was Founder of Young AFIRE, the Cornell University Hotel Society Board, the Advisory Board of the Cornell University Center for Real Estate Finance, the Luminaires, the Pension Real Estates Association (PREA) Reporting and Valuation Committee, the PREA Young Leaders Steering Committee and the Board of Women in Real Estate.

Operations

James Allen
Managing Director and Fund Chief Financial Officer
 Starwood Capital Group
James Allen is a Managing Director and Fund Chief Financial Officer at Starwood Capital Group. In this role, he is responsible for all fund financial operations and reporting for the Firm.
Prior to joining Starwood Capital in 2010, Mr. Allen was the Director and CFO of the DLJ Real Estate Capital Partners Group. In this role, he was responsible for all finance, accounting, investor reporting, tax, treasury and compliance activities for the firm’s funds. Before that, Mr. Allen was the Director and Controller for UBS Real Estate Asset Management Group. Mr. Allen began his career at Ernst & Young, where he was an audit manager in the firm’s New York financial services office, with a specialization in real estate.
Mr. Allen earned a B.S. degree in business from Fordham University. He is a CPA, and a member of the American Institute of CPAs and New York State Society of CPAs.

Nick Antonopoulos
Senior Vice President and Management Company Chief Financial Officer
Starwood Capital Group
Nick Antonopoulos is a Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Management Company at Starwood Capital Group. In this role, he is responsible for corporate-level operations and financial reporting.  Mr. Antonopoulos previously served as Management Company Controller at the Firm.
Prior to joining Starwood Capital in 2009, Mr. Antonopoulos was responsible for evaluating potential investments and overseeing the integration of new acquisitions at Athena Real Estate. Before that, he supported the various operational and reporting needs of the investment banking group at Bear Stearns.
Mr. Antonopoulos holds a B.S. degree in finance from Fairfield University.

Sarah Broughton
Senior Vice President
Starwood Capital Group
Sarah Broughton is a Senior Vice President who coordinates Starwood Capital Group’s internal financial functions in Europe, including tax, reporting and accounting, and oversees the Firm’s U.K. human resources. She also spearheads the operations and investor reporting for Starwood European Real Estate Finance (LSE: SWEF) and its related co-investment partner.
Since joining Starwood Capital in 2007, Ms. Broughton has played a key role in the asset management of a diverse portfolio of assets throughout Europe—including spending two years in Paris as a member of Groupe du Louvre’s management team. She previously spent five years as a Financial Reporting Manager for Whitbread Plc. Ms. Broughton began her career at Andersen and qualified as a Chartered Accountant in 2001.
Ms. Broughton earned a first-class honors degree in economics from Brunel University. She is a member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of England and Wales, as well as the Securities Institute.

Dawne Cohn
Senior Vice President and Head of Human Resources
Starwood Capital Group
Dawne Cohn is a Senior Vice President and Head of Human Resources at Starwood Capital Group. In this role, she is responsible for the global human resources function for the Firm, including overseeing performance management, recruitment, compensation and employee benefits.
Prior to joining Starwood Capital in 2015, Ms. Cohn was Head of Human Resources for Point72 Asset Management, a family office focused primarily on investing in long/short equities. Before that, she was a Vice President in Human Resources at JP Morgan Chase, where she held roles in compensation and HRIS in the corporate and investment banking divisions of the firm. She began her career as an HR Associate at AT&T Capital Corp.
Ms. Cohn received an MBA and B.A. in psychology from Rutgers University.

Daniel Jackson
Chief Technology Officer
Starwood Capital Group
Daniel Jackson is a Senior Vice President and Chief Technology Officer at Starwood Capital Group. In this role, he directs Starwood Capital’s technology strategy, and has global responsibility for all IT initiatives and platforms for the Firm and its affiliates.
Prior to joining Starwood Capital in 2012, Mr. Jackson served as SVP of Technology Services for Highbridge Capital Management, JP Morgan’s alternative investment manager. Before that, he led the engineering, market data and trading floor technologies teams at SAC Capital Advisors. Mr. Jackson began his career in technology while serving as a tactical electronic warfare analyst/cryptanalyst with the U.S. Army.


Affiliates and OperatingCompanies


SH Group
Suril Shah
President
SH Group
Suril Shah is President of SH Group, Starwood Capital Group’s hotel brand management company that oversees the development and management of the Firm’s two luxury and lifestyle hotel and residence brands, 1 Hotels and Baccarat Hotels & Resorts. In this role, Mr. Shah oversees the operations of SH Group-managed hotels, including development, sales, finance & accounting and human resources.
Mr. Shah also serves as a Managing Director and Head of U.S. Hotels at Starwood Capital Group. In this role, he oversees the Firm’s hospitality acquisition and asset management activities across the United States. Since June 2011, Mr. Shah has led Starwood Capital’s U.S. Hotel Acquisitions team. Since October 2014, he has also led the Firm’s Select-Service Hotel Asset Management team.
After joining Starwood Capital in 2005, Mr. Shah spent three years in Paris as a member of the management team of Groupe du Louvre, which owns, manages and franchises more than 1,000 hotels throughout Europe, in addition to over a dozen luxury hotels. Mr. Shah was previously with Gleacher Partners, where he focused on mergers and acquisitions across all industries.
Mr. Shah received a B.S. degree in management science & engineering from Stanford University. He currently serves on the Boards of Directors of Hersha Hospitality Management and InTown Suites.


Starwood Energy Group

Madison F. Grose
Vice Chairman, General Counsel and Senior Managing Director 
Starwood Energy Group
Madison Grose serves as Vice Chairman, General Counsel and a Senior Managing Director of Starwood Energy Group, an affiliate of Starwood Capital Group that specializes in energy infrastructure investments, where he is currently focusing most of his time. He is also a Senior Managing Director and Co-General Counsel of Starwood Capital Group, and sits on the Firm’s Executive Committee. In addition, Mr. Grose served as a Trustee or Director of Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide (NYSE: HOT) from 1994 until 2001, and as a Director of iStar Financial (NYSE: STAR), from 1999 until 2003.
Prior to joining Starwood Capital in 1992, Mr. Grose was a Senior and Founding Partner with Pircher, Nichols & Meeks, a law firm specializing in complex real estate-related transactions.
Mr. Grose holds a B.A. degree with distinction and highest departmental honors from Stanford University, and a J.D. from UCLA School of Law, where he served as the Chief Comment Editor of the UCLA Law Review.

Bradford T. Nordholm
Senior Managing Director and Co-Head
Starwood Energy Group
Brad Nordholm is a Senior Managing Director and Co-Head of Starwood Energy Group, an affiliate of Starwood Capital Group that specializes in energy infrastructure investments. In this role, Mr. Nordholm is responsible for leadership of the business, including strategic direction, tactical execution, organizational development and investor relations. Mr. Nordholm also serves as a Director of Starwood Energy’s portfolio companies and as a member of its Investment Committee. Since joining Starwood Energy as its first CEO in 2006, Mr. Nordholm has overseen the completion of approximately two-dozen highly structured investments in power generation and transmission projects in North America, with aggregate enterprise value of approximately $4 billion.
Mr. Nordholm was previously Co-Founder and CEO of Tyr Energy, Inc., an asset management firm focused on power generation assets, and, concurrently, was Co-Founder and Chairman of Tyr Capital, LLC, a private equity investment fund. Before that, Mr. Nordholm served as General Manager of Aquila, where he was responsible for the development, acquisition, management and optimization of power generation, gas storage and gas transportation assets, and as CEO of U.S. Central, a $36 billion wholesale financial services company.
Mr. Nordholm received B.A. degree in economics from Carleton College, where he currently serves as a Trustee, and completed the Program for Management Development at Harvard Business School.

Himanshu Saxena
Senior Managing Director and Co-Head
Starwood Energy Group
Himanshu Saxena is a Senior Managing Director and Co-Head of Starwood Energy Group, an affiliate of Starwood Capital Group that specializes in energy infrastructure investments. In this role, Mr. Saxena is responsible for supervision of Starwood Energy’s investment program and strategy, as well as overall management of the business. Mr. Saxena sits on both the Investment Committee and the boards of portfolio companies, and is responsible for the development and management of the investment team. In addition, he maintains responsibilities for origination, structuring, execution, monitoring and exiting investments across the energy industry. Mr. Saxena has led the acquisition and development of approximately 4,500 MW of power generation and transmission projects in North America, with an aggregate enterprise value of approximately $5 billion.
Prior to joining Starwood Energy Group in 2008, Mr. Saxena was an investment banker with JPMorgan’s global energy and utilities group, where he advised on more than $10 billion in transactions. Before that, Mr. Saxena worked at American Electric Power, where he focused on managing financial risks in the power trading business and on optimizing a power generation portfolio. Mr. Saxena was previously a Chemical Engineer at industrial gas company Praxair, where he filed for several patents.
Mr. Saxena earned an MBA from Duke University, where he was a Fuqua Scholar, an M.S. degree in chemical engineering from Cornell University, and a Bachelor’s of Technology degree in chemical engineering from the Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) in Bombay, India. He currently serves on the Advisory Board at Cornell University’s Program in Infrastructure Policy (CPIP).

David Arbia
Chief Financial Officer 
Starwood Energy Group
David Arbia is the CFO of Starwood Energy Group, an affiliate of Starwood Capital Group that specializes in energy infrastructure investments. In this role, he is responsible for financial reporting, tax compliance, cash management and financial diligence on prospective investments.
Prior to joining Starwood Energy in 2013, Mr. Arbia served as the Controller of Credit Suisse USA subsidiary Asset Management Finance LLC, where he oversaw an investment portfolio consisting of $700 million in assets. Before that, Mr. Arbia was an Audit Manager in the financial services division at Deloitte & Touche LLP.
Mr. Arbia received a B.S. degree with honors in accounting and finance from the State University of New York at New Paltz, where he graduated magna cum laude. He is also a Certified Public Accountant.


Starwood Land Ventures

Mike Moser
CEO 
Starwood Land Ventures
Mike Moser is Chief Executive Officer of Starwood Land Ventures, a Starwood Capital Group-affiliated real estate investment firm that specializes in residential land development. In this role, Mr. Moser is responsible for managing the consolidated operations of Starwood Land Ventures. Mr. Moser has led the firm in the acquisition of land valued at more than $200 million over the last nine years.
Prior to joining Starwood Land Ventures in 2007, Mr. Moser spent nearly 13 years at Taylor Woodrow, a U.K.-based homebuilder, where he served as Division President of the U.S. Tower Division and Southeast homebuilding operations.
Mr. Moser received a B.S. degree in business administration from Midwestern State University in Wichita Falls, TX. He holds Florida Broker’s and Community Association Manager’s licenses, and is a member of the PGA of America.


Starwood Oil & Gas

Russell Bennett
Managing Director 
Starwood Oil & Gas
Russell Bennett is a Managing Director and Head of Oil & Gas at Starwood Capital Group, with responsibility for leading the Firm’s expansion into the oil & gas sector. In November 2013, Mr. Bennett closed Starwood Capital’s first investment in the industry—a $35 million investment in Northeast Natural Energy. In June 2015, Mr. Bennett led a $110 million investment in EagleRidge Energy.
Prior to joining Starwood Capital in 2013, Mr. Bennett worked as an investment professional at Metalmark from 2004 to 2013. During his tenure there, Mr. Bennett played an active role in 15 investments, including portfolio add-on acquisitions. Mr. Bennett has served as a member of Northeast Natural Energy’s Board of Directors from 2010 to present and has served as Chairman of EagleRidge Energy since June 2015. He began his career in the leverage finance and private equity coverage groups at JPMorgan.
Mr. Bennett received a B.S. degree in economics from Northwestern University.


Starwood Property Trust

Jeffrey F. DiModica
President and Managing Director
Starwood Property Trust
Jeffrey DiModica is President and Managing Director of Starwood Property Trust (NYSE: STWD), an affiliate of Starwood Capital Group that is the largest commercial mortgage REIT in the U.S. In this role, Mr. DiModica manages day-to-day operations and explores new business opportunities for the company, and serves on its Investment Committee. He previously served for five years on Starwood Property Trust’s Board of Directors.
Prior to joining Starwood Property Trust in 2014, Mr. DiModica served as a Managing Director and Head of MBS/ABS/CMBS Sales and Strategy for the Americas at the Royal Bank of Scotland. In this role, he was responsible for the distribution and analysis of mortgage and asset-backed securities to institutional clients. Mr. DiModica previously headed the Boston sales office for RBS/Greenwich Capital. Before that, he sold derivative and MBS products for Merrill Lynch. He began his career in Chemical Bank’s commercial real estate department’s merchant and investment banking division.
Mr. DiModica received a B.S./B.A. degree, with a concentration in finance, from Boston University, and an MBA from Dartmouth College’s Amos Tuck School. He has held the Chartered Financial Analyst designation since 1995.



Rina Paniry
Chief Financial Officer 
Starwood Property Trust
Rina Paniry is Chief Financial Officer of Starwood Property Trust, an affiliate of Starwood Capital Group that is the largest commercial mortgage REIT in the U.S. In this role, she is responsible for all financial and accounting functions for the business. Before being promoted to this role in 2014, Ms. Paniry served as Chief Financial Officer of Starwood Property Trust subsidiary LNR Property LLC, where she led the integration and transition of Starwood Property Trust’s core finance functions—including accounting, treasury, planning and tax—to LNR’s Miami office following Starwood Property Trust’s acquisition of the business in 2013. Ms. Paniry joined LNR in 2006 as Chief Accounting Officer.
Prior to joining LNR, Ms. Paniry spent 11 years at Deloitte & Touche, where she began her career. She worked in numerous roles with increasing responsibility, principally in the real estate industry in the functional areas of audit and mergers & acquisitions.
Ms. Paniry holds a Masters of Accounting from Florida International University and is a Florida CPA.

Andrew J. Sossen
Chief Operating Officer and General Counsel 
Starwood Property Trust
Andrew Sossen is Chief Operating Officer and General Counsel of Starwood Property Trust (NYSE: STWD), an affiliate of Starwood Capital Group that is the largest commercial mortgage REIT in the U.S. In this role, Mr. Sossen is responsible for the day-to-day operations of the business, as well as its capital markets and strategic initiatives. He is also a member of Starwood Property Trust’s Investment Committee.
Prior to joining Starwood Property Trust in 2010, Mr. Sossen served as the General Counsel of KKR Financial Holdings LLC, a publicly traded specialty finance company, and KKR Asset Management, where he was a member of senior management and was involved in both policy and strategic decision-making, as well as in the business’ day-to-day operations. Mr. Sossen’s career began at Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP, where he specialized in capital markets and mergers and acquisitions.
Mr. Sossen received both his B.A. and J.D. degrees from the University of Pennsylvania.


Starwood Retail Partners

Scott Wolstein
CEO 
Starwood Retail Partners
Scott Wolstein is Chief Executive Officer of Starwood Retail Partners, the wholly owned, fully integrated operating platform that oversees Starwood Capital Group’s retail investments. Under Mr. Wolstein’s leadership, Starwood Retail Partners’ portfolio has grown to 21 assets totaling more than 18 million square feet of gross leasable area.
Prior to helping establish Starwood Retail Partners in 2012, Mr. Wolstein served as Chairman and CEO of Developers Diversified Realty since the real estate investment trust’s inception in 1993. During that time, the firm became the world’s largest landlord of power centers and community centers.
Mr. Wolstein holds a B.S. degree in economics from the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania and a J.D. from University of Michigan Law School, both with honors. He has served on the boards of International Council of Shopping Centers, the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts and the Real Estate Roundtable, and has also participated extensively in the Urban Land Institute, the World Economic Forum and the Milken Institute.















 



Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















Starwood Capital Group - Wikipedia






















 






Starwood Capital Group

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Starwood Capital Group




Industry
Private Equity


Founded
Greenwich, Connecticut


Founder
Barry Sternlicht
Robert Faith[1]


Headquarters
United States



Key people

Barry Sternlicht (Chairman and CEO)


Services
Hotels, retail, commercial lending


Website
www.starwoodcapital.com


Starwood Capital Group is an American private investment firm headquartered in Greenwich, Connecticut.[2] The businesses owned by the firm include Starwood Property Trust, Inc., Starwood Energy Group Global, L.L.C., Starwood Real Estate Securities, L.L.C., and SH Group. It was co-founded by Barry Sternlicht and Robert Faith in 1991.[1]



Contents


1 History
2 See also
3 References
4 External links



History[edit]
In 2000, Starwood Capital exited its investment in Starwood Hotels & Resorts, Inc. In 2003, the company exited its investment in iStar Financial, Inc.[3][4]
In 2005, it acquired Groupe du Louvre, which owns crystal maker Baccarat.
In 2009, a consortium led by Starwood Capital bought 40 percent of the loan portfolio of Corus Bank, a failed company.[5] In 2010 Starwood Capital Group lost an auction to buy Extended Stay Hotels to Centerbridge Partners. Starwood filed an objection against the sale to Centerbridge with the bankruptcy court in Manhattan.[6]
On July 12, 2010, Riviera Holdings –  owners of the Riviera hotel and casino in Las Vegas, Nevada; and Riviera Black Hawk in Black Hawk, Colorado –  filed a Chapter 11 bankruptcy petition in Las Vegas together with a reorganization plan, under which secured lenders, led by Starwood Capital Group, would receive new debt and stock.
In 2012, the company began construction on a chain of hotels under the name of Baccarat Hotels and Resorts which will feature crystal chandeliers from Baccarat.[7] The flagship hotel will be in New York City, New York, on the site of the old Donnell Library Center, which it had bought from the 21 Club. Other complexes are scheduled to open in 2014 and 2015 in Dubai, United Arab Emirates; Rabat, Morocco; Carthage, Tunisia; Marrakech, Morocco; and Foshan, Shanghai; and Tianjin, China.[8]
Also in 2012, Starwood partnered with Toll Brothers to develop the Pierhouse at Brooklyn Bridge Park[9] in Brooklyn[10] for US$280,000,000.
In December 2013, Starwood bought properties from the Swedish retail group Kooperativa Förbundet for 3.9 billion Swedish kronor, or $593.3 million.[11] The seven prime location retail parks and shopping gallerias are located in Stockholm, Gothenburg, Malmö, and Uppsala in Sweden.[11]
Between 2013 and 2014, Starwood acquired three British hospitality groups: De Vere Group (GB£232 million),[12] Four-Pillars Hotels (GB£90 million)[13] and Principal Hayley Group (GB£360 million).[14]
In February 2014, in a 1-for-5 stock distribution, Starwood Property Trust spun off Starwood Waypoint Residential Trust, a single-family rental real estate investment trust.[15] In January 2016, SWRT was merged with Colony American Homes in a $7.7 billion merger, creating the Colony Starwood Homes REIT (NYSE:SFR).[16]
On 26 March 2014 Starwood Capital became an indirect minority shareholder of A.S. Roma (9.36%), through purchasing 20% shares of AS Roma SPV; AS Roma SPV was the direct major shareholder of NEEP Roma Holding (60%); NEEP Roma Holding was the major shareholder of AS Roma SpA (78.038%).[17]
In the summer of 2014, Starwood purchased 7 upscale malls from Taubman Centers for a total of $1.4 billion. The malls are located in Virginia, Florida, North Carolina, Texas, and Michigan.[18]
The firm agreed to terms to acquire 23,262 apartment units from Equity Residential. The deal, valued at $5.365 billion, was planned to close in Q1 2016. The apartments were spread across five states in 72 communities. Starwood is purchasing the portfolio unencumbered.[19]
See also[edit]


Companies portal
Connecticut portal



List of Connecticut companies
Belden Village Mall
Belmar (Lakewood)
Blue Back Square
Capital Mall
Chicago Ridge Mall
Franklin Park Mall
Gateway Mall (Lincoln, Nebraska)
Great Northern Mall (Ohio)
Kitsap Mall
Louis Joliet Mall
Northridge Mall
Parkway Plaza
Plaza West Covina
Rimrock Mall
Solano Town Center
Southlake Mall (Indiana)
SouthPark Mall (Strongsville, Ohio)
Stony Point Fashion Park
Westland Mall (Hialeah)
The Promenade Bolingbrook
Fairlane Town Center
MacArthur Center
Metreon
Northlake Mall (Charlotte, North Carolina)
The Mall at Partridge Creek
The Mall at Wellington Green
The Shops at Willow Bend
The Arboretum of South Barrington


References[edit]


^ a b Rosta, Paul, "Bob Faith’s Mission to Buy, Build, Manage Drives Greystar", October 18, 2012. Faith went on in 1993 to found Greystar Real Estate Partners.
^ "Contact Us." Its chairman and chief executive officer is Barry Sternlicht. Starwood Capital Group. Retrieved June 28, 2010.
^ "Starwood Businesses: Past and Present". Starwood Capital Group. Retrieved June 28, 2010.
^ Staff (July 13, 2010). "Riviera Bankruptcy May Put Starwood in Control". The News-Times. Retrieved July 17, 2013.
^ Magin, James L. (October 6, 2009). "Starwood Capital Takes Over Failed Corus". Pacific Business News Retrieved July 17, 2013.
^ Humer, Caroline (June 15, 2010). "Starwood Fights Extended Stay Sale to Centerbridge". Reuters. Retrieved July 17, 2013.
^ Karmin, Craig; Hudson, Kris (April 24, 2012). "Starwood's Crystal Vision". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved July 17, 2013.
^ Baccarat Hotels website.
^ "Pierhouse at Brooklyn Bridge Park". Retrieved 2014-05-14. 
^ "Your Brooklyn Bridge Park Yuppie Overlords Got The Deal Of The Century". Gothamist. Retrieved 2014-05-14. 
^ a b Young, Vicki M. (27 December 2013). "Starwood Capital Acquires Swedish Retail Properties". WWD. Retrieved 27 December 2013. 
^ "Exclusive: De Vere Venues CEO Tony Dangerfield steps down". Conference News. 11 July 2014. Retrieved 10 January 2015. 
^ "Starwood Capital Group buys Four Pillars Hotels". The Caterer. 17 January 2014. Retrieved 10 January 2015. 
^ "Lloyds to sell off hotels in £360m deal". The Telegraph. 28 February 2013. Retrieved 10 January 2015. 
^ "Starwood Property Trust Announces Completion of Spin-Off of Starwood Waypoint Residential Trust". Wall Street Journal MarketWatch. 3 February 2014. Retrieved 5 February 2014. 
^ "Colony Starwood Homes Announces Closing of $7.7 Billion Merger of Starwood Waypoint Residential Trust with Colony American Homes, Creating the Premier Single-Family REIT" (press release), Business Wire, January 05, 2016. Retrieved 2017-01-24.
^ "Starwood Capital Group enters strategic partnership to help develop AS Roma's new stadium campus" (PDF). Starwood Capital. 26 March 2014. Retrieved 14 July 2014. 
^ "Starwood Closes Acquisition of 7 Malls from Taubman for $1.4B". 20 October 2014. Retrieved 9 December 2014. 
^ "Starwood Capital To Buy $5.37 Billion Suburban Multifamily Portfolio from Equity Residential - CoStar Group". www.costar.com. Retrieved 2015-12-08. 


External links[edit]

starwoodcapital.com, the company's official website





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Starwood_Capital_Group&oldid=790751502"					
Categories: Companies based in Fairfield County, ConnecticutGreenwich, ConnecticutInvestment companies of the United StatesPrivately held companies based in ConnecticutHidden categories: Use mdy dates from July 2013Year of establishment missing 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


Français 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 15 July 2017, at 21:15.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Starwood Capital Group - Wikipedia






















 






Starwood Capital Group

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Starwood Capital Group




Industry
Private Equity


Founded
Greenwich, Connecticut


Founder
Barry Sternlicht
Robert Faith[1]


Headquarters
United States



Key people

Barry Sternlicht (Chairman and CEO)


Services
Hotels, retail, commercial lending


Website
www.starwoodcapital.com


Starwood Capital Group is an American private investment firm headquartered in Greenwich, Connecticut.[2] The businesses owned by the firm include Starwood Property Trust, Inc., Starwood Energy Group Global, L.L.C., Starwood Real Estate Securities, L.L.C., and SH Group. It was co-founded by Barry Sternlicht and Robert Faith in 1991.[1]



Contents


1 History
2 See also
3 References
4 External links



History[edit]
In 2000, Starwood Capital exited its investment in Starwood Hotels & Resorts, Inc. In 2003, the company exited its investment in iStar Financial, Inc.[3][4]
In 2005, it acquired Groupe du Louvre, which owns crystal maker Baccarat.
In 2009, a consortium led by Starwood Capital bought 40 percent of the loan portfolio of Corus Bank, a failed company.[5] In 2010 Starwood Capital Group lost an auction to buy Extended Stay Hotels to Centerbridge Partners. Starwood filed an objection against the sale to Centerbridge with the bankruptcy court in Manhattan.[6]
On July 12, 2010, Riviera Holdings –  owners of the Riviera hotel and casino in Las Vegas, Nevada; and Riviera Black Hawk in Black Hawk, Colorado –  filed a Chapter 11 bankruptcy petition in Las Vegas together with a reorganization plan, under which secured lenders, led by Starwood Capital Group, would receive new debt and stock.
In 2012, the company began construction on a chain of hotels under the name of Baccarat Hotels and Resorts which will feature crystal chandeliers from Baccarat.[7] The flagship hotel will be in New York City, New York, on the site of the old Donnell Library Center, which it had bought from the 21 Club. Other complexes are scheduled to open in 2014 and 2015 in Dubai, United Arab Emirates; Rabat, Morocco; Carthage, Tunisia; Marrakech, Morocco; and Foshan, Shanghai; and Tianjin, China.[8]
Also in 2012, Starwood partnered with Toll Brothers to develop the Pierhouse at Brooklyn Bridge Park[9] in Brooklyn[10] for US$280,000,000.
In December 2013, Starwood bought properties from the Swedish retail group Kooperativa Förbundet for 3.9 billion Swedish kronor, or $593.3 million.[11] The seven prime location retail parks and shopping gallerias are located in Stockholm, Gothenburg, Malmö, and Uppsala in Sweden.[11]
Between 2013 and 2014, Starwood acquired three British hospitality groups: De Vere Group (GB£232 million),[12] Four-Pillars Hotels (GB£90 million)[13] and Principal Hayley Group (GB£360 million).[14]
In February 2014, in a 1-for-5 stock distribution, Starwood Property Trust spun off Starwood Waypoint Residential Trust, a single-family rental real estate investment trust.[15] In January 2016, SWRT was merged with Colony American Homes in a $7.7 billion merger, creating the Colony Starwood Homes REIT (NYSE:SFR).[16]
On 26 March 2014 Starwood Capital became an indirect minority shareholder of A.S. Roma (9.36%), through purchasing 20% shares of AS Roma SPV; AS Roma SPV was the direct major shareholder of NEEP Roma Holding (60%); NEEP Roma Holding was the major shareholder of AS Roma SpA (78.038%).[17]
In the summer of 2014, Starwood purchased 7 upscale malls from Taubman Centers for a total of $1.4 billion. The malls are located in Virginia, Florida, North Carolina, Texas, and Michigan.[18]
The firm agreed to terms to acquire 23,262 apartment units from Equity Residential. The deal, valued at $5.365 billion, was planned to close in Q1 2016. The apartments were spread across five states in 72 communities. Starwood is purchasing the portfolio unencumbered.[19]
See also[edit]


Companies portal
Connecticut portal



List of Connecticut companies
Belden Village Mall
Belmar (Lakewood)
Blue Back Square
Capital Mall
Chicago Ridge Mall
Franklin Park Mall
Gateway Mall (Lincoln, Nebraska)
Great Northern Mall (Ohio)
Kitsap Mall
Louis Joliet Mall
Northridge Mall
Parkway Plaza
Plaza West Covina
Rimrock Mall
Solano Town Center
Southlake Mall (Indiana)
SouthPark Mall (Strongsville, Ohio)
Stony Point Fashion Park
Westland Mall (Hialeah)
The Promenade Bolingbrook
Fairlane Town Center
MacArthur Center
Metreon
Northlake Mall (Charlotte, North Carolina)
The Mall at Partridge Creek
The Mall at Wellington Green
The Shops at Willow Bend
The Arboretum of South Barrington


References[edit]


^ a b Rosta, Paul, "Bob Faith’s Mission to Buy, Build, Manage Drives Greystar", October 18, 2012. Faith went on in 1993 to found Greystar Real Estate Partners.
^ "Contact Us." Its chairman and chief executive officer is Barry Sternlicht. Starwood Capital Group. Retrieved June 28, 2010.
^ "Starwood Businesses: Past and Present". Starwood Capital Group. Retrieved June 28, 2010.
^ Staff (July 13, 2010). "Riviera Bankruptcy May Put Starwood in Control". The News-Times. Retrieved July 17, 2013.
^ Magin, James L. (October 6, 2009). "Starwood Capital Takes Over Failed Corus". Pacific Business News Retrieved July 17, 2013.
^ Humer, Caroline (June 15, 2010). "Starwood Fights Extended Stay Sale to Centerbridge". Reuters. Retrieved July 17, 2013.
^ Karmin, Craig; Hudson, Kris (April 24, 2012). "Starwood's Crystal Vision". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved July 17, 2013.
^ Baccarat Hotels website.
^ "Pierhouse at Brooklyn Bridge Park". Retrieved 2014-05-14. 
^ "Your Brooklyn Bridge Park Yuppie Overlords Got The Deal Of The Century". Gothamist. Retrieved 2014-05-14. 
^ a b Young, Vicki M. (27 December 2013). "Starwood Capital Acquires Swedish Retail Properties". WWD. Retrieved 27 December 2013. 
^ "Exclusive: De Vere Venues CEO Tony Dangerfield steps down". Conference News. 11 July 2014. Retrieved 10 January 2015. 
^ "Starwood Capital Group buys Four Pillars Hotels". The Caterer. 17 January 2014. Retrieved 10 January 2015. 
^ "Lloyds to sell off hotels in £360m deal". The Telegraph. 28 February 2013. Retrieved 10 January 2015. 
^ "Starwood Property Trust Announces Completion of Spin-Off of Starwood Waypoint Residential Trust". Wall Street Journal MarketWatch. 3 February 2014. Retrieved 5 February 2014. 
^ "Colony Starwood Homes Announces Closing of $7.7 Billion Merger of Starwood Waypoint Residential Trust with Colony American Homes, Creating the Premier Single-Family REIT" (press release), Business Wire, January 05, 2016. Retrieved 2017-01-24.
^ "Starwood Capital Group enters strategic partnership to help develop AS Roma's new stadium campus" (PDF). Starwood Capital. 26 March 2014. Retrieved 14 July 2014. 
^ "Starwood Closes Acquisition of 7 Malls from Taubman for $1.4B". 20 October 2014. Retrieved 9 December 2014. 
^ "Starwood Capital To Buy $5.37 Billion Suburban Multifamily Portfolio from Equity Residential - CoStar Group". www.costar.com. Retrieved 2015-12-08. 


External links[edit]

starwoodcapital.com, the company's official website





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Starwood_Capital_Group&oldid=790751502"					
Categories: Companies based in Fairfield County, ConnecticutGreenwich, ConnecticutInvestment companies of the United StatesPrivately held companies based in ConnecticutHidden categories: Use mdy dates from July 2013Year of establishment missing 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


Français 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 15 July 2017, at 21:15.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 











Home - Starwood Capital


















Home - Starwood Capital













































								To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video




Starwood Capital



© 2017 Starwood Capital Group | Disclaimer










 




STARWOOD CAPITAL GROUP MANAGEMENT, L.L.C. Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      STARWOOD CAPITAL GROUP MANAGEMENT, L.L.C.
                    

•   GREENWICH, CT
                          • Investment Advisor
                          • Hedge Fund
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Starwood Capital Group Management is based out of Greenwich.   Their last reported 13F filing for Q1 2017 included $161,790,000 in managed 13F securities
    and a top 10 holdings concentration of 100.0%. Starwood Capital Group Management's largest holding is OPUS BANK with shares held of 3,390,250.   WhaleWisdom has at least 32 13F filings in our database for Starwood Capital Group Management. 
                                           














Summary
13F Holdings
Ind. Managers
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)



                Download 13F Summary to Excel
              


                    Download 13F Summary to Excel
                  


   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from STARWOOD CAPITAL GROUP MANAGEMENT, L.L.C., enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel















03/31/2017
Top Buys




Name% Change







03/31/2017
Top Sells





Name% Change


TPH
         
         Tri-Pointe Homes, Inc.
38.843%


CZR
         
         Caesars Entertainme...
5.8%







03/31/2017
13F Holdings Summary




Stock% Port


OPB
                                                  
                                                  OPUS BANK
42.2239%


BEL
                                                  
                                                  Belmond Ltd.
33.4675%


CACQ
                                                  
                                                  Caesars Acq
24.3087%

See All Holdings






03/31/2017
13F Activity




Market Value
                        $161.79 Million

                        Prior Market Value
                        $354.238 Million
New Purchases0 stocks
Additional Purchases0 stocks
Sold out of2 stocks
Reduced holdings in0 stocks
Top 10 Holdings %100.00%
Turnover %
                        [1]:66.67%
Turnover Alt %
                    [2]:97.75%
Time Held Top20:7.00 quarters
Time Held Top10:7.00 quarters
Time Held All:7.00 quarters

[1]:
                  Turnover is calculated by taking the # of new holdings (initial purchases) + the # of positions sold out of (not just reduced) divided by the total # of holdings for the quarter.
                
[2]:
                  Alt Turnover is calculated by taking either the total MV of new purchases or
                   the MV of securities sold, whichever is less,
                   divided by the total MV of the fund.
                






03/31/2017
13F Sector Allocation Over Time











Fund Metrics

You are limited to the prior 8 quarters of 13F filings.
            Subscribe to WhaleWisdom to view all filing data
            for STARWOOD CAPITAL GROUP MANAGEMENT, L.L.C.






Portfolio Performance
                    Top 20 equal-weighted holdings. Last updated
                      on 2017-07-20 



Performance
                      for Q1 2017:
                    
8.49%


Performance Last 4 Quarters:
18.25%





Performance Metrics




Stdev (5-yrs):
Subscription required
BETA (5-yrs):
Subscription required
ALPHA (3-yrs):
Subscription required


Max Drawdown (all-years):
Subscription required
Annualized Perf (3-yrs):

                          Subscription required
                        
Batting Avg vs S&P. (3-yrs):
Subscription required


Sortino (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Stutzer (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Treynor (3-yrs):
Subscription required


Sterling (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Calmar (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Information Ratio (3-yrs):
Subscription required


Tracking Error (3 yrs):

                          Subscription required
                        
Stdev Down (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Winning Months %:
Subscription required


Losing Months %:
Subscription required
Best 12 Months:
Subscription required
Worst 12 Months:

                          Subscription required
                        


Efficiency Ratio (3-yrs):

                          Subscription required
                        
Sharpe:
Subscription required
Stdev Sectors:
Subscription required


Skewness (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Kurtosis (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Upside Potential (3-yrs):
Subscription required





















Backtester

Use WhaleWisdom's Backtester tool to test how a hypothetical portfolio would have performed with different
        investment strategies. Research one or more filers' performance and then optimize their portfolios to match your
        own investment goals.
Start with one of our predefined groups or create your own.
        View the
        Backtesting Whitepaper
        and the Getting Started page for
        additional help.
      



Take a Tour

           Save Changes to Tracked Backtest
Saving......

GENERATE
      REPORT
At least
      one fund must be selected before running a backtest
    
{{InvalidConfiguration()}}


    {{ErrorMessage}}
  

    "Top # Holding(s) by Dollar Value from each fund's holdings"
    and
    "Top # Holding(s) by Percent Ownership from each fund's holdings"
    are not available when using WhaleScore Filers.
  


Backtester

Use WhaleWisdom's Backtester tool to test how a hypothetical portfolio would have performed with different
        investment strategies. Research one or more filers' performance and then optimize their portfolios to match your
        own investment goals.
View the
        Backtesting Whitepaper
        and the Getting Started page for
        additional help.



GENERATE
      REPORT


    {{ErrorMessage}}
  

    "Top # Holding(s) by Dollar Value from each fund's holdings"
    and
    "Top # Holding(s) by Percent Ownership from each fund's holdings"
    are not available when using WhaleScore Filers.
  




Filers Selected: {{groupinfo.group.description}} - {{groupinfo.group.filers.length}}
      (click to edit)


      {{criteria.whalescore.description}}
      (click to edit)


      Filers being chosen based on prior performance
    
Get started by using: 

WhaleWisdom Fund Groups
WhaleScore Filers

One of your custom groups
Choose Filers by Performance
Log in to use your saved groups
Create new custom group



WhaleWisdom Fund Groups


{{g.filers.length}}

{{g.description}}





Use Heat Map Stocks







{{g.filers.length}}

{{g.description}}






< Back

Select WhaleScore Filers:
WhaleScore filers are chosen based on scores calculated the previous quarter.


Pro Sub. Required

{{o.description}}






< Back

Select Filers by Prior Performance
Filers are selected each quarter based on their prior performance. You can restrict which
      filers are included by using the filters below.



          Pro subscription required to select filers by performance
        


How do you want funds chosen?




Maximum Filers to use each quarter

            

(your subscription allows up to {{Limit}} filers):
Maximum number of filers
              to use exceeed
Maximum filers must set to
              at least 1




Quarterly turnover %






% top 10 concentration






 # of Holdings in 13F
              Portfolio
from:
            
            to
            
{{criteria.filer_performance.holdings_from_to[0]}} - {{criteria.filer_performance.holdings_from_to[1]}}


 Market Cap of Fund's 13F
              Portfolio
from:
            
            to
            

                                                      {{format_number(criteria.filer_performance.mc_from_to[0])}} - {{format_number(criteria.filer_performance.mc_from_to[1])}}
                                                    


 Avg. Time Held Top 10 (quarterly)
from:
            
            to
            

                                                                {{criteria.filer_performance.time_held_top10_from_to[0]}} quarters - {{criteria.filer_performance.time_held_top10_from_to[1]}} quarters
                                                              





Matching filers from latest quarter:
{{FilerPerformanceMatches}}






< Back
{{groupinfo.group.filers.length}}




Backtest options
Optional Stock Filters
Optional Hedging/Advanced



< Back


How do you want stocks selected when rebalancing?  


{{s.description}}
          


5
10
20
30
40
50


 (Pro sub. required)



        "Top # Holding(s) by Dollar Value from each fund's holdings"
        and
        "Top # Holding(s) by Percent Ownership from each fund's holdings"
        are not available when using WhaleScore Filers.
      


(optional) Minimum # of funds holding stock

(optional) Minimum percent of portfolio for each fund


Custom Weight Per Fund (scale of 1 through 10)


{{filer.name}}





Reset Weight



Specify the number of holdings to use



          {{s.description}}
        

          ** Holdings greater than 20 require a Pro level subscription to use. **
        




How do you want available funds allocated among stocks?  








< Back



Restrict Stocks Selected by Stock Market Cap Size?


 {{cap.name}}
                              




Stock Exclusions
Do not include stocks whose price exceeds:

Do not include stocks whose price is less:

Do not include any of the following tickers:
                                                          (comma separated)






ETF Filter
 ETF Holdings Only

 Exclude ETFs


ADR Filter *Pro Only*
 Foreign ADR Only

 Exclude ADRs





Limit Stock Selection to Certain Sectors or Industries? Restrict stocks to those in the selected sector or industry







< Back




Hedging Strategies

Simple Short Exposure. This strategy effectively shorts the S&P 500 by
        buying shares in the S&P 500 Short ETF.
        Simple Hedging will assume that 100%
        of the backtest's invested principal is always in the backtest's long positions.

        For example, if you choose a 25% hedging rate, then for a $10,000 portfolio,
        you will be long $10,000 and have a $2,500 short on the S&P 500.
        The short position will adjust each rebalancing period to match 25% of the total portfolio.
        Any gains/losses from the short are added to the overall available capital for the long positions in the
        portfolio.
      

Moving Average Hedge.  With this strategy, your portfolio will be hedged
        by shorting the S&P 500 whenever your long portfolio's performance drops below the monthly moving average.
        So if you set a 25% hedge, 25% of your long portfolio will be sold and the funds reallocated to the short
        whenever the hedge is in effect.
        Once your long portfolio performance goes back over the moving average, the short hedge will be removed
        and the funds from the short will be reallocated to your long positions.
      

        When hedging strategies are being used, backtests can only go back as far as 2006.  This is the date
        the S&P 500 Short ETF first appeared.
      

        Pro subscription required to use hedging strategies
      
Hedging Strategy:

      

No Hedging

          Short-Exposure Hedge
        

          Moving Average Hedge
        

Moving Average Months:


Moving Average Target:
                   

Your backtested portfolio
S&P 500 TR Index
Russell 2K TR Index

the moving average that will determine when hedging is on or off

Hedging %:
      

25%
50%
75%
100%



Stock Sell Buffer

      You can optionally include a stock sell buffer in your backtesting model.
      It works by keeping a stock in your portfolio even when it would otherwise drop out
      during rebalancing as long as it remains within your sell buffer threshold.
      For example, you are backtesting with the top 20 stocks each quarter and set a sell buffer of 50.
      In the first quarter, AAPL is one of the top 20 stocks and is included in the portfolio.
      In quarter 2, AAPL drops down to number 25. Without the sell buffer, AAPL would drop out
      for that quarter, but since it is still within the sell buffer threshold of 50,
      it will remain in the portfolio.
      Your portfolio size remains the same. The stocks that would have fallen out stay in and the
      stocks that would otherwise have been added stay out. Using the sell buffer may
      help produce a lower turnover rate.
    

      Sell Buffer Size (must be greater than # of holdings in portfolio to work):
      
No sell buffer
10
25
35
50
100




Rebalancing Frequency

      By default backtester rebalances quarterly using new 13F filing data. You can
      adjust the rebalancing frequency using the dropdown below. Reasons for
      changing the frequency include lower turnover and possible tax advantages
      by keeping stocks at least one year before selling.
    


        Do not rebalance after each quarter

or rebalance:
        
Every quarter (default)
 Every other quarter
 Once a year




How many days after the end-of-quarter date before doing the backtest? (0 - 60) 

DAYS





      Or use day whenever the filing was submitted to the SEC
      (or the last filing when using a group of funds):
Starting Quarter

      By default backtester will test your strategy using all available dates going back to 2001 (for subscribers only).
      You can optionally adjust when the backtest actually starts.
    
Starting Quarter:
      
All Available Dates


  Ending Quarter:
      
All Available Dates






GENERATE
      REPORT





Backtest Results:



Download Backtest Data to Excel
Downloading.  Please wait.....


Start Tracking This Backtest
Saving......


                                    Stop tracking this backtest
                                  
Log in to start tracking this backtest



No report has been run






                                {{s.description}}
                              

Configure Moving Averages


As of 2017-07-27








Want to backtest using all available 13F history?
      As a non-subscriber you are limited to the past two years of filing data.
        Subscribe now and backtest using 13F holdings data as
        far back as 2001.
      








 
YTD
1Y
2Y
3Y
5Y
7Y
10Y
Total Return
Annualized
Std Dev
Sortino



Whale(s)
Unhedged Portfolio

{{starting_record.yearly_entries[starting_record.yearly_entries.length-1][3]*100|number}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,1)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,2)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,3)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,5)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,7)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,10)| number:2}}%
{{starting_record.performance*100|number}}%
{{starting_record.annualized_performance*100|number}}%
{{starting_record.standard_deviation*100.0|number}}%
{{starting_record.sortino|number}}


Hedged Portfolio
{{hedged_matrix.yearly_entries[hedged_matrix.yearly_entries.length-1][3]*100|number}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,1)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,2)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,3)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,5)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,7)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,10)| number:2}}%
{{hedged_matrix.performance*100|number}}%
{{hedged_matrix.annualized_performance*100|number}}%
{{hedged_matrix.standard_deviation*100.0|number}}%
{{hedged_matrix.sortino|number}}


{{chart.comparison_index.description}}
{{chart.comparison_index.yearly_entries[chart.comparison_index.yearly_entries.length-1][3]*100|number}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,1)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,2)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,3)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,5)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,7)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,10)| number:2}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.performance*100|number}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.annualized_performance*100|number}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.standard_deviation*100.0|number}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.sortino|number}}









                          Current Holdings Rebalanced on {{results.ending_period.start_date}}
                          Click the "Download Backtest Data to Excel" link above to see all stock activity


                          Stock prices used are the "total returns" stock price and will include
                          dividends, spinoffs, splits, and other adjustments.  Because of this, stock
                          prices shown here will likely not
                          match a stock's actual closing stock price on the same date.
                        





Stock Name
% of Portfolio
Avg Price Per Share(total returns price)
Total Returnas of 2017-07-27
Original Purchase Date



            								                  {{transaction.ticker}}
            								               {{transaction.stock_name}}

Sold All
{{transaction.percent_of_portfolio*100.0|number:2}}

{{transaction.avg_price|currency}}


                                ${{starting_record.hedging_gain|number:2}}
                              

                                {{GetTransactionTotalReturn(transaction)|number:2}}%
                                                            

{{transaction.original_purchase_date}}


{{results.ending_period.hedge.stock_name}}

{{transaction.avg_price|currency}}

                              {{GetTransactionTotalReturn(results.ending_period.hedge)|number:2}}%
                            

                              {{results.ending_period.hedge.original_purchase_date}}
                            


*** Currently using {{ending_hedged_transaction.stock_name}} ***

{{ending_hedged_transaction.avg_price|currency}}

                                                        {{GetTransactionTotalReturn(ending_hedged_transaction)|number:2}}%
                                                      

                                                        {{ending_hedged_transaction.original_purchase_date}}
                                                      









Ending Sector Allocation

















































Quarter to view:

Current Combined 13F/13D/G
Q1 2017 13F Filings 
Q4 2016 13F Filings 
Q3 2016 13F Filings 
Q2 2016 13F Filings 
Q1 2016 13F Filings 
Q4 2015 13F Filings 
Q3 2015 13F Filings 
Q2 2015 13F Filings 
Q1 2015 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2014 13F Filings subscription required
Q2 2009 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2009 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2008 13F Filings subscription required
Q3 2008 13F Filings subscription required
Q2 2008 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2008 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2007 13F Filings subscription required
Q3 2007 13F Filings subscription required
Q2 2007 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2007 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2006 13F Filings subscription required



                      Refresh
                    
 Advanced Export
Download CSV
Download Excel (.xlsx)
Download TSV







                               Click to See Additional Filters
                              



Security Types:




                  Shares


                  Calls


                  Puts


                  Principal

Changes in Holdings:

 New Position
Added to Position
Reduced Position
Closed Out Position
No Change



Ranking is in the top:



Minimum # of shares:



Stock ticker: 



Is ETF?
YesNo



                                      Refresh
                                    








Edit Columns


*Shares are split adjusted
		






×
Report an error






Your name (optional):


Your email (optional):


Error to report or any other comments(required):













                









Cancel





 Click here to report any possible errors with this listing.





13F Filings Available:



                            2017-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2014-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2009-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2009-03-31 - 13F-HR/A
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2009-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2008-12-31 - 13F-HR/A
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2008-12-31 - 13F-HR/A
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2008-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2008-09-30 - 13F-HR/A
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2008-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2008-06-30 - 13F-HR/A
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2008-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2008-03-31 - 13F-HR/A
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2008-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2007-12-31 - 13F-HR/A
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2007-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2007-09-30 - 13F-HR/A
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2007-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2007-06-30 - 13F-HR/A
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2007-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2007-03-31 - 13F-HR/A
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2007-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2006-12-31 - 13F-HR/A
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2006-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          






×
CSV Export Module



      This will schedule a job to export all requested 13f holdings data for this filer.
      When completed, an email will be sent to the email address you specify
      containing a link to download the .zip file of the CSV file(s) you requested.
    



Output Type


             Output all 13f holdings into a single CSV file
             

              Output all 13f holdings into separate CSV files per quarter
              



Columns to include


Filer Name
Stock Name
Stock Ticker
Quarter Date
Type of Security
Current Shares Held
Current Market Value
Previous Shares Held
Previous Market Value
Current % of Portfolio
Previous % of Portfolio
Current Rank
Previous Rank
Change in Shares
Type of Change
Sector




13F Quarters to include


2017-03-31
2016-12-31
2016-09-30
2016-06-30
2016-03-31
2015-12-31
2015-09-30
2015-06-30




Email Address to send data to








Cancel
Schedule Export








Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...








Elevate your investments
Try it for free

























