

	Laura Starks | Directory | McCombs School of Business































































skip main site navigation
go to current site section navigation























                                The University of Texas at Austin
                            
                                McCombs School of Business
                            
                                Faculty/Staff Directory
                            





















Faculty/Staff Directory

















Search




























                            Directory | Profiles



Home ·
Directory ·
Profiles ·
Laura Starks 




DirectoryProfilesLaura Starks






Find People by Name





View Advanced Search Options

Hide Advanced Search Options

View People by Department


Accounting

AIM Investment Center

BBA Program Office

Business Affairs

Business, Government and Society

Center for Business, Technology and Law

Center for Customer Insight and Marketing Solution

Center for Energy Finance

Center for Global Business

Center for Research in Electronic Commerce

Center for Risk Mgmt and Insurance

Communications

Development and External Relations

Energy Management and Innovation Center

Executive Education Programs

Finance

Financial Education and Research Center

Health Care Initiative

Herb Kelleher Center for Entrepreneurship

Hispanic Leadership Initiative

HMTF Center for Private Equity

Information Management

Information, Risk, and Operations Mgmt.

Management

Marketing

MBA Program Office

MSB Computer Services

MSB Media Services

Office of the Dean

Peterson Research Initiatives

Real Estate Finance and Investment Center

Recruitment Services

Social Innovation@McCombs Initiative

Supply Chain Management Center of Excellence



View People by Areas

Industry Area:

-Select Industry Area-
Accounting - Government
Accounting - Non-Profit
Advertising
Airlines
Application Service Providers (ASPs)
Artificial Intelligence
Automobile Industry
Banking
Bankruptcy
Biotechnology
Budget
Business Decision Making
Business Etiquette and Attire
Business Law
Business Management
Business Statistics
Business Value of IT
Capital Markets
Chemicals
Computer Networks
Computer Systems
Consulting
Consumer Behavior
Consumer Products
Corporate Litigation Damages
Corporate Restructuring
Corporate Valuation
Credit Card
Credit Risk
Customer Insight
Database Management
Decision Support Systems
Defense
Digital Imaging
Dot-com Industry
E-Business
E-Commerce
Education
Electric Utilities
Electrical Equipment
Electronic Publishing
Electronics Manufacturing
Emerging Markets
Energy
Entertainment
Entrepreneurship
Entrepreneurship & Sustainability
Environmental Law
Environmental Studies
Executive Compensation
Executive Education
Executive Search
Fast Food
Fiber Optics
Financial Institutions
Financial Risk Management
Financial Services
Food
Food Processing
Forest Products
Franchising
Fundamental Analysis
Furniture
Global Competition
Global Financial Markets
Global Sourcing
Grocery
Healthcare
Healthcare Communications
High Technology
Home Appliances
Hotels & Motels
Human Relations
Human Resources Management
Industrial Goods
Industrial Organization
Information Costs
Information Technology
Innovation & Institutions
Insurance
Intellectual Property
Internal Auditing
International Business
International Finance
Internet Stocks
Investment Banking
Investment Management
IT in Emerging Economies
Journalism
Legal Services
Legal Statistics
Logistics
Management Consulting
Management Control Systems
Manufacturing
Market Structures
Marketing Industry
Marketing Management
Marketing Metrics
Marketing Strategy
M-Business
Media
Mergers and Acquisitions
Microfinance
Mining
Music
Music Industry and the Web
Mutual Fund Flows
Nonprofit Industry
Oil & Gas
Organizational Innovation
Paper
Petrochemicals
Petroleum
Pharmaceuticals
Photography
Plastics
Portfolio Management
Printing
Private Equity and Commercial Banking
Private Equity Markets
Procurement/Materials Management
Product Development
Production/Inventory Control
Public Policy
Publishing Industry
Railroad
Real Estate
Recreation
Regional Economy
Restaurant
Retail
Retail Financial Services
Rubber
Scientific & Technical Writing
Securities Law
Security Valuation and Analysis
Semiconductors
Service Industries
Services
Shipbuilding
Small Businesses
Soft Drink
Software
Speech Communication
Sports
State Government
Statistical Evidence Case Testimony
Steel
Strategic Alliances
Strategic Management
Supply Chain Management
Systems Integration
Systems Thinking
Tax - Portfolio Choices
Taxation - Corporate
Taxation - Individual
Technology & Innovation Mgmt
Technology Commercialization
Technology Markets
Telecommunication
Textiles
Tobacco
Tourism
Transaction Costs
Transportation
Travel
Trucking
Venture Capital
Virtual Communities
Web Personalization
Whole Sale


* industry area is required


Research Area:

-Select Research Area-
Accounting - Government
Accounting - Non-Profit
Accounting Regulation and Liability
Accounting-Cost
Accounting-Education
Accounting-Financial
Accounting-Managerial
Advertising
Affect and Decision Making
Agency Theory
Application Service Providers (ASPs)
Artificial Intelligence
Asset Pricing
Auditing
Austin/Texas Economy
B-2-B
Banking
Bayesian Methods
Behavioral Decision Theory
Behavioral Finance
Brand Management
Business Communication
Business Cycles
Business Ethics
Business Law
Business Valuation
Business Value of IT
Capital Markets
Capital Structure
Change Management
Changing & Unpredictable Contexts
Clicks and Mortars
Collaboration
Compensation
Compliance
Computational Economics
Computer Simulation
Consumer Behavior
Control Systems
Corporate Diversification
Corporate Diversification, Mergers, Acquisitions, and Divestitures
Corporate Governance
Corporate Social Responsibility
Corporate Strategy
Cost Management
Credit Risk
Crisis Management
Cross-Listing
Customer Insight
Customer Relationship Management
Database Management
Decision Support Systems
Decision Theory
Demography
Derivatives
Digital Commerce
Digital Piracy
Dispute Resolution
Distribution Channels
Diversity
Divestitures
E-Business
E-Commerce
Econometrics
Economic Development
Economic Growth
Economic History
Economics
Economics of Law
E-Government
Empirical Methods
Energy Finance
Enterprise System Management
Entrepreneurship
Environmental Law
Equilibrium Asset Pricing
Ethics
Executive Compensation
Finance - Corporate
Finance - Marketing
Finance - Operations
Financial Analysts
Financial Asset Pricing
Financial Reporting
Financial Statement Analysis
Firm Value
Franchising
Fraud
Game Theory
Gender
Global Financial Markets
Global Sourcing
Governance
Governmental Regulation
Healthcare
Healthcare Management
Hedonic and Utilitarian Consumption
High Technology Markets
Highly Dynamic Environments
Highly Dynamic Markets
Human Resource Management
Industrial Organization
Information Costs
Information Economics
Information Systems
Information Technology Governance
Informational Asymmetry
Innovation & Institutions
Institutional Investors
Intellectual Property Rights
Interest Rates
Interface between Finance and Mkt/Ops
International Business
International Finance
Internet Governance and Law
Investment Management
Investments
Investor and Security Analyst Judgment and Decision Making
Investor Behavior
IT in Emerging Economics
Judgment and Decision Making
Knowledge Management
Labor Markets
Large Scale Optimization
Latin American Business
Leadership
Macro-Environmental Analysis
Management - Change
Management - Diversity
Management Control Systems
Management Disclosure
Management Science
Managerial, Group, & Org Decision Making
Managing Knowledge
Managing Knowledge Workers
Manufacturing
Market Efficiency
Marketing - Management
Marketing Communication
Marketing Law
Marketing Metrics
Marketing Models
Marketing Strategy
Markets
M-Business
Mergers and Acquisitions
Mutual Fund Flows
Mutual Funds
Network Design
New Product Development
Online Social Networks
Operations Management
Operations Research
Optimization
Option Pricing
Organization
Organizational Behavior
Organizational Change and Redesign
Organizational Corruption
Organizational Culture
Organizational Design
Organizational Identification Processes
Organizational Identity
Organizational Innovation
Organizational Learning & Change
Organizational Reputation
Outsourcing Business Process
Ownership Structure
Prediction Markets
Private Equity & Commercial Banking
Private Equity Markets
Probability and Statistics
Process Improvement/Redesign
Product Diffusion
Product Strategy
Psychology and Law
Public Policy
Quality Management
Real Estate
Real Estate Finance
Regional Economy
Research Methodology
Risk Management
Role of Chief Executive Officer
Securities Law
Security Market Valuation
Service Management
Social Networks
Social Responsibility
Software Management
Statement Analysis
Statistical Analysis
Strategic Alliances
Strategic Decision-Making
Strategic Management
Strategic Performance Management
Strategy
Strategy Implementation
Supply Chain Management
System Dynamics
Systems Thinking and Organizations
Tariffs
Tax
Tax - Arbitrage
Tax - Portfolio Choices
Taxation
Taxation - Corporate
Taxation - Individual
Technology & Innovation Mgmt
Technology Commercialization
Telecommunications
The New Economy
Top Management Teams
Transaction Costs
Transportation
User-Generated Contents
Valuation
Value Creation
Venture Capital
Virtual Communities
Voluntary Disclosure
Workplace Environment


* research area is required

Current McCombs School of Business Faculty or staff?
            Login to update your profile.








Faculty/Staff Directory




Laura Starks


laura.starks@mccombs.utexas.edu
                    GSB 5.167 (512-471-5899)
                





Vita


Additional Titles: Charles E. & Sarah M. Seay Regents’ Chair in Business AdministrationDirector, AIM Investment Center




Associate Dean for Research

Department
Finance
Social Innovation@McCombs Initiative




Industry Areas:

Capital Markets

Financial Institutions

Investment Banking

Investment Management



Research Areas:

Asset Pricing

Corporate Governance

Finance - Corporate

Investment Management







Bio

Publications

Awards


Biography
Laura T. Starks

Associate Dean for Research, Charles E. and Sarah M. Seay Regents Chair in Finance. 
She teaches undergraduate and graduate courses on environmental, social and governance investing, global financial strategies, and other finance topics. She was Chairman of the Department of Finance for 9 years. She was also an editor of the Review of Financial Studies from 2008-2014 and has won a number of research and teaching awards in her career. Her current research focuses on mutual funds, corporate governance institutional investors and environmental, social and governance investing. She has served on the Board of Directors of the four national academic finance organizations:  the American Finance Association, the Financial Management Association (FMA), the Society of Financial Studies (SFS) and the Western Finance Association (WFA). She is past president of the FMA and is currently Vice-President of the SFS, and President-Elect of the WFA.  She is a past Chairman of the Graduate Assembly for the University of Texas at Austin, the elected faculty council that governs the University’s graduate programs, and served on the Executive Committee of the University Faculty Council. She is an independent director for CREF Retirement Accounts and TIAA-CREF Mutual Funds, serves on the Investment Advisory Committee for the Employees Retirement System of Texas, the Board of Governors of the Investment Company Institute, and the Governing Council of the Independent Directors Council. She has also served on the 2013 Strategy Council and the 2014 Expert Panel for the Norwegian Government Pension Fund (the largest sovereign wealth fund in the world).


Publications
Natasha Burns, Kristina Minnick,  and Laura T. Starks. 2017. CEO Tournaments: A Cross-Country Analysis of Causes, Cultural Influences, and Consequences. Journal of Financial and Quantitative Analysis 52(2), 519-551.Joseph A. McCahery, Zacharias Sautner,  and Laura T. Starks. 2016. Behind the Scenes: The Corporate Governance Preferences of Institutional Investors. Journal of Finance 71(6), 2905-2932.Daehyun Kim and Laura T. Starks. 2016. Gender Diversity on Corporate Boards: Do Women Contribute Unique Skills? American Economic Review 106(5), 267-271.Martijn Cremers, Miguel A. Ferreira, Pedro Matos,  and Laura T. Starks. 2016. Indexing and Active Fund Management: International Evidence. Journal of Financial Economics 120(3), 539-560.Clemens Sialm, Laura T. Starks,  and Hanjiang Zhang. 2015. Defined Contribution Pension Plans: Mutual Fund Asset Allocation Changes. American Economic Review 105(5), 432-436.Clemens Sialm, Laura T. Starks,  and Hanjiang Zhang. 2015. Defined Contribution Pension Plans: Sticky or Discerning Money? Journal of Finance 70(2), 805-828.Eliezer M. Fich, Laura T. Starks,  and Adam. S. Yore. 2014. CEO Deal-Making Activities and Compensation. Journal of Financial Economics 114(3), 471-492.Laura T. Starks and Kelsey D. Wei. 2013. Cross-Border Mergers and Differences in Corporate Governance. International Review of Finance 13(3), 265-297.Kelsey D. Wei and Laura T. Starks. 2013. Foreign Exchange Exposure Elasticity and Financial Distress. Financial Management 42(4), 709-735.Clemens Sialm and Laura T. Starks. 2012. Mutual Fund Tax Clienteles. Journal of Finance 67(4), 1397-1422.Ron Kaniel, Arzu Ozoguz,  and Laura T. Starks. 2012. The high volume return premium: Cross-country evidence. Journal of Financial Economics 103(2), 255-279.Laura T. Starks. 2009. EFA Keynote Speech: "Corporate Governance and Corporate Social Responsibility: What Do Investors Care About? What Should Investors Care About?". Financial Review 44(4), 461-468.Alexander Ljundqvist, Felicia Marston, Laura T. Starks, Kelsey Wei,  and Hong Yan. 2007. Conflicts of Interest in Sellside Research and the Moderating Role of Institutional Investors. Journal of Financial Economics 85, 420-456.Gillan, Stuart L. and Laura T. Starks. 2007. The Evolution of Shareholder Activism in the United States. Journal of Applied Corporate Finance 19, 55-73,19p.Richard W. Sias, Laura T. Starks,  and Sheridan Titman. 2006. Changes in Institutional Ownership and Stock Returns: Assessment and Methodology. Journal of Business 79, 2869-2910.Laura T. Starks, Li Yong,  and Lu Zheng. 2006. Tax-loss Selling and the January Effect: Evidence from Municipal Bond Closed-End Funds. Journal of Finance 61, 3049-3067.Jay C. Hartzell, Andres Almazan,  and Laura T. Starks. 2005. Active Institutional Shareholders and Costs of Monitoring: Evidence from Executive Compensation. Financial Management (Financial Management Association) 34, p5-34.Joseph Golec and Laura T. Starks. 2004. Performance Fee Contract Change and Mutual Fund Risk. Journal of Financial Economics 73, 93-118.Stuart L. Gillan and Laura T. Starks. 2003. Corporate Governance, Corporate Ownership, and the Role of Institutional Investors: A Global Perspective. Journal of Applied Finance 13, 4-22.James A. Bennett, Richard W. Sias,  and Laura T. Starks. 2003. Greener Pastures and the Impact of Dynamic Institutional Preferences. Review of Financial Studies 16.Jay C. Hartzell and Laura T. Starks. 2003. Institutional Investors and Executive Compensation. Journal of Finance 58, 2351-2374.Neil Doherty, Joan Lamm-Tennant,  and Laura T. Starks. 2003. Insuring September 11th: Market Recovery and Transparency. Journal of Risk and Uncertainty 26, 179-199.Robert Parrino, Richard W. Sias,  and Laura T. Starks. 2003. Voting With Their Feet: Institutional Ownership Changes Around Forced CEO Turnover. Journal of Financial Economics 68, 3-46.Mark Huson, Robert Parrino,  and Laura T. Starks. 2001. Internal Monitoring Mechanisms and CEO Turnover: A Long-term Perspective. Journal of Finance 56, 2265-2297.Richard Sias, Laura T. Starks,  and Sena Tinic. 2001. Is Noise Trader Risk Priced? Journal of Financial Research 24, 311-329.Stuart Gillan and Laura T. Starks. 2000. Corporate Governance Proposals and Shareholder Activism: The Role of Institutional Investors. Journal of Financial Economics 57, 275-305.Laura T. Starks. 1999. Corporate Governance and Institutional Investors: Implications for Latin America. AB ANTE, Estudios en Direccion de Empresas 2, 161-182.Paul Laux, Laura T. Starks,  and Pyung Yoon. 1998. The Relative Importance of Competition and Contagion in Intra-Industry Information Transfers: An Investigation of Dividend Announcements. Financial Management 27, 5-16.Kemal Saatcioglu and Laura T. Starks. 1998. The Stock Price-Volume Relationship in Emerging Stock Markets. International Journal of Forecasting 14, 215-225.Keith C. Brown and Laura T. Starks. 1997. Getting the Compensation Structure Right in the Mutual Fund Industry. Strategy and Business 7, 16-18.Richard Sias and Laura T. Starks. 1997. Institutions, Individuals and the Turn-of-the Year. Journal of Finance 52, 1543-1562.Richard Sias and Laura T. Starks. 1997. Return Autocorrelations and Institutional Investors. Journal of Financial Economics 46, 103-11.Joan Lamm-Tennant, Laura T. Starks,  and Lynne Stokes. 1996. Considerations of Cost Trade-Offs in Insurance Solvency Surveillance Policy. Journal of Banking and Finance 20, 835-852.Keith C. Brown, Van Harlow,  and Laura T. Starks. 1996. Of Tournaments and Temptations: An Analysis of Managerial Incentives in the Mutual Fund Industry. Journal of Finance 51, 85-110.Kathy Rehbein and Laura T. Starks. 1995. Changes in U.S. Trade Policies: The Wealth Effects on Japanese Steel Firms. Japan and the World Economy 7, 309-327.Pyung Yoon and Laura T. Starks. 1995. Signaling, Investment Opportunities and Dividend Announcements. Review of Financial Studies 8, 995-1018.Richard Sias and Laura T. Starks. 1995. The Day of the Week Anomaly: The Role of Institutional Investors. Financial Analysts Journal 51, 58-67.Keith C. Brown and Laura T. Starks. 1994. Mutual Fund Managers. Discovery 14, 14-19.A.J. Senchack and Laura T. Starks. 1993. Short Sale Restrictions and Market Reaction to Short Interest Announcements. Journal of Financial and Quantitative Analysis 28, 177-194.Joan Lamm-Tennant and Laura T. Starks. 1993. Stocks Versus Mutual Ownership Structures: The Risk Implications. Journal of Business 66, 29-46.Joan Lamm-Tennant, Laura T. Starks,  and Lynne Stokes. 1992. An Empirical Bayes Approach to Estimating Loss Ratios. Journal of Risk and Insurance 59, 426-442.Stefanie Lenway, Kathy Rehbein,  and Laura T. Starks. 1990. The Impact of Protectionism on Firm Wealth: The Experience of the Steel Industry. Southern Economics Journal 56, 1079-1093.Michael Smirlock and Laura T. Starks. 1988. An Empirical Analysis of the Stock Price-Volume Relationship. Journal of Banking and Finance 12, 31-41.Susan Cohen and Laura T. Starks. 1988. Estimation Risk and Incentive Contracts for Portfolio Relationship. Management Science 34, 1067-1079.Laura T. Starks. 1987. Performance Incentive Fees: An Agency Theoretic Approach. Journal of Financial and Quantitative Analysis 22, 17-32.Michael Smirlock and Laura T. Starks. 1986. Day of the Week and Intraday Effects in Stock Returns. Journal of Financial Economics 17, 197-210.Robert Jennings and Laura T. Starks. 1986. Earnings Announcements, Stock Price Adjustments and the Existence of Exchange-Listed Options. Journal of Finance 41, 107-125.Michael Smirlock and Laura T. Starks. 1985. A Further Examination of Stock Price Changes and Transactions Volume. Journal of Financial Research 8, 217-225.Robert Jennings and Laura T. Starks. 1985. Information Content and the Speed of Stock Price Adjustment. Journal of Accounting Research 23, 336-350.Christopher Barry and Laura T. Starks. 1984. Investment Management and Risk Sharing with Multiple Managers. Journal of Finance 39, 477-491.Robert Jennings, Laura T. Starks,  and John Fellingham. 1981. An Equilibrium Model of Asset Trading with Sequential Information Arrival. Journal of Finance 36, 143-161.



Professional Awards Kepos Capital Award, Best Paper on Investments at the WFA for "Defined Contribution Plans: Sticky or Discerning?"2014S&P Dow Jones Indices' SPIVA Awards Second Prize for "The Mutual Fund Industry Worldwide...."2014Eyes of Texas Award for Service to The University of Texas at Austin2012Alpha Kappa Psi Best Professor Award2012China International Conference in Finance TCW Best Paper Award for “Advertising and Mutual Funds..."2010Midwest Finance Association Distinguished Scholar Award2010MBA Applause Award, selected by MBA students as an outstanding professor 2008Eastern Finance Association Distinguished Scholar Award2007Southern Finance Association Distinguished Scholar Award2005Journal of Financial Economics Fama-DFA Second Prize2004Journal of Financial Research Outstanding Article Award2001Financial Management Association Meetings Award for Best Paper in Corporate Finance1998Western Finance Association Award for Best Paper in Corporate Finance Award1997Smith Breeden Distinguished Paper Award, Journal of Finance1996Fellow, Financial Management Association FMA European Meetings Best Paper Award 2003, 2004 







Print this page


Page last updated: 7/21/2017








Programs

Texas MBA Master of Business Administration
Texas EMBA Executive MBA
Texas MPA Master in Professional Accounting
Texas MSBA Master of Science in Business Analytics
Texas MSF Master of Science in Finance
Texas MSITM Master of Science in IT Management
Texas MSM Master of Science in Marketing
Texas MSTC Master of Science in Technology Commercialization
Texas BBA Bachelor of Business Administration
Texas BHP Business Honors Program
Business Foundations For non-business majors
Executive Education
PhD



Departments

Accounting
Business, Government & Society
Finance
Information, Risk, & Operations Management
Management
Marketing

Research
Centers & Initiatives
Faculty
Texas Enterprise


Events at McCombs
Alumni
Corporate and Foundation Relations
Invest in McCombs

Career Services
Hire at McCombs

Communications & Media Relations
Media Services
Tech Support


Resource Links


Intranet


Canvas


McCombs Online Resources (MOR)


Webmail


Blogs & Social Media


McCombs Blogs

Facebook

Twitter

LinkedIn

Directory
Contact Us
By phone: (512) 471-5921

                        Address:
                           2110 Speedway, B6000
                           Austin, TX 78705
                          Map

Privacy Policy
Accessibility Policy






                ©2017
McCombs School of Business, 
                        The University of Texas at Austin | 
                        Contact Us




















Laura Stark – Rambus



























































































Investor RelationsResource LibraryNewsBlogCareersSupport Center













 










Laura Stark

Home>Leadership>Laura Stark







			Laura Stark		


fongj@rambus.com 


			2016-10-11T12:56:39+00:00		

Corporate Overview
Leadership
Inventors
Careers
Locations
Investor Relations

 Laura Stark
Senior Vice President and General Manager
Emerging Solutions Division
Laura Stark is the general manager of the Emerging Solutions Division. In addition to leading the efforts of overall strategy, including M&A activities, Laura leads the company’s platform development efforts. She is responsible for the company’s long-range research and development. Laura joined Rambus in 1996 as strategic accounts manager, and has since held various positions during her tenure, including vice president, Alliances and Infrastructure; vice president, Memory Interface Division; and senior vice president, Platform Solutions Group. Before joining Rambus, Laura held various positions in the Semiconductor Products Division of Motorola, including technical sales engineer for the Apple sales team, and field applications engineer for the Sun Microsystems and SGI sales teams.
Laura earned her bachelor’s degree in electrical engineering from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.




 
 

 
 
 
 






























Leadership – Rambus


























































































Investor RelationsResource LibraryNewsBlogCareersSupport Center













 










Leadership

Home>Leadership







			Leadership		


fongj@rambus.com 


			2017-05-17T13:48:26+00:00		

Corporate Overview
Leadership
Inventors
Careers
Locations
Investor Relations

Ron Black, Ph.D.President and Chief Executive OfficerCraig HampelChief Scientist
Memory and Interface DivisionJae KimSVP, General Counsel & Human ResourcesRahul MathurSVP & Chief Financial OfficerK. Krishna MoorthyCorporate VP & Managing Director
Rambus India Design CenterJerome NadelSVP & Chief Marketing OfficerKit RodgersSVP of Worldwide Sales & Technology PartnershipsMartin Scott, Ph.D.SVP & General Manager
Rambus Security DivisionLuc SeraphinSVP & General Manager
Memory and Interfaces DivisionLaura StarkSVP & General Manager
Emerging Solutions Division



 
 

 
 
 
 

























 


Laura Stark | Professional Profile
 


























 









LinkedIn



















































Main content starts below.




Laura StarkProgram Management | People Development | Learning Programs & Technologies | Program Operations | Talent ProgramsLocationSan Francisco Bay AreaIndustryInformation Technology and ServicesCurrentPfizerPreviousYahoo, Yahoo!, Sun MicrosystemsEducationSan Jose State UniversityRecommendations7 people have recommended Laura500+ connectionsView Laura’s full profile. It's free!Your colleagues, classmates, and 500 million other professionals are on LinkedIn.View Laura’s Full ProfileLaura’s ActivitySuccessful sealcoat and re-stripe at a beautiful HOA in Los...Laura likedStanford's McNealy wins Ben Hogan AwardLaura likedGreat presenters are like great teachers; they don't just...Laura likedAfter seeing images of Google offices with their bean bags,...Laura liked3 Learning Predictions for 2017Laura likedI love  J.T. O'Donnell's message of "Brand,  or be Branded"Laura sharedSee all activitySummarySenior Program Manager for Learning and Development (L&D) (Technical, Sales, Managers), as well as Learning Technologies, portals, and LMS systems. Manage programs for Talent, People, and HR.SUMMARYI partner with leaders and teams to quickly analyze, design, implement, and evaluate scalable and innovative learning solutions, technologies, events and programs to engage, inspire and develop people. I have experience creating global strategies and programs, re-inventing programs, leading teams, and driving projects and initiatives from start to finish. I am comfortable working with any level of employee or manager, am flexible and work well with changing deadlines and compressed timelines.HIGHLIGHTS- Delivered excellent project management and met tight deadlines for a wide variety of HR Global Talent Strategic Programs such as New Hire Digital Onboarding. Managed key deliverables such as the creation of videos and digital magazines, and successfully organized, scripted and managed critical Alpha, Beta and UAT test phases New Hire Digital Onboarding using Taleo, OpenText and Workday.- Delivered superior learning experiences by managing all aspects of technical training delivery operations for Yahoo. Delivered 350+ instructor-led and virtual classes per year for the US, Bangalore, Taipei and Beijing.  Wrote over 75 contracts with vendors. Managed Cornerstone OnDemand and SuccessFactors LMS operations, deployed courseware including ILT, VILT, e-Learning, surveys and videos, webinars and mashups.- Accelerated expertise by driving the implementation and maintenance of the internal Yahoo Manager and Tech Training Learning and Video portals. - Exceeded global strategic requirements as the lead Training Program Manager for Sun's worldwide ERP implementation. Oversaw the design, development and deployment of over 600 e-learning courses in 10 languages. - Drove improved sales teaming by developing and delivering monthly Sales Field New Hire Training program.ExperienceCornerstone OnDemand LMS System Administrator and L&D Program ManagerPfizerSeptember 2016  –  Present (11 months)San Francisco Bay AreaServe as LMS SME by leveraging the capabilities of the Cornerstone OnDemand Learning Management System for the enterprise. Manage all eLearning and formal learning administration by publishing learning packages, testing functionality, updating content and collaborating with L&D, IT and HR Operations training partners to identify and implement the most optimal learning solution to meet training and learner needs.Partner with IT to ensure learning approaches will work within technology offerings.Act as the first point of contact for technical support and troubleshooting Cornerstone LMS issues at the enterprise level. Work with LMS vendor to resolve, if needed.Make recommendations on future improvements to design, content management, workflow processes, and user experience.HR Program Manager, Global Talent ProgramsYahooApril 2014  –  February 2015 (11 months)Oversaw operational and administrative functions for Talent PMO Office while supervising cross-functional personnel teams across multiple sites. Planned, directed and implemented strategic Human Resource programs with aggressive deadlines. Led program meetings and presentations to ensure schedules remained on track and teams had opportunities to discuss and resolve questions or issues.-Streamlined and upgraded onboarding process through implementation of New Hire Digital Onboarding project across UK and Ireland, including online job offer and pre-employment form delivery, digital signature capabilities, and secure online storage.-Enhanced consumer brand awareness through creation of marketing deliverables such as videos and digital magazines for submission to Great Place To Work.-Organized, scripted, and ran all critical test phases for Alpha, Beta and UAT by utilizing Taleo, OpenText and Workday for New Hire Digital Onboarding project.Learning Technologies, Technical Training and Global Delivery Operations Program ManagerYahoo!May 2011  –  March 2014 (2 years 11 months)-Thought leader and key driver in the delivery of superior learning experiences in a wide variety of methods and mashups as the Learning Technologies and Global Delivery Operations PM for technical training at Yahoo. Delivered 350+ instructor-led and virtual classes per year for the US, Bangalore, Taipei and Beijing in the topics of New Engineer Boot Camp, Geek Week, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Perl, PHP, Java, Agile Scrum Master, Agile Product Owner, Kanban, and many others. Organized Train-the-Trainer sessions globally in order to deploy courseware to international regions. Deployed courses, videos, e-learnings, surveys in SuccessFactors LMS. Utilized Salesforce Chatter and Jive to manage learning communities. -Successfully implemented Safari Books and lynda.com SAML implementations for company-wide access at Yahoo. Marketed services to employees, resulting in a 50% company-wide adoption rate in the first 6 months.-Accelerated expertise by providing access to formal and informal, community-based, user generated content and self-directed learning opportunities for all technical employees by driving the implementation and managing the Tech Learn Learning portal, Backyard Video platform, and Bricks portal programs. Worked with web developers and UX designers on design, development, implementation, test and maintenance of the learning platforms. Created, curated and maintained hundreds of pages portal content using Maple and Oracle UCM. -Managed three Training Coordinator employees and the deliverables of five contract Training Coordinators and delivery partner vendors to contract and deliver on-time training programs that met Yahoo's technical requirements.  Wrote, managed and executed over 75 contracts with vendors and partners to support training goals. -Successfully managed global external speaker program called "Outside Insights" for global employees. Streamed events live to all employees. Created and managed marketing efforts for the live events.Learning Technologies, LMS, Portals and Platforms Program ManagerYahoo!April 2010  –  April 2011 (1 year 1 month)-Successfully planned, defined, documented and supported business operations for Yahoo!’s SuccessFactors Learning Management System (LMS). Wrote job aids, trained administrators, and provided Tier 1 support.- Created project plans, schedules, and successfully drove content and engineering deliverables with global stakeholders, engineering and designers for on-time releases for new "Manager Central" portal, the main information hub for Managers, which was integrated with our LMS, and provided social collaboration features. Won company-wide recognition via the Yahoo Superstar Team Achievement Award for project.-Managed web developers and UX designers for design, development, implementation, test, deployment and maintenance.Video Platform Marketing and Operations Program ManagerSun MicrosystemsAugust 2009  –  January 2010 (6 months)-Successfully planned, defined, and deployed marketing and service operations program deliverables for new product introduction of Sun's Social Learning eXchange (SLX) Enterprise, a web 2.0 SaaS online video community platform that allowed for curated content as well as user generated content. -Ensured operational and service readiness utilizing tiered support model. Planned, designed, documented and tested support and operations infrastructure. Implemented delivery and support model for Free Trial program.-Utilized social media marketing methods (web, Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and YouTube) to promote and create awareness for SLX online video platform. -Wrote and directed animated product videos/demos, and developed and launched free trial program for lead generation. Updated product data sheets. Created customer facing documentation (emails, welcome letters, etc.). Refreshed customer facing site using Hubspot, Dreamweaver and XHTML. Created and managed content on Sun Expo channel on internal site for employees.ERP Global Training Program ManagerSun MicrosystemsJune 2007  –  July 2009 (2 years 2 months)-As the Lead Program Manager, successfully planned, defined, deployed, and managed training program deliverables for Sun's worldwide Oracle 11i ERP training program. With a cost savings of over $8M to Sun, oversaw the instructional design, deployment and support of over 600 e-learning courses in 10 languages, 4,000 practice lab events, 30,000 instructor-led hours, 1,000 informal learning objects and work instructions for over 30,000 employees and 25,000 partners. Broke records with over 200K course completions.-Gathered business requirements and determined scope, designed curriculum for all lines of business (Sales, Service, Operations, Marketing, IT, Finance), supported RFP bidding process to select vendor, determined schedules, tracked milestones, drove projects to on-time completion, and communicated results to executive management. Applied creative approaches to successfully solve complex issues regarding utilizing Super Users & Subject Matter Experts (SMEs) for course development and ILT delivery.-Managed course development vendors (offshore and domestic).-Developed and deployed technical support infrastructure for students on courses, portal and learning path tool. -Thought Leader and key driver in the creation of an automated role-based learning path tool to easily map and administer 600+ online courses to over 700+ Sun roles.-Successfully deployed over 600 learning products on Learning Management System (LMS) Skillsoft and Oracle iLearning. -Managed Learning Portal content, blogs and updates. Created internal wiki site using Confluence. Trained  subject matter experts (SME's) on how to use Resite Recorder to create work instructions.Technical Training Curriculum ManagerSun MicrosystemsMay 2002  –  May 2007 (5 years 1 month)-Planned, developed, and managed technical training curriculum that met global support services, professional services, and customer requirements for Sun Systems, Storage, and Sun Cluster. -Successfully drove the creation of  learning products (instructor-led training, e-Learning, webinars, Transfer of Information (TOIs), remote online labs, videos, and mobile labs) for support readiness training.-Delivered in excess of $30M revenue by successfully driving the creation of customer technical learning products. Performed new product introduction and product life-cycle (PLC) activities such as program justification and scope, forecasting, deliverables, delivery model, resourcing, financial impact, metrics & ROI, and program milestone and execution. Wrote course descriptions, created Learning Paths, and contributed content to sales guides, press releases and announcements. Used tools to monitor quality and took appropriate action for improvement.-Delivered incremental revenue in excess of $500K as the Lead Program Manager on a team to create the first Live Virtual Class for Sun Cluster with individual self-paced online labs.-Successfully managed the creation and deployment of the Sun Certified Installer for Sun Cluster 3.x certification program for Sun support services, professional services and partners, as part of a Six Sigma effort.Developer Learning Programs Marketing Integration ManagerSun MicrosystemsApril 1999  –  April 2002 (3 years 1 month)-Performed internal business development and marketing for Sun's external education business. Integrated and bundled educational services with Sun's products and messaging campaigns.-Successfully implemented a discounted skills package offer for the Sun Startup and Sun Developer Hardware programs. -Generated over $300K/yr in incremental sales by implementing two education discount programs for the Sun Tech Days and the Sun Developer Education programs. Participated in worldwide road show.Manager, Global PS Field TrainingSun MicrosystemsApril 1995  –  March 1999 (4 years)-Managed the Global Field Training Department for Sun Professional Services. -Designed, implemented, and managed technical and consulting training programs that met global field requirements. -Developed and delivered monthly Field New Hire Training program where students heard from top executives at Sun and teamed with Sales. -Assisted with event planning and execution for 2500+ employees at annual 4-day technical conference. -Managed training staff, worked across lines of business to determine and develop curriculum, and managed annual $2.3M budget.SkillsProgram ManagementTrainingProject ManagementCross-functional Team LeadershipSaaSStrategyInstructional DesignLeadershipProcess ImprovementVendor ManagementEnterprise SoftwareBusiness Process ImprovementOracleBusiness DevelopmentHuman ResourcesSee 35+E-LearningTraining OperationsCurriculum ManagementLMS (SuccessFactors, iLearning, Plateau)Cornerstone OnDemandNew Hire and Onboarding ProgramsTechnical Training ProgramsPortal ManagementEvent ManagementHTML (basic)Management Training ProgramsContent Management Systems (Oracle UCM, Maple)Google DriveGoogle DocsTaleoOpenTextWorkdayLearning and DevelopmentJiveWikisSalesforce ChatterCourseraMicrosoft ProjectOmniPlanWebExPanoptoVideo ProductioniLearningMac OSWindowsViDreamweaverAdobe FireworksPhotoshopMS OfficeSee lessHow's this translation?Great•Has errorsThanks for your help!EducationSan Jose State UniversityBachelor of Science (BS), Business Administration: MarketingBachelor of Science (BS), Business Administration: Marketing1983  –  1987Volunteer Experience & CausesGiraffe Animal CareOakland ZooJuly 2015  –  Present (2 years 1 month)Animal WelfareVolunteer at the Oakland Zoo supporting the African Veldt including Giraffe, Eland (Antelope), Egyptian Geese, Zebras, Warthogs, and Camels, and the Children's Zoo Contact Yard including Goats, Sheep, Rabbits, Pigs, and Lemurs. Supported the animal commissary preparing a variety of food and enrichment packages for most of the zoo animals.Causes Laura cares about:Animal WelfareArts and CultureEducationEnvironmentScience and TechnologyRecommendationsA preview of what LinkedIn members have to say about Laura:I've known and worked with Laura for many years at Sun.  Most recently, Laura joined our team and made an immediate impact to our SaaS product, SLX Enterprise.  Laura contributed to our marketing and operations efforts, bringing needed energy to our product as we were launching it to the public.  Her contribution was notable as she had to quickly get up-to-speed on the product, and then translate that knowledge to market awareness and operational readiness.  We would have been sunk without her addition.See moreSee lessLaura was only on my team for a short while, but in that short time, she made a big impact. She quickly jumped in and was up to speed within days. She took over many of our marketing operations tasks and helped drive our marketing strategy through to execution. She was wonderful on organization and follow through. I would highly recommend Laura for anyone looking for an outstanding project manager.See moreSee lessSign up to see who recommended LauraGroupsThe Project Manager Network - #1 Group for Project ManagersThe eLearning GuildLeadership Think TankDevelopers, Engineers & Techies (Java .NET C# HTML5 Android iOs Windows PHP SQL Python Ruby)Google Universe : Jobs, Tools, Trends and Galaxies of IdeasCSU Alumni San JoseThe Hub.Careers Network (#1 in Jobs, Recruiters, HR, Managers, Finance, Marketing & Technology)See 7 moreLMS-InfoTechLMS User Community GroupORACLE CONNECTIONSYahoo Employees and Alumni GroupLearning & PerformanceGlobal SuccessFactors and SAP CommunityPMO - Project Management OfficeSee lessView Laura’s full profile to...See who you know in commonGet introducedContact Laura directlyView Laura’s Full ProfileNot the Laura you’re looking for? View moreView this profile in another languageEnglishGermanChinese (Simplified)Public profile badgeInclude this LinkedIn profile on other websitesView profile badgesFind a different Laura StarkFirst NameLast NameExample:  Laura StarkLaura StarkSenior Vice President and General Manager, Emerging Solutions Division at Rambus Inc.United StatesLaura StarkHuman Resources leaderUnited StatesLaura L. StarkCareer Counselor for Graduate Students and PhDsUnited StatesLaura StarkCurriculum Designer and Marketing SpecialistUnited StatesLaura BaiClinical Nurse Manager at The Mount Sinai HospitalUnited StatesMore professionals named Laura StarkLinkedIn member directory:abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyzmoreBrowse members by country






















Laura Stark Photography




































	close







				close
			






























 
				product			


 
				assigned			


 
				travel			






















Fundraiser by Sarah Stark : Laura's Road to Recovery

























































Donate



 Share
    










 725725

Laura's Road to Recovery




$46,460
 of $50k goal






    Raised by 667 people in 12 months



Donate Now

 Share on Facebook
    











 Share




  Tweet






                     3.7K                

                shares
            





Story


Updates   10











                                                                                    Sarah Stark                                        
                                        
                                        

 GARDEN CITY, MI                                            





                        In May 2016, Laura Stark began the adventure of a lifetime. After raising over $4,500 and completing many community service projects, Laura and a group of other like-minded young people in an organization called Bike and Build left from Yorktown, Virginia on bicycles with hopes of reaching the Pacific Ocean. Stopping along the way to build houses for Habitat for Humanity, Laura and her team were lucky enough to travel across many different states and see some amazing sights, all while raising awareness for the need for affordable housing in America. Laura made it two months into her trip before tragedy struck in Idaho Falls, Idaho . On July 13th, just 2 weeks from reaching the Pacific, Laura and another rider were struck from behind by a car going 65 mph. By the grace of God, a cardiologist and several nurses were nearby and were able to help the girls within minutes. Both were rushed to the nearest trauma center for care. Tragically, Laura's friend and fellow cyclist, Anne Davis , did not survive her injuries.   Currently, Laura is in the ICU at Eastern Idaho Regional Medical Center. She has sustained a serious spinal injury, has many broken bones, and is currently on a ventilator to help her breathe. At this point it is unclear what the lasting damage of this collision will be, including whether or not she will walk again. She has a long road to recovery ahead of her, including weeks in Idaho in the hospital, several surgeries, and physical therapy. While there is still much unknown, Laura has a fantastic medical team working for her. Some of her family has made the trip from Michigan and Virginia to stay with her. However, “Team Laura” needs your help!  Many people have asked how they can help and show compassion. We are asking for monetary donations to help relieve some stress of Laura and her family during this terrible time of uncertainty. The financial burden will no doubt be heavy for Laura and the whole Stark family. It is unknown what exactly Laura will need in the near future, but due to the significance of her injuries, we know that Laura will come across many expenses relating to her health and accommodations. She will also need help paying existing and future bills. Funds will also be used to help alleviate some of the considerable costs incurred by her family as we hope to be able to keep at least one family member near Laura's side as she endures the difficult process of recovery. We will not let her be alone, 1200 miles from home.   Laura is a Christian, a CMU Chip, a Phi Mu, and a “Bike and Build”er, but most importantly, she is a FIGHTER.
                    
+ Read More



Read Latest Update






Help spread the word!




 Share





  Tweet











                                         3.7K                                    

                                    shares on Facebook                                








Update 10

                Posted by Sarah Stark            
7 days ago

   Share
    


11 





Hey all!

I just wanted to shoot everyone an update on the 1 year anniversary of the collision.  You guys have been so essential to my recovery and I want to keep you filled in on what's happening in my life. Here's a link to my blog where you can look to for all future updates!

https://justkeepspinning.net


+ Read More





Update 9

                Posted by Sarah Stark            
9 months ago

   Share
    


33 





Hey friends!

Sorry it’s been so long since I’ve officially updated you all about my progress. The last month has been just that- progress! 

I was released from the hospital mid-September and flew home on the world’s smallest plane. I flew home with Angel Medical Flight and they were so great to me. A HUGE thank you goes to them for the quick, smooth flight back to Jackson and being so attentive to me. I basically slept the whole time, so it must’ve been good! It was such a bittersweet day. I was heartbroken for having to say goodbye to my therapists, nurses, doctors, etc that had become some of my closest friends. They were the only people I knew in Idaho and quickly became my confidants and biggest cheerleaders during recovery. I think I was most nervous about leaving the people I had trusted so much and relied upon during my stay. Luckily, my dad had been in Idaho through it all, so he now knows more than just about anyone. I am so thankful he was there to take over their roles, because without him I would be SO lost! On the other hand, I was getting back to normalcy. It was great to get back to Michigan where my friends would be able to visit and my hair straightener would be ready to use (not kidding- my hair has been my truest struggle...). 

The past month home has flown by! It’s been full of a lot of adjusting and a lot of learning. It was really weird being paralyzed in a new environment. Since the accident, I hadn’t been out of the hospital for more than a few hours! So this month has been full of rediscovering my independence. The first couple days were the hardest. I had questioned myself a lot on whether or not I could actually do this. Being paralyzed is HARD. Real hard. I don’t think I ever imagined just how difficult it would be. Every single thing I do calls for much more effort than before. Getting ready for the day takes 2.5 hours at best, and that is exhausting enough! Those first couple days were full of figuring out my routine, figuring out what I still needed, and figuring out what I could actually do. To say it was an easy transition would be a lie- it was rough. But every day, my dad and I would talk about how this day was easier than yesterday and call it a success! 

Every day has been much better than the previous since then. We finally have a routine down and know what to expect for the most part It’s much easier living with paralysis now and each day is thankfully pretty predictable. 

My favorite part of the week is when I get to go to physical and occupational therapy. I go three times a week for about 2 hrs each time. It's nice to get out of the house, but I thoroughly enjoy the work. I've already learned so much in the few weeks I've been going. I can get around better, pull myself into bed easier, and pick things up off the ground without tipping over. We also work a lot on upper body strength training, which makes everything easier! My upper body used to be so weak, but now I rely on those muscles for everything! I've improved so much in the last couple months and I definitely couldn't have imagined that I'd be doing this well. 

I just want to thank everyone who's been helping me through the past 3 months. I've been so blessed by all of the support, prayers, donations, and cards! I've realized I have so many people that love and care for my family and I. We have been so amazed by all of the help and support we've gotten and continue to receive! We thank God constantly for all he had done. 


Laura


----------
Switching twins... Sarah here :)

In my first GoFundMe update three months ago, I wrote about the day when I turned on music in the ICU and Laura started tapping her fingers along to the beat of "Sleep on the Floor" by the Lumineers. I cried a lot that day. Sad tears, angry tears, totally exhausted tears. The uncertainties were just SO numerous and SO terrifying. I was just so completely overwhelmed and felt so helpless.

A couple weeks ago Laura and I went to the Lumineers concert. It was quite the process even getting there, but we ended up having a lot of fun. The band opened the show with "Sleep on the Floor", and surprise-- more tears!! However, these were no longer sad tears, angry tears, exhausted tears... these were purely 100% HAPPY tears. The uncertainties are still there. But I got to be at a concert with my sister! Three months ago that was an uncertainty. 

The amount of progress Laura has made since July is just amazing. She’s been out to prove everyone wrong since the day she was born, why stop now? Please continue to pray for Laura, my dad, and my family. Like I said, the uncertainties are still very much there. It’s been a slow road to recovery and it’ll continue on for quite some time. But we have faith that this road exists for a reason. There will be good days and bad days, but God has not let us down yet.

xoxSarah


I want to repost Anne’s memorial page ( http://classic.bikeandbuild.org/rider/9169) and her GoFundMe page ( https://www.gofundme.com/2g65nuhp). This tragedy affected so many people, but no one as much as her parents and brother. We send love and pray for the Davis family daily, and we think of Anne constantly. 
My Idaho family!The Lumineers concert!Made it back in time for Sarahs wedding!

+ Read More





Update 8

                Posted by Sarah Stark            
10 months ago

   Share
    


33 





Hey friends! Laura here with my first official update!

I've been doing so much better since the last update and everything is becoming a little more routine. I usually have two sessions of therapy in the morning and two sessions in the afternoon. Those tend to be separated by a couple of doctor visits, wound care, and most importantly LUNCH. My obligations for the day are usually done by late afternoon leaving me absolutely exhausted! I haven't had a nap in 3 days, so life is getting a little rough here in Idaho!

Everyday tasks that used to take no thought at all have taken me weeks to re-master! It now only takes me about 20 minutes to get dressed (And I don't even have to worry about my outfit!), so I'm pretty impressed with myself there. Right now I'm working on transferring myself to a wheelchair without any assistance, and I'm soooo close! Today was my best day yet, so I'm pretty excited to see what tomorrow will bring! I can definitely tell I am getting stronger, and for that I am so thankful. When I first started therapy, my arms were practically useless, so it's nice to be able to finally rely on them.

My blood pressure has finally been relatively cooperative, so I've been able to do so much more! My favorite two things I've been able to do are take a real shower and brush my teeth over the sink. I would have never thought doing those two tasks again would bring me so much joy, but it really has! I'm starting to feel like myself again! It's nice to not be so reliant on other people for everything. I feel so needy asking people to hand me things or grab me a blanket, but I just can’t get up whenever I want yet. I've always deemed myself a pretty self-reliant and independent person, but I didn't know humility until I've had to live in the hospital for 2 months. God always has a way of teaching you the lessons you need most and I'm finally learning! I've also been able to get in my wheelchair more, which is great because I am starting to get sick of being in bed so much.

My next big milestone will be getting my dumb brace off! I have a countdown and it's almost like waiting for Christmas! An x-ray next week will be the deciding factor and I pray that my spine has healed enough.

I cannot thank everyone enough for all the support I've received in the last (almost!) 7 weeks! I've received so many prayers, well wishes, visits, present, flowers, snacks, and more. I appreciate and look forward to all the texts and cards just letting me know someone's thinking about and praying for me. Those kinds of things really speed up the healing process! Please continue to pray for me as I get used to wheelchair mobility and relying on my arms for everything! Pray for my family, and especially my dad, who's been so great and helpful to me. My dad has been truly a lifesaver, as I've allowed so much responsibility to be placed in his hands and I really don't know if I could ever thank him enough! I honestly don't know what I'd do without such a great support system!

Love you all,

Laura
Playing horseshoes with Dad (I won!)

+ Read More





Update 7

                Posted by Sarah Stark            
11 months ago

   Share
    


22 





Floating on

Well, it has been almost a month since the collision in good ol Idaho Falls. We have so much to be grateful for, so much to be amazed by, and still, so much to think about and figure out. Life has calmed down a bit, but that doesn't mean that any of us in my family have been able to really return to “normal”.

Laura has been in EIRMC’s in-patient rehab program for about a week now. She has a room to herself due to the significance of her injuries and the need for special equipment. She's always been high-maintenance (Oh wait, that's me…) but she seems to be adapting well and is really putting forth an awesome mindset. She still has not regained feeling in her legs (yet!), so she is in rehab to work on getting her independence back. She has to learn, or in some cases “re-learn”, how to do things like putting on clothes, bathroom things, transferring from bed to wheelchair, sitting up and staying up, propping herself up… it's hard work! 

She has about 3 hours of physical therapy and occupational therapy a day Monday-Saturday, and gets a bit of a break on Sunday where she only has 45 minutes of “work”. The other day, she was able to get in a wheelchair (a real one this time!) and go outside again. This time she enjoyed it a lot more and actually said it was fun! She's also taken some trips to the weight room to pump some iron to work on getting those arm muscles stronger. 

For those keeping track of the ongoing Brace Saga, Laura is now in the brace for about 6 hours a day! They put it on at the beginning of the day and she keeps it on until her last therapy session is over. She even eats with it on! She's definitely come a loooooong way!!! The current issue is her blood pressure. Whenever they sit Laura up properly in a chair, her BP goes crazy and drops, because after the month of craziness she's endured, her body is just not used to being in a sitting position anymore. However, she says it's beginning to be less of a nuisance, so hopefully the BP complication works it's way out soon.

As of today, she told me she still has at least another 6 weeks in rehab in Idaho. From what I understand, she'll then be able to return home semi-normally, without major medical support needed. Once she gets back to Michigan, she will continue with an out-patient rehab program to continue treatment and support. My dad returned to the Mitten today for a few well-deserved nights of sleep in his own bed! He's also going to begin the process of making his new house wheelchair accessible for my sister when she gets home.

Laura is finally off of fluid restriction and is back to a regular diet. I'm using the term “regular” loosely because she has now found the pediatric menu and has not since looked back.... chicken nuggets and fries for dinner is wayy more fun than turkey ala king :)

Eight of Laura's Bike and Build team members came and hung out with her for a couple days. It was a total surprise for Laura and she loved it!! She said they brought her tons of Wendy's and root beer floats. They even shaved her legs for her… and if that's not true friendship then I don't know what is!!! Hahah. I'm sooo glad she got to spend time with her friends! Family is great and awesome but sometimes you just need your pals. Friends are the best therapy!

So that's about it from us… just work, work, working!!! Laura's fighting hard every day. Sometimes I get stuck thinking about where we were 1 week ago… 2 weeks ago… 3 weeks ago and it's just amazing the amount of progress she has made!!! God had truly and completely been guiding us, protecting us, and strengthening us.

A few people have been asking me what they can send to Laura as far as care packages go. When I asked if she wanted/needed anything she said that for the most part she is totally set, except that she is “lacking in the snack department”. Her treat reserve is running out! As far as other kinds of gifts, her room isn't gigantic and she won't be there forever... so please keep her current storage situation and future shipping costs in mind, haha.

As usual, we want to say a loud THANK YOU for loving us, praying for us, supporting us, checking on us, donating to us, feeding us, asking about us, etc etc. I could go on for days about how fortunate we are! I thank God daily for all of the miracles and blessing we continue to see every single day, as well as for all of the awesome people who are helping us out right now. We are truly humbled. Please continue to keep Laura and my family in mind and in prayer!

xoxSarah

One-third of CUS16!

+ Read More




Help spread the word!




 Share





  Tweet











                                     3.7K                                

                                shares on Facebook
                            


Read a Previous Update





Previous update






                            You're on update                        
                                        10                



                                        9                



                                        8                



                                        7                



                                        6                



                                        5                



                                        4                



                                        3                



                                        2                



                                        1                




Next update








                    Subscribe to Updates                






            Most Liked Comments  
            



Recent


Most Liked








There was an error with your comment. Please try again.

×






Log out









              Leave a Comment        


              Post Comment
        

















                    Leigh Hulewicz
                


                    12 months ago
                


66




I am a Phi Mu and graduated from MSU in 1990.  My thoughts and prayers our with Laura, her sister, father and extended family. I know this will be very difficult but stay strong and positive and God will help guide you through this difficult time.  LIOB Leigh

+ Read More












                    Margie Martin Kennedy
                


                    11 months ago
                


44




Laura.  Hang in there. I am praying for your recovery! Today,  my daughter and I I drove out to the Angel Bike established in Anne's honor.  It is a very touching tribute.  We are so sorry about your friend, Anne.  The messages written on the bike from the rest of the team are very uplifting.  I hope you get to read them, yourself, and add yours before you leave Idaho Falls.  ❤️

+ Read More












                    Liz Aguilar Selinski
                


                    12 months ago
                


44




I am so so happy to hear that Laura is improving! Thank you for the updates. Much love and prayers coming from Garden City, Michigan! Stay strong and positive!

+ Read More












                    Carol Moyer Bredesen
                


                    10 months ago
                


33




Hi Laura,  So pleased to hear you are making great progress.  Keep it up! You have my ongoing prayers and best wishes. Carol Bredesen  Manhattan,  KS

+ Read More












                    Mary Jane Schwartz
                


                    11 months ago
                


33




Dear Laura- You don't know me but I know so much about you  .My grandson James Birnie was a fellow rider and I want you to know that our family is praying for you and your family.  We are so happy for your progress and to see your beautiful smile.  Be strong--God has you in the palm of His hand and He ain't gonna let go!  With love-Jane  Schwartz

+ Read More












                    KathyLee Wever
                


                    12 months ago
                


33




Wow...God is amazing and I love reading your updates. We will continue to pray for complete healing and especially her lungs!

+ Read More












                    Katherine R Forbush
                


                    12 months ago
                


33




I teared up reading this. My sisters and I are so close that I can only imagine how you feel. They are my whole heart, so I can only imagine that Laura being your twin is yours too. I still pray everyday for Laura. I am glad that things seem to be looking in a good direction. Prayer will continue for her along with the family of Anne. ♥ Keep your chin up. God's got this ;)

+ Read More












                    Cathie McCormack Richardson
                


                    12 months ago
                


33




Glad to hear some good news. Keeping the prayers coming. Cathie Richardson, Chester, VA

+ Read More












                    KathyLee Wever
                


                    10 months ago
                


22




Laura I am the crazy instrumental music teacher at your sisters school who was her partner teacher for two years! Mark and I and many others have been praying for you and keeping up with your journey.  I find your attitude and post amazing! I love hearing of your recovery and faith through your sister.  I think your father is an amazing Godly man who is doing for you what any really good parent would want to do for their child.  I bet just seeing you work so hard and succeed as you have is thanks enough for your dad. Keep your eyes on the Lord....He will sustain you.  Your situation has touched me and made me praise God all the more......keep on moving forward and congratulations on your upper body strength!

+ Read More












                    Gail Jankowski Wojciechowski
                


                    10 months ago
                


22




Laura, you have always been a strong woman.  Now you are learning just how strong you are.  I love your positive attitude.  Many people would just wallow in self pity, but not you.  You are going to do wonderful things with your life.  It will just take a little longer.  I have been sending all kinds of love and prayers.  Keep working and you will be rewarded.  Lots of love coming your way. ♥ ♥ Mrs. Wojo.

+ Read More












                    Liz Aguilar Selinski
                


                    11 months ago
                


22




Thank you for the updates!!! Keeping strong Laura. Love from Garden City.

+ Read More












                    Carol Moyer Bredesen
                


                    11 months ago
                


22




Thank you for your ongoing updates, Sarah!  Know my thoughts and prayers are with Laura and your entire family.  Very thankful she is improving even if progress is slow.  Laura, keep smiling -- many people you don't know love you and are pulling for you!!!

+ Read More












                    Liz Aguilar Selinski
                


                    10 months ago
                


11




I have tears in my eyes Laura. You are such a strong person! Keep fighting and working hard. Your Father is amazing! As a parent, we would take our last breath for our children. I am sure he would have it no other way than to be by your side during this time. Love and prayers from Garden City, Mi

+ Read More












                    Cathie McCormack Richardson
                


                    10 months ago
                


11




Keep up the good work Laura! I bet you will be returning to Michigan soon. Continued prayers for you and your family. Cathie Richardson

+ Read More












                    Paula Cookson
                


                    10 months ago
                


11




Hey Laura,  I teach with Sarah and consider her a great friend.  I just wanted to let you know that you're always in my prayers.  I am so impressed how well you are doing. God does work in great ways.  You are a true testament to that.  Keep it up. Love to you and your family. Paula and John Cookson

+ Read More












                    Pat Monroe
                


                    10 months ago
                


11




Laura, we are so happy to read about your progress. You are an amazing young lady, to have gone through all this and still have that beautiful smile. Praying for you everyday to get to the place you and your wonderful family can bring you home, where you will continue your therapies. Stay strong and know many many people are praying for you everyday.  Love to you and your family.

+ Read More












                    Christy McDonald Solarczyk
                


                    10 months ago
                


11




I love hearing your progress, Laura!  Providence Bible Church here in Culpeper, Va is praying for you!  Stay strong and keep fighting!  Jeremiah 29:11.

+ Read More












                    Laura Palescandolo
                


                    11 months ago
                


11




Central US 2009 / Coastal Drift 2015 alumna here.  I have been following Laura on her journey of recovery.  She demonstrates great bravery, determination, and fortitude that not many would have.  Life has presented Laura with a detour that will make her a stronger, more resilient person.  Each day is progress, whether on the open road or the road to recovery.  I look forward to future updates and seeing Laura as she continues to conquer all challenges.  Love from New Jersey.  PS - Thanks to you guys, I am now an avid Lumineers fan.

+ Read More












                    Liz Aguilar Selinski
                


                    11 months ago
                


11




Thank you for the updates! Your Garden City family is still praying and thinking of you! I love your short hair style!

+ Read More












                    Ann de Leon
                


                    11 months ago
                


11




Thank you, Sarah, for keeping us updated with Laura's progress.  Way to go, Laura! Although we haven't personally met,  our family feels very connected to yours, as we think about you and pray for you daily.

+ Read More







                  Read More
            




                Viewing 20 of 24 Comments            

 



            Ask GoFundMe a Question        



            Report Campaign        










$46,460
 of $50k goal






    Raised by 667 people in 12 months





Donate Now

 Share on Facebook
    



Created July 15, 2016






                    Sarah Stark                


  Medical


  GARDEN CITY, MI        



 




            Recent Donations  
            



Recent


Most Liked


Highest











                Your share could be bringing in donations. Sign in to track your impact.            


   Connect                

                    We will never post without your permission.                







                In the future, we'll let you know if your sharing brings in any donations.            






                We weren't able to connect your Facebook account. Please try again later.            



 




            SO        




$50
Steve & Kea Oboth
13 hours ago 

  




Your positive attitude is so inspiring! You are amazing!




More
                

 Share
    






            EW        




$50
Eric Williams
1 day ago 

  




You are amazing.  I appreciate the contact, to hear your story.  I'm an old cyclist and respect the love you have for the road, and your journey.  Will continue to follow your with interest and send you may best vibrations.




More
                

 Share
    






            RM        




$100
Roger Mayes
4 days ago 

  




2017 riders arrive in Idaho Falls tomorrow.  We are still praying for you.




More
                

 Share
    






            BP        




$100
Beth Patterson
6 days ago 

11




Hi Laura!  We think of you often.   Take care




More
                

 Share
    






            LA        




$50
Linda Allen
7 days ago 

11








More
                

 Share
    






            CR        




$100
Catherine Rains
7 days ago 

11




God speed!




More
                

 Share
    






            JS        




$50
Jeanne Shroat
8 days ago 

44




Laura ,buy Sarah some ear plugs lol.




More
                

 Share
    






            MB        




$50
Mike & Joan Boog
2 months ago 

22




Every year during Lent, we make a monetary offering and felt that you could use it for your expenses.  We will continue to pray for you every day.  May God be with you on your journey to healing.  Love, Mike & Joan Boog




More
                

 Share
    










$25
Dawn Waddell DeLong
4 months ago 

11




Love & Prayers Always!




More
                

 Share
    






            SH        




$25
Scottie Henderson
6 months ago 

11








More
                

 Share
    







                      See More                





                Viewing 10 of 667 Donations
            









            Most Liked Comments  
            



Recent


Most Liked








There was an error with your comment. Please try again.

×






Log out









              Leave a Comment        


              Post Comment
        

















                    Leigh Hulewicz
                


                    12 months ago
                


66




I am a Phi Mu and graduated from MSU in 1990.  My thoughts and prayers our with Laura, her sister, father and extended family. I know this will be very difficult but stay strong and positive and God will help guide you through this difficult time.  LIOB Leigh

+ Read More












                    Margie Martin Kennedy
                


                    11 months ago
                


44




Laura.  Hang in there. I am praying for your recovery! Today,  my daughter and I I drove out to the Angel Bike established in Anne's honor.  It is a very touching tribute.  We are so sorry about your friend, Anne.  The messages written on the bike from the rest of the team are very uplifting.  I hope you get to read them, yourself, and add yours before you leave Idaho Falls.  ❤️

+ Read More












                    Liz Aguilar Selinski
                


                    12 months ago
                


44




I am so so happy to hear that Laura is improving! Thank you for the updates. Much love and prayers coming from Garden City, Michigan! Stay strong and positive!

+ Read More












                    Carol Moyer Bredesen
                


                    10 months ago
                


33




Hi Laura,  So pleased to hear you are making great progress.  Keep it up! You have my ongoing prayers and best wishes. Carol Bredesen  Manhattan,  KS

+ Read More












                    Mary Jane Schwartz
                


                    11 months ago
                


33




Dear Laura- You don't know me but I know so much about you  .My grandson James Birnie was a fellow rider and I want you to know that our family is praying for you and your family.  We are so happy for your progress and to see your beautiful smile.  Be strong--God has you in the palm of His hand and He ain't gonna let go!  With love-Jane  Schwartz

+ Read More












                    KathyLee Wever
                


                    12 months ago
                


33




Wow...God is amazing and I love reading your updates. We will continue to pray for complete healing and especially her lungs!

+ Read More












                    Katherine R Forbush
                


                    12 months ago
                


33




I teared up reading this. My sisters and I are so close that I can only imagine how you feel. They are my whole heart, so I can only imagine that Laura being your twin is yours too. I still pray everyday for Laura. I am glad that things seem to be looking in a good direction. Prayer will continue for her along with the family of Anne. ♥ Keep your chin up. God's got this ;)

+ Read More












                    Cathie McCormack Richardson
                


                    12 months ago
                


33




Glad to hear some good news. Keeping the prayers coming. Cathie Richardson, Chester, VA

+ Read More












                    KathyLee Wever
                


                    10 months ago
                


22




Laura I am the crazy instrumental music teacher at your sisters school who was her partner teacher for two years! Mark and I and many others have been praying for you and keeping up with your journey.  I find your attitude and post amazing! I love hearing of your recovery and faith through your sister.  I think your father is an amazing Godly man who is doing for you what any really good parent would want to do for their child.  I bet just seeing you work so hard and succeed as you have is thanks enough for your dad. Keep your eyes on the Lord....He will sustain you.  Your situation has touched me and made me praise God all the more......keep on moving forward and congratulations on your upper body strength!

+ Read More












                    Gail Jankowski Wojciechowski
                


                    10 months ago
                


22




Laura, you have always been a strong woman.  Now you are learning just how strong you are.  I love your positive attitude.  Many people would just wallow in self pity, but not you.  You are going to do wonderful things with your life.  It will just take a little longer.  I have been sending all kinds of love and prayers.  Keep working and you will be rewarded.  Lots of love coming your way. ♥ ♥ Mrs. Wojo.

+ Read More












                    Liz Aguilar Selinski
                


                    11 months ago
                


22




Thank you for the updates!!! Keeping strong Laura. Love from Garden City.

+ Read More












                    Carol Moyer Bredesen
                


                    11 months ago
                


22




Thank you for your ongoing updates, Sarah!  Know my thoughts and prayers are with Laura and your entire family.  Very thankful she is improving even if progress is slow.  Laura, keep smiling -- many people you don't know love you and are pulling for you!!!

+ Read More












                    Liz Aguilar Selinski
                


                    10 months ago
                


11




I have tears in my eyes Laura. You are such a strong person! Keep fighting and working hard. Your Father is amazing! As a parent, we would take our last breath for our children. I am sure he would have it no other way than to be by your side during this time. Love and prayers from Garden City, Mi

+ Read More












                    Cathie McCormack Richardson
                


                    10 months ago
                


11




Keep up the good work Laura! I bet you will be returning to Michigan soon. Continued prayers for you and your family. Cathie Richardson

+ Read More












                    Paula Cookson
                


                    10 months ago
                


11




Hey Laura,  I teach with Sarah and consider her a great friend.  I just wanted to let you know that you're always in my prayers.  I am so impressed how well you are doing. God does work in great ways.  You are a true testament to that.  Keep it up. Love to you and your family. Paula and John Cookson

+ Read More












                    Pat Monroe
                


                    10 months ago
                


11




Laura, we are so happy to read about your progress. You are an amazing young lady, to have gone through all this and still have that beautiful smile. Praying for you everyday to get to the place you and your wonderful family can bring you home, where you will continue your therapies. Stay strong and know many many people are praying for you everyday.  Love to you and your family.

+ Read More












                    Christy McDonald Solarczyk
                


                    10 months ago
                


11




I love hearing your progress, Laura!  Providence Bible Church here in Culpeper, Va is praying for you!  Stay strong and keep fighting!  Jeremiah 29:11.

+ Read More












                    Laura Palescandolo
                


                    11 months ago
                


11




Central US 2009 / Coastal Drift 2015 alumna here.  I have been following Laura on her journey of recovery.  She demonstrates great bravery, determination, and fortitude that not many would have.  Life has presented Laura with a detour that will make her a stronger, more resilient person.  Each day is progress, whether on the open road or the road to recovery.  I look forward to future updates and seeing Laura as she continues to conquer all challenges.  Love from New Jersey.  PS - Thanks to you guys, I am now an avid Lumineers fan.

+ Read More












                    Liz Aguilar Selinski
                


                    11 months ago
                


11




Thank you for the updates! Your Garden City family is still praying and thinking of you! I love your short hair style!

+ Read More












                    Ann de Leon
                


                    11 months ago
                


11




Thank you, Sarah, for keeping us updated with Laura's progress.  Way to go, Laura! Although we haven't personally met,  our family feels very connected to yours, as we think about you and pray for you daily.

+ Read More







                  Read More
            




                Viewing 20 of 24 Comments            

 



            Ask GoFundMe a Question        



            Report Campaign        



 












 






        Like This Campaign?
        


            Please use your Facebook account or email address
        



        Your email didn't look right. Please try again.
    



            Please use your Facebookaccount or email address  




or


Or, use your email…

Use My Email Address





            By continuing, you agree with the GoFundMe            terms
            and privacy policy











        Sharing increases donations.
        


            Share your unique link to see how much your shares help.
        




Campaign Link






                    Add an embeddable widget                



                    Print a campaign sign                




Embed






 Campaign Image


Show Campaign Image





Show Organizer Info


Show Organizer Info








or




             Send a Text Message
        








        Subscribe to Updates        

Connect to Facebook to follow this campaign
We will notify you of campaign updates





Connect to Facebook tofollow this campaign


                      Follow Campaign
                


We will never post without your permission


We will notify you ofcampaign updates














        Contact the Organizer        
            Your message has been sent!        




        Your email didn't look right. Please try again.
    









Sarah Stark
Campaign Organizer
659 Facebook Friends













                    Send Message
                



Your message has been sent!














        Campaign Not Ready
        



        There's an issue with this Campaign Organizer's account. Our team has contacted them with the solution! Please ask them to sign in to GoFundMe and check their account. Return to Campaign









        Manage your Donation
        

    Your donation is currently public

    Your donation is currently public





        We could not change how your donation is displayed. Please try again.
    



Manage your Donation


                    Your donation is currently public



                    Make Anonymous
                
Cancel


Your donation is now anonymous













Cancel Monthly Donation
Edit Monthly Donation



                Your monthly donation of $0.00 is active.
            


                Your monthly donationof $0.00 is now canceled.  





        We could not cancel your recurring donation. Please try again.
    



Edit monthly donation



                    Your monthly donation of $0.00 is active.
                


                    Cancel Monthly Donations
                


                    Continue Monthly Donations
                


Your monthly donationof $0.00 is now canceled.














        Edit Comment
        

Your comment has been edited.






        We could not edit your comment. Please try again.
    




Edit Comment


Your comment has been edited.















        What does verified mean? GoFundMe has verified that the funds raised will go directly to the intended recipient.



GoFundMe has verified that the funds raised will go directly to the intended recipient.



Close









            Thank you for sharing.
            


                Are you ready for the next step?                
                Even a $5 donation can help!
            



            Donate Now?
            


                Give today to help this campaign reach this goal.
            




                Thank you for sharing.
            


                Are you ready for the next step?                
                Even a $5 donation can help!
            





                Donate Now
            


                Not now
            









            Want to track your impact?
            


                Connect on Facebook to keep track of how many donations your share brings.
            


            Connect on Facebook to keep track of how many donations your share brings.        









                We will never post on Facebook without your permission.                







This campaign needs your support


Donate Now









        Want to track your impact?
        


            Connect on Facebook to keep track of how many donations your share brings.
        


        Connect on Facebook to keep track of how many donations your share brings.    









            We will never post on Facebook without your permission.

            




 
















                              Continue                        








Account Detected

                    We're signing you in to your GoFundMe account now.                











Confirm Your Email
This is my primary email address





                                Oops, something went wrong.                            


 Email address for Firstname Lastname.                         Not Firstname?


                          My Email Looks Good                    




 



















 or 





                                Oops, something went wrong.                            







                                    Oops, something went wrong.                                







                                    Oops, something went wrong.                                







                                    Oops, something went wrong.                                







                                    Oops, something went wrong.                                


Sign Up








Use Email Address

 


                        GoFundMe’s fee is 5% per donation, and our payment processor’s fee is 2.9% + $0.30 per donation. GoFundMe will never post without your permission. By continuing, you agree with the GoFundMe terms and  privacy policy.                    




Already have an account? Sign in.

 








 


100+ Laura Stark profiles
 | LinkedIn
 




































LinkedIn



















































Main content starts below.




Laura Stark profilesShare on LinkedInShare on FacebookShare on TwitterShare on Google+Find your connection on LinkedInJoin the world's largest professional networkJoin nowSign inPublic ProfileLaura StarkSenior Vice President and General Manager, Emerging Solutions Division at Rambus Inc.LocationSan Francisco Bay AreaIndustrySemiconductorsCurrentSenior Vice President, Corporate Strategy and M&A at Rambus Inc., Director at Roy-G-Biv CorporationPastSenior Vice President, Corporate Development at Rambus Inc., Senior Vice President, Platform Solutions Group at Rambus Inc., Vice...EducationMassachusetts Institute of TechnologyView Full ProfilePublic ProfileLaura StarkHuman Resources leaderLocationGreater St. Louis AreaIndustryHuman ResourcesCurrentDirector of Human Resources at Castlewood Treatment CenterPastDirector - HR Standardization and Compliance at Mercy, Director - Talent Acquisition at Mercy, Manager - Talent Management at Mercy, Senior...EducationMissouri State UniversitySummaryHighly experienced human resources professional that demonstrates and expresses an understanding of and a commitment to the organizations...View Full ProfilePublic ProfileLaura L. StarkCareer Counselor for Graduate Students and PhDsLocationGreater Boston AreaIndustryHigher EducationCurrentDirector of Graduate Career Advising and Programming for Master’s and PhD Students at Harvard University, Office of Career ServicesPastAssistant Director and Coordinator of GSAS Programming at Harvard University, Office of Career Services, Assistant Director, Graduate...EducationYale University, Bucknell UniversitySummaryHigher education professional with 15+ years experience in career and professional development for graduate students and PhDs. Expertise in...View Full ProfilePublic ProfileLaura StarkProgram Management | People Development | Learning Programs & Technologies | Program Operations | Talent ProgramsLocationSan Francisco Bay AreaIndustryInformation Technology and ServicesCurrentCornerstone OnDemand LMS System Administrator and L&D Program Manager at PfizerPastHR Program Manager, Global Talent Programs at Yahoo, Learning Technologies, Technical Training and Global Delivery Operations Program...EducationSan Jose State UniversitySummarySenior Program Manager for Learning and Development (L&D) (Technical, Sales, Managers), as well as Learning Technologies, portals, and LMS...View Full ProfilePublic ProfileLaura StarkSenior Corporate Lawyer at Swisse WellnessLocationMelbourne, AustraliaIndustryHealth, Wellness and FitnessCurrentSenior Corporate Lawyer at Swisse WellnessPastCorporate Lawyer at Swisse Wellness, Mentor for the Young Lawyers' Mentoring Program at Law Society of South Australia, Member of Young...EducationUniversity of South Australia, University of South Australia, Loreto CollegeView Full ProfilePublic ProfileLaura StarkCurriculum Designer and Marketing SpecialistLocationGreater Boston AreaIndustryHospital & Health CareCurrentSr. Product Marketing Specialist at Casenet, LLCPastCurriculum Developer/Technical Writer at Casenet, LLC, Senior Training Specialist/Credentialed Trainer Lead at The Massachusetts Eye and...EducationHope College, Westford AcademySummarySpecialties: Project management • Software implementation • Instructional Design • e-Learning •  Classroom training LMS Administration •...View Full ProfilePublic ProfileLaura BaiClinical Nurse Manager at The Mount Sinai HospitalLocationGreater New York City AreaIndustryHospital & Health CareCurrentClinical Nurse Manager at The Mount Sinai HospitalPastClinical Nurse Manager at The Mount Sinai Hospital, Clinical Nursing Coordinator at The Mount Sinai Hospital, Registered Nurse at The Mount...EducationCase Western Reserve University, Columbia University School of Nursing, Georgetown UniversityView Full ProfilePublic ProfileLaura StarkManager On Boarding PEXA (Property Exchange Australia)LocationMelbourne, AustraliaIndustryInformation ServicesCurrentManager On-Boarding at PEXA (Property Exchange Australia)PastSystems Analyst at BMW Financial Services, Settlements Team Leader at BMW Financial Services, Alphabet Sales Operations Manager at BMW...EducationSwinburne University of TechnologyView Full ProfilePublic ProfileLaura (Hale) StarkAssistant store manager of merchandisingLocationGreater Detroit AreaIndustryRetailPastAssistant Store Manager of Merchandising at Victoria's Secret, Sales Manager at Victoria's Secret, Assistant Store Manager of...EducationLivonia, Stevenson High SchoolSummaryWestland mallView Full ProfilePublic ProfileLaura StarkExtraction Supervisor at Tweed Inc.LocationOttawa, Canada AreaIndustryPharmaceuticalsSummaryHard working Scientist achieving high quality in a production laboratory.  Experience in supercritical carbon dioxide extractions, forensic...View Full ProfilePublic ProfileLaura StarkWork with family caregivers to help them find appropriate placement for their loved onesLocationGreater Denver AreaIndustryIndividual & Family ServicesCurrentPublic Speaker at The Stark Reality of Caregiving, Inc.PastHelpline Desk Volunteer at Alzheimer's Association®, Founder & President at Assistance For Caregivers, Inc.EducationColorado Speakers Academy, Westbury High School ?SummaryI am looking for opportunities to be of service to seniors, their families and their caregivers. My preference is to work for a company...View Full ProfilePublic ProfileLaura StarkContinuing Student Advisor in the College of Letters and Science at UW-MilwaukeeLocationGreater Milwaukee AreaIndustryHigher EducationCurrentContinuing Student Advisor in the College of Letters and Science at UW-MilwaukeePastAcademic Advisor at University of Wisconsin - Green Bay, Graduate Intern at Academic Advising, University of Wisconsin-Parkside, Graduate...EducationMarquette University, University of Wisconsin OshkoshView Full ProfilePublic ProfileLaura StarkSenior Communications Executive at EDF EnergyLocationBrighton, United KingdomIndustryUtilitiesCurrentSenior Communications Executive - Mass Market Campaigns at EDF EnergyPastMarketing Executive - SME at EDF Energy, Communications Executive - B2C Acquisition at EDF Energy, Campaign Executive - Regional Marketing...EducationLeeds Beckett UniversitySummaryHighly capable marketing graduate, with 9 years related experience. An expert in developing effective communication strategy and delivering...View Full ProfilePublic ProfileLaura StarkVendor Management at Flame Enterprises/ Director of Outreach and Development at Maryland Ensemble Theatre Comedy PigsLocationWashington D.C. Metro AreaIndustryAirlines/AviationCurrentPurchasing/Vendor Management at Flame Enterprises, Director of Outreach and Development at Maryland Ensemble Theatre, Company Member at...PastDirector of Marketing and PR at M. Quinn Designs, Assistant Sales Manager at E-Brands, Theatre and Improvisation Instructor at Black Rock...EducationShenandoah University, Washington Improvisational TheatreSummaryManagement Professional with over 15 years of experience in coordination, planning and implementation of events.  Effective in a fast paced...View Full ProfilePublic ProfileLaura StarkTechnical Writer at Carbolite GeroLocationSheffield, United KingdomIndustryInformation Technology and ServicesCurrentTechnical Writer at Carbolite GeroPastTechnical Author at Sopra Banking Software, Visitor Assistant at Museums SheffieldEducationThe University of SalfordView Full ProfilePublic ProfileLaura StarkPostgraduate medical student at the University of Western AustraliaLocationPerth, AustraliaIndustryHigher EducationPastCasual academic at RMIT University, Sessional mathematics tutor at Self-employed, Assistant at National Association of Testing Authorities,...EducationThe University of Western Australia, RMIT UniversityView Full ProfilePublic ProfileLaura StarkConstruction AccountingLocationGreater Detroit AreaIndustryAccountingEducationEastern Michigan UniversityView Full ProfilePublic ProfileLaura StarkStaff Writer at Rails-To-Trails ConservancyLocationWashington D.C. Metro AreaIndustryWriting and EditingCurrentStaff Writer at Rails-To-Trails Conservancy, TrailLink.com Content Manager at Rails-To-Trails ConservancyPastDevelopment Associate (temporary position) at Appleseed, Communications Specialist at American Society of Hematology, Administrative...EducationUniversity of Northern ColoradoView Full ProfilePublic ProfileLaura StarkCPA at Ganze & Company, CPAsLocationSan Francisco Bay AreaIndustryAccountingCurrentCPA at Ganze & Company, CPAsPastPartner at Uboldi, Heinke & CompanyEducationSonoma State University, Napa Valley College, Napa High SchoolSummaryMy favorite part of my work is being able to help people.  Sometimes it's a matter of helping someone to meet their current tax reporting...View Full ProfilePublic ProfileLaura StarkInventory Control Coordinator at NestléLocationMelbourne, Florida AreaIndustryFood & BeveragesCurrentInventory Control Coordinator at NestléPastInventory Control Coordinator at Nestlé, Administrative Assistant at Edy's Grand Ice CreamSummaryExcellent organizational and administration skills. Experience in dealing with customers and high level workloads. Looking to start a new...View Full ProfilePublic ProfileLaura StarkCommunications Intern und Extern, Werkstudentin bei SiemensLocationNürnberg Area, GermanyIndustryInternational Trade and DevelopmentCurrentCommunications Intern und Extern, Werkstudentin at SiemensPastWerkstudentin Customer Care Center at Siemens, Business Development Associate at DirectiEducationOtto-Friedrich-Universität Bamberg, Universitat de Barcelona, Otto-Friedrich-Universität BambergView Full ProfilePublic ProfileLaura Stark, LPC-S,NCC--LocationHouston, Texas AreaIndustryMental Health CareCurrentLead Adult Program Therapist/Intern Supervisor at New Dimensions Day Treatment Centers-The WoodlandsPastTherapist/Case Manager at Spring Branch Medical Center, Therapist/Case Manager at Krause Adolescent Treamant Center, Therapist/Case...EducationAmberton University, University of North TexasView Full ProfilePublic ProfileLaura StarkInsurance Advisor - SSE PlcLocationPerth, United KingdomIndustryFinancial ServicesCurrentInsurance Advisor at SSE plc, Insurance Assistant at SSE plcPastDrummer & Dance Caller at Self Employed Musician/Music Instructor, PERSONAL LINES INSURANCE UNDERWRITER at Aviva UK, Bar Manager at...EducationPerth College, Perth College, Auchterarder High SchoolSummaryDetermined, passionate, organised and efficient worker with over 15 years of experience in the Insurance Industry.  Thrive in a high...View Full ProfilePublic ProfileLaura StarkLegal Secretary at Manatt, Phelps & Phillips, LLPLocationAlbany, New York AreaIndustryLaw PracticeCurrentLegal Secretary at Manatt, Phelps & Phillips, LLPPastLegislative Assistant at New York State AssemblyEducationSchenectady County Community CollegeSummarySeven years’ experience as a legal secretary at a national law firm. Proven strong interpersonal and communication skills coupled with the...View Full ProfilePublic ProfileLaura LancasterOwner and Organic Hair Designer at Della Terra SalonLocationIndianapolis, Indiana AreaIndustryConsumer ServicesCurrentOwner and Organic Hair Designer at Della Terra SalonPastSelf-employed Organic Hair Designer at Divas Salon, Hairstylist at Trichology Salon, Carmel, IN, Hairstylist at Divas Salon, Hairstylist at...EducationExcel Academy of Cosmetology, Carmel High SchoolSummaryLicensed Cosmetologist since 2003.  I am looking to rebuild my clientele as I move into bigger and more exciting areas of my field.
...View Full Profile























































Obituary for LAURA T. (Raab)  STARK | Osterhoudt - Madden Funeral Home













































Contact Us  |  Send Flowers






Osterhoudt - Madden Funeral Home | 

P.O. Box 42669-71 Maple Street | 
Harpursville,
			NY
13787 | 

Tel: 1-607-693-1151

 | Fax: 1-607-693-1152


 | omaddenfh@aol.com






Tel: 1-607-693-1151










Contact Us  |  Send Flowers





























Osterhoudt - Madden Funeral Home | 

P.O. Box 42669-71 Maple Street | 
Harpursville,
			NY
13787 | 

Tel: 1-607-693-1151

 | Fax: 1-607-693-1152


 | omaddenfh@aol.com






"A Madden Family Funeral Home"





























Previous



Next

















Push button for menu




Push button for menu





Home




Obituaries




Directions



About Us


About Us


Photographic Tour


Contact Us


Privacy Policy




Services



Product Showroom


Product Showroom


Urn Store



Pre-Plan


Pre-Arrangements


Pre-Arrangements Form



Veterans


Veterans Overview


Veterans Headstones


Veterans Burial Flags



Resources


Local Resources


Frequent Questions


Grief Support


Social Security Benefits















Push button for menu




Push button for menu





Home




Obituaries




Directions



About Us


About Us


Photographic Tour


Contact Us


Privacy Policy




Services



Product Showroom


Product Showroom


Urn Store



Pre-Plan


Pre-Arrangements


Pre-Arrangements Form



Veterans


Veterans Overview


Veterans Headstones


Veterans Burial Flags



Resources


Local Resources


Frequent Questions


Grief Support


Social Security Benefits







































				Welcome to the memorial page for
			LAURA T. (Raab)  STARK
December 30, 1942 ~ May 16, 2017 (age 74)





				Welcome to the memorial page for
			LAURA T. (Raab)  STARK
December 30, 1942 ~ May 16, 2017 (age 74)













Guestbook & more




Guestbook & more





 Obituary




 Service Details




 Guest Book / Condolences




 Send Flowers & Sympathy Gifts




 Photographs




 Home Page









































Stop Music
Start Music
The Piano Brothers






Share using: 
 
					 
					 
 
					





 Obituary


 Service Details


 Guest Book / Condolences


 Send Flowers & Sympathy Gifts


 Photographs


 Home Page










 Obituary			



 Service Details
			







Laura T. Stark
Of Afton
 
Laura T. Stark , 75 of Afton passed away Tues. evening May 16, 2017 at Our Lady of Lourdes Hospital with her family by her side.  She is survived by her children, Mike & Rebecca Stark, Kirkwood, Marl Stark, Afton, Lori & Frank Caratelli, Afton, 4 grandchildren, Saverio, Vincent, Nikita & Colin, 1 great grandchild, Zane.  She was a 31 year retired employee of Afton Central Schools where she was known as “The Hammer.”
 
Memorial Services will be held at the Osterhoudt-Madden Funeral Home 69-71 Maple Street Harpursville on Wed. at 6 p.m.  The family will receive friends at the Osterhoudt-Madden Funeral Home on Wed. from 4:30 p.m. to 6 p.m. prior to service.  On-line condolences may be made at:   www.omaddenfh.com.












 Service Information
			







Visitation
WednesdayMay 24, 20174:30 PM to 6:00 PMOsterhoudt-Madden Funeral Home69-71 Maple StHarpursville, NY 13787			



 Directions
					



 Text Details
				



 Email Details
					








Memorial Service
WednesdayMay 24, 20176:00 PMOsterhoudt-Madden Funeral Home69-71 Maple StHarpursville, NY 13787			



 Directions
					



 Text Details
				



 Email Details
					











Image: dan / FreeDigitalPhotos.net 










SEND FLOWERS






Osterhoudt - Madden Funeral Home | 

P.O. Box 42669-71 Maple Street | 
Harpursville,
			NY
13787 | 

Tel: 1-607-693-1151

 | Fax: 1-607-693-1152


 | omaddenfh@aol.com






Osterhoudt - Madden Funeral Home | 

P.O. Box 42669-71 Maple Street | 
Harpursville,
			NY
13787 | 

Tel: 1-607-693-1151

 | Fax: 1-607-693-1152


 | omaddenfh@aol.com






Osterhoudt - Madden Funeral Home | 

P.O. Box 42669-71 Maple Street | 
Harpursville,
			NY
13787 | 

Tel: 1-607-693-1151

 | Fax: 1-607-693-1152


 | omaddenfh@aol.com









Home

Home



Obituaries

All Obituaries



Directions

Directions



About Us

About Us
Photographic Tour
Contact Us
Privacy Policy



Services

Our Services



Product Showroom

Product Showroom
Urn Store



Pre-Plan

Pre-Arrangements
Pre-Arrangements Form



Veterans

Veterans Overview
Veterans Headstones
Veterans Burial Flags



Resources

Local Resources
Frequent Questions
Grief Support
Social Security Benefits












		© 2017 Osterhoudt - Madden Funeral Home.  All Rights Reserved.  Funeral Home website by CFS 













































HOME | Laura Stark Designs



























 


 














































<






>










COLLECTIONS






The current collections include our signature jewelry line, bridal jewelry line, bridal sashes & ring bearer pillows.  Stay tuned for new work...























VIEW COLLECTION















VIEW COLLECTION


























VIEW COLLECTION
























VIEW COLLECTION















A LITTLE ABOUT US...






READ MORE










LAURA STARK DESIGNS HOME
ABOUT
REAL BRIDES
SHOP
CONTACT



COMPANY
SHOP POLICIES
STOCKISTS





CONTACT
info@laurastark.com
 
www.LAURASTARK.com
 
PO Box 20757
Brooklyn, NY 11202






NEWS & UPDATES






SENDING FORM...


THE SERVER FOUND AN ERROR.


FORM RECEIVED.


>




Sign up to get the latest on new collections and sales.

















© 2017 LAURA STARK DESIGNS. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.

































Missouri Mammoth Hickory Nut - Pecan Trees - Stark Bro's














Contact Us800.325.4180Live Chat



Quick Order

My Account



Sign In or Register











0






Cart EmptyView Cart







Search








Contact Us800.325.4180

My Account



Sign In or Register





Shop by Category




Fruit Trees






Shop Fruit Trees »



Fruit Tree AssortmentsApple TreesApricot TreesBanana PlantsCherry TreesCitrus TreesDogwood TreesFig TreesMulberry Trees




Nectarine TreesOlive TreesPawpaw TreesPeach TreesPear TreesPersimmon TreesPlum TreesPomegranate Trees





Popular Searches

Disease-Resistant Fruit TreesDwarf Fruit TreesHeirloom Fruit TreesIndoor Fruit TreesMulti-Grafted Fruit TreesSemi-Dwarf Fruit TreesStandard Fruit TreesStark Picks





Featured Item




Honeycrisp Apple
$29.99
(131)








Nut Trees






Shop Nut Trees »



Almond TreesChestnut TreesFilbert Hazelnut TreesPecan TreesWalnut Trees





Popular Searches

Black Walnut TreesEnglish Walnut TreesSelf-Pollinating Pecan Trees








Landscape Trees






Shop Landscape Trees »



Flowering TreesShade Trees





Popular Searches

Maple TreesRedbud TreesWillow Trees








Berry Plants






Shop Berry Plants »



Aronia Berry PlantsBlackberry PlantsBlueberry PlantsCranberry PlantsCurrant PlantsElderberry PlantsGoji Berry PlantsGooseberry Plants




Grape VinesHoneyberry PlantsHybrid Berry PlantsKiwi Berry VinesLingonberry PlantsRaspberry PlantsSeaberry PlantsStrawberry Plants





Popular Searches

Black Raspberry PlantsBushel and Berry™Everbearing StrawberriesJune Bearing StrawberriesPrimocane BerriesSeedless GrapesThornless BlackberriesThornless Raspberries





Featured Item




Sweetheart Blueberry
Starting at $12.99
(16)








Garden Plants






Shop Garden Plants »



Garden Plant AssortmentsAsparagus PlantsHerbsHop BinesHorseradish PlantsHydrangeasLilacs




Onion PlantsOrganic Seed PotatoesRhubarb PlantsRosesSweet Potato PlantsWeigelaWisteria





Popular Searches

Climbing RosesGarlic PlantsKnock Out® RosesReblooming LilacsShallot PlantsVegetable Plants





Featured Item




Double Knock Out® Rose
$9.99
(41)








Tools & Supplies






Shop Tools & Supplies »



BooksGift CertificatesKitchen & Canning SuppliesPest & Disease ControlsSoil AdditivesSuccess KitsTools & EquipmentTree AccessoriesWildlife Feeders & Houses





Popular Searches

Bicentennial BooksDigital Soil MetersGarden NettingGift IdeasIrrigation SolutionsNatural Pest & Disease ControlPruning ToolsStark® Fertilizers





Featured Item




Deluxe Multi-Purpose Food Mill
$20.99













Growing Guide




How-To Guides »

How to Grow Apple TreesHow to Grow Blueberry PlantsHow to Grow Cherry TreesHow to Grow Flowering TreesHow to Grow Grape VinesHow to Grow Peach TreesHow to Grow Pear TreesHow to Grow Plum TreesHow to Grow Roses


See All the How-To Guides »



Article Categories

Frequently Asked QuestionsFruit Tree CareHow To GrowProduct FeaturesProjects & IdeasRecipesStories


See the Latest Articles »



Featured Article




Grow a Flavorful Landscape
Don’t let a lack of space or time stop you from growing your own edible landscape plants. Here are some creative tips for planning your landscape.
Read more »









Wholesale



Introduction
Order Selected Varieties
Request a Catalog
Frequently Asked Questions
Pre-Bud & Early Orders




Quick Order





FREE SHIPPING on all orders $79 or more! Ends July 31.





NOTE: It looks like you're web browser does not have JavaScript enabled. This will prevent many features on our site from working as expected. You can enable JavaScript in the settings of your web browser.



Stark Bro's
Nut TreesPecan TreesMissouri Mammoth Hickory Nut

































Missouri Mammoth Hickory Nut

6 ReviewsAsk Questions




Available Spring 2018
Supplies are limited so make sure you don't miss out next time by having us automatically notify you when it becomes available again.
 Email me when it's available









Zones 5 - 8
Is my location compatible?

















Description
Characteristics
Zone Compatibility
Tools & Supplies
Questions & Answers
Customer Reviews





Description

Grow hickory nuts that live up to their name. Hickory trees are closes relatives to pecans. This stately hickory nut tree offers an impressive spread of energy-saving shade at maturity. Yields extremely large, oblong nuts with four distinct outer ridges. Flavor is rich and sweet with a crunchy texture. Ripens in late September. Seedling. For proper pollination, plant at least two hickory seedlings.




Characteristics





Bloom Color
Green

Distance To Pollinator
75 - 250'

Fruit Color
Brown

Fruit Size
Large - Extra Large

Ripens/Harvest
Late September

Shade/Sun
Full Sun

Soil Composition
Loamy






Soil Moisture
Well Drained

Soil pH Level
6.0 - 7.0

Taste
Rich Sweet

Texture
Crisp Crunchy

Years to Bear
8 - 10

Zone Range
5 - 8







Zone Compatibility








                                    This Variety's Zone Range
                                    5 - 8


                                    My Hardiness Zone
                                    ?















The USDA hardiness zones offer a guide to varieties that will grow well in certain climates. Each zone corresponds to the minimum winter temperatures experienced in a given area. Make sure that your hardiness zone lies within the zone compatability range of this variety before ordering.





Tools & Supplies


Having the proper tools and supplies when growing your own can make the difference between a good harvest and a great harvest! Here's a list that our experts recommend for this variety.





Fruit Tree & Ornamental Gro-Stakes®
(6)
$10.99 / Pkg 5



Typar® Tree Circles
(22)
$18.99 / Pkg 4




The Fruit Gardener's Bible
(4)
$24.99



Pruning Made Easy
(8)
$21.99










Questions & Answers




Powered by TurnTo



Questions that need answers
    |
        My Posts





















                    Start typing your question and we'll check if it was already asked and answered. Learn More












Do not include HTML, links, references to other stores, pricing or contact info.

                        My question is about:
                        
                    










If your question is about more than one item, click + to add them.






























        Browse 4 questions
    

        Browse 4 questions
    
                
                    and 11 answers
                
                




Sort by Most Common
Sort by Most Answers
Sort by Fewest Answers
Sort by Most Recent Question
Sort by Oldest Question

















Why did you choose this?
Stark Bro's Store






I grew up in PA and we had lots of hickory trees, love them.



            SUSAN B
        



        on May 20, 2017
    





Need a pollinator for the one I already have.



            Charles S
        



        on Jun 16, 2016
    





I'm reforesting my property.  I plant as many Stark Brothers products as I can afford every year.  This tree will replace a tree from one of your competitors that did not survive it's second winter.  I will not be surprised to find Stark's product to be a healthier, vibrant, faster growing tree then the non-Stark trees that I already planted.  Long live Stark Brothers.



            Joshua Z
        



        on Mar 3, 2016
    





I grew up in PA and we had lots of hickory trees, love them.



            SUSAN B
        



        on May 20, 2017
    





I've always wanted a hickory tree!  I don't care that they are slow-growing.  I cut down two invasive Norway maples in my yard in order to replace them with a native, nut-bearing tree.  The squirrels and I will enjoy these trees as they grow.



            Laura C
        



        on Mar 14, 2017
    





Need a pollinator for the one I already have.



            Charles S
        



        on Jun 16, 2016
    





I remember as a child the huge shellbark nuts, down along the creek of my grandparents farm, and have never seen them anywhere else. So I wanted to grow some of my own.



            Nathan B
        



        on Mar 21, 2016
    





I'm reforesting my property.  I plant as many Stark Brothers products as I can afford every year.  This tree will replace a tree from one of your competitors that did not survive it's second winter.  I will not be surprised to find Stark's product to be a healthier, vibrant, faster growing tree then the non-Stark trees that I already planted.  Long live Stark Brothers.



            Joshua Z
        



        on Mar 3, 2016
    







I've always wanted a hickory tree!  I don't care that they are slow-growing.  I cut down two invasive Norway maples in my yard in order to replace them with a native, nut-bearing tree.  The squirrels and I will enjoy these trees as they grow.



            Laura C
        



        on Mar 14, 2017
    





I remember as a child the huge shellbark nuts, down along the creek of my grandparents farm, and have never seen them anywhere else. So I wanted to grow some of my own.



            Nathan B
        



        on Mar 21, 2016
    








 Hide answers











How fast does the Missouri Mammoth Hickory Nut tree grow?



Jerry T



                            on Mar 27, 2016
                        








BEST ANSWER: In good soil, in the right place, with plenty of water, they will grow very fast for nut trees. Can't give exact specifications, but they seem to grow taller and faster than we ever expected!

Reply

Inaccurate



            Gypsy Cliff
        

on May 9, 2016



















Hide answers





Add Answer
Answer



I Have This Question Too (0)











0





BEST ANSWER: In good soil, in the right place, with plenty of water, they will grow very fast for nut trees. Can't give exact specifications, but they seem to grow taller and faster than we ever expected!

Reply

Inaccurate



            Gypsy Cliff
        

on May 9, 2016
















0





Hi Jerry, I don't know... the regular hickories here in MO grow FAR fasterthan other nut trees...   I did well last year but only first year. Robert





Reply

Inaccurate



            ROBERT M
        

on Mar 27, 2016

Purchased on Sep 8, 2015











0





My trees are only 3 months planted. They are 200 miles away. They did grow about 3 inches in the first month.





Reply

Inaccurate



            ARTHUR D D
        

on Mar 28, 2016

Purchased on Sep 30, 2015









Vote for the best answer above!







What does Loamy mean?



entity247



                            on Feb 3, 2017
                        








BEST ANSWER: Loamy is a type of soil, loose textured mix of sand and clay with plenty of  organic matter.

Reply

Inaccurate



            WILMA H
        

on Feb 3, 2017

Purchased on Sep 24, 2015


















Hide answers





Add Answer
Answer



I Have This Question Too (0)











0





BEST ANSWER: Loamy is a type of soil, loose textured mix of sand and clay with plenty of  organic matter.

Reply

Inaccurate



            WILMA H
        

on Feb 3, 2017

Purchased on Sep 24, 2015















0





Soil composed of a mixture of sand, clay, silt, and organic matter.





Reply

Inaccurate



            William K
        

on Feb 3, 2017

Purchased on Mar 31, 2015









Vote for the best answer above!







Is the Missouri Mammoth a shagbark or shellbark hickory ?



RODGER S



                            on Nov 15, 2016
                        








BEST ANSWER: This is a shellbark hickory nut tree.

Reply

Inaccurate



            Sarah D
        

Staff
on Nov 16, 2016



















Hide answers





Add Answer
Answer



I Have This Question Too (0)











0





BEST ANSWER: This is a shellbark hickory nut tree.

Reply

Inaccurate



            Sarah D
        

Staff
on Nov 16, 2016














Vote for the best answer above!








Questions For Similar Products











Customer Reviews



Powered by TurnTo


Review More Purchases |
        My Posts














                4.2 / 5.0
            

                6 Reviews
            


5 Stars
4 Stars
3 Stars
2 Stars
1 Star














4
1
0
0
1























Sort by Most Helpful
Sort by Most Recent Review
Sort Highest to Lowest
Sort Lowest to Highest
















1 of 2 trees is FANTASTIC!
Several years ago (cannot say exactly how long) we planted 2 of these trees along the road in our front yard and their growth has been unbelievable! They have both grown incredibly fast, and now are both bearing nuts. We would liked have given them a 5 star rating BUT one of them has fantastic nuts that are beyond belief in their taste and yield, while the other one is bearing lots of nuts, but they are not well formed, and are not nearly as good as the ones on the other tree.But they were good enough to encourage us to buy more and plant them in various place around our property. We have been amazed beyond belief at how fast these trees have grown, and the fact that only one of them didn't grow, and had to be replaced. If you want nut trees that are hardy, fast growing, beautiful, and yield really great tasting nuts in a seemingly short amount of time, then these could be the trees for you. B U T... you need a large space for them to grow large in.The year before last we were able to collect enough nuts to make a Hickory Nut Pie, using exactly the recipe for Pecan Pie, and it was so good that our heads almost exploded! It was beyond great. It was too good to be put into words!But, sadly, last year the weather caused these very same trees to not bear more than a handful of nuts. It was the same for almost all the nut trees in this area, including the Black Walnuts that had been reliably bearing lots of nuts for years. We were saddened, but are looking forward to having nuts this year, and unless something totally unforeseen happens, we will have, as the Missouri Mammoth Hickories are growing like mad, and are covered in flowers.I would guess that anyone reading the review up to this point could perceive that we would, without hesitation, recommend these trees for anyone who has the space to grow at least two, and if, like us, you have more space, to grow 20 or 30.Thanks for reading our review. Happy Growing and Much Love from Tree Lovers in Kentucky!

Was this review helpful?
        Yes (9)
No (2)

Flag as Inappropriate




May 9, 2016
Gypsy Cliff



Was this review helpful?
        Yes (9)
No (2)

Flag as Inappropriate












I received my hickory tree and planted it according to the directions and mulched around it. It is doing great and I am really happy with it.  I would recommend this tree to anyone looking for one.                                                               Steve

Was this review helpful?
        Yes (0)
No (0)

Flag as Inappropriate




May 11, 2017
Stephen S

Purchased
 1 year ago


Was this review helpful?
        Yes (0)
No (0)

Flag as Inappropriate











Hickory Nut Tree
Well...a month ago I planted a fine looking, thick, robust looking 3 foot Missouri Mammoth Hickory nut tree. It looks great and growing fast. For the first year Im making sure I water it at least twice a month and once a week when very dry. I will let you know how it looks and how the nuts taste in about 10 years.

Was this review helpful?
        Yes (0)
No (0)

Flag as Inappropriate




June 9, 2017
Bob F

Purchased
 5 months ago


Was this review helpful?
        Yes (0)
No (0)

Flag as Inappropriate











Great stock, head and shoulders above competition
I bought a mammoth Hickory from Stark brothers to replace one from another competing company. The competition's  tree didn't even last the summer. Terrible stock!  The tree that Stark sent has been another prime example of their dedication to a higher quality of product. While Hickory trees are slow and steady growers, this Hickory is growing steadily and looking good.

Was this review helpful?
        Yes (0)
No (0)

Flag as Inappropriate




May 4, 2017
Joshua Z

Purchased
 1 year ago


Was this review helpful?
        Yes (0)
No (0)

Flag as Inappropriate











Did not make it through first winter
These hickory trees did not make it through first winter.  Stark Bros' site states compatible with my zone but if you look at USDA map I am just outside of the eastern range.   Stark walnuts nearby did great but not the hickory.  Maybe better winter protection or larger saplings would help to get them started here in NJ.

Was this review helpful?
        Yes (0)
No (0)

Flag as Inappropriate




May 15, 2017
Jeffery B

Purchased
 1 year ago


Was this review helpful?
        Yes (0)
No (0)

Flag as Inappropriate











Very Hardy tree.
This tree has done reasonably well in a pine forest in the N.W. Florida Sandhills.

Was this review helpful?
        Yes (1)
No (2)

Flag as Inappropriate




August 7, 2016
William K

Purchased
 over 2 years ago


Was this review helpful?
        Yes (1)
No (2)

Flag as Inappropriate








Reviews for Similar Products












Here are more items we think you'll love!





Hi-Yield® Zinc Sulfate
(5)
$19.99



Lever Action Nutcracker
(10)
$59.99




Aronia Berry Plant Collection
(6)
Starting at $29.99




Autumn Magic Aronia Berry
(8)
Starting at $16.99




Blue Honeyberry Plant Collection
(43)
$24.99



Vermilion Sunset™ Goji
(13)
Starting at $18.16



















23sharesShare:











Subscribe to e-newslettersfor timely offers & advice



OK









About Stark Bro's

A growing legacy since 1816. For over 200 years, Stark Bro's has helped people around America provide delicious home-grown food for their families.
Read about the Stark Bro's history that spans over 200 years »



Stay Connected
We love to keep in touch with our customers and talk about what's happening each season at Stark Bro's. Follow us on your favorite social networks and share what you grow!

Facebook
Pinterest
Google+
Twitter
Instagram
YouTube



Questions or Comments?
You'll find answers to many questions on our FAQ page. If you need further assistance, we're always eager to help.

Chat:
Start Live Chat
Email:
info@starkbros.com
Phone:
800.325.4180
Fax:
573.754.3701
Mail:
PO BOX 1800Louisiana, MO 63353




Our Company



Contact Information
E-Newsletters
Frequently Asked Questions
Gift Certificates
Glossary of Terms
Hardiness Zone Finder




Hours of Operation
Job Opportunities
Miller Nurseries
News & Events
Order & Shipping Policies




Privacy Policy
Refund & Return Policies
Request a Catalog
Retail Location
Social Media







* Free Shipping offer only applies to new orders placed before 11:59pm CDT, July 31, 2017. Free Shipping may not be applied to existing orders, wholesale orders, or orders shipping to Alaska. (A $20 surcharge will be added for shipments to Alaska.) ** Discounts apply to selected products only. Promotion runs from Wednesday, July 5, 2017 to 11:59 pm CDT, Monday, July 31, 2017. Promotion is for new orders only and may not be applied to existing orders. © 2017 Stark Bro's Nurseries & Orchards Co.




























































Nut Trees From Stark Bro's - Nut Trees For Sale











Contact Us800.325.4180Live Chat



Quick Order

My Account



Sign In or Register











0






Cart EmptyView Cart







Search








Contact Us800.325.4180

My Account



Sign In or Register





Shop by Category




Fruit Trees






Shop Fruit Trees »



Fruit Tree AssortmentsApple TreesApricot TreesBanana PlantsCherry TreesCitrus TreesDogwood TreesFig TreesMulberry Trees




Nectarine TreesOlive TreesPawpaw TreesPeach TreesPear TreesPersimmon TreesPlum TreesPomegranate Trees





Popular Searches

Disease-Resistant Fruit TreesDwarf Fruit TreesHeirloom Fruit TreesIndoor Fruit TreesMulti-Grafted Fruit TreesSemi-Dwarf Fruit TreesStandard Fruit TreesStark Picks





Featured Item




Honeycrisp Apple
$29.99
(131)








Nut Trees






Shop Nut Trees »



Almond TreesChestnut TreesFilbert Hazelnut TreesPecan TreesWalnut Trees





Popular Searches

Black Walnut TreesEnglish Walnut TreesSelf-Pollinating Pecan Trees








Landscape Trees






Shop Landscape Trees »



Flowering TreesShade Trees





Popular Searches

Maple TreesRedbud TreesWillow Trees








Berry Plants






Shop Berry Plants »



Aronia Berry PlantsBlackberry PlantsBlueberry PlantsCranberry PlantsCurrant PlantsElderberry PlantsGoji Berry PlantsGooseberry Plants




Grape VinesHoneyberry PlantsHybrid Berry PlantsKiwi Berry VinesLingonberry PlantsRaspberry PlantsSeaberry PlantsStrawberry Plants





Popular Searches

Black Raspberry PlantsBushel and Berry™Everbearing StrawberriesJune Bearing StrawberriesPrimocane BerriesSeedless GrapesThornless BlackberriesThornless Raspberries





Featured Item




Sweetheart Blueberry
Starting at $12.99
(16)








Garden Plants






Shop Garden Plants »



Garden Plant AssortmentsAsparagus PlantsHerbsHop BinesHorseradish PlantsHydrangeasLilacs




Onion PlantsOrganic Seed PotatoesRhubarb PlantsRosesSweet Potato PlantsWeigelaWisteria





Popular Searches

Climbing RosesGarlic PlantsKnock Out® RosesReblooming LilacsShallot PlantsVegetable Plants





Featured Item




Double Knock Out® Rose
$9.99
(41)








Tools & Supplies






Shop Tools & Supplies »



BooksGift CertificatesKitchen & Canning SuppliesPest & Disease ControlsSoil AdditivesSuccess KitsTools & EquipmentTree AccessoriesWildlife Feeders & Houses





Popular Searches

Bicentennial BooksDigital Soil MetersGarden NettingGift IdeasIrrigation SolutionsNatural Pest & Disease ControlPruning ToolsStark® Fertilizers





Featured Item




Deluxe Multi-Purpose Food Mill
$20.99













Growing Guide




How-To Guides »

How to Grow Apple TreesHow to Grow Blueberry PlantsHow to Grow Cherry TreesHow to Grow Flowering TreesHow to Grow Grape VinesHow to Grow Peach TreesHow to Grow Pear TreesHow to Grow Plum TreesHow to Grow Roses


See All the How-To Guides »



Article Categories

Frequently Asked QuestionsFruit Tree CareHow To GrowProduct FeaturesProjects & IdeasRecipesStories


See the Latest Articles »



Featured Article




Grow a Flavorful Landscape
Don’t let a lack of space or time stop you from growing your own edible landscape plants. Here are some creative tips for planning your landscape.
Read more »









Wholesale



Introduction
Order Selected Varieties
Request a Catalog
Frequently Asked Questions
Pre-Bud & Early Orders




Quick Order





FREE SHIPPING on all orders $79 or more! Ends July 31.





NOTE: It looks like you're web browser does not have JavaScript enabled. This will prevent many features on our site from working as expected. You can enable JavaScript in the settings of your web browser.



Stark Bro's
Nut Trees




Nut Trees

About Nut Trees



Nut trees will enhance your landscape and produce delicious and healthy snacks for your diet. We offer an abundant selection, including pecans, walnuts, almonds, chestnuts and more. As these trees grow taller, you’ll admire their gorgeous foliage and statuesque beauty, and appreciate the much-needed shade they provide during the hottest months of the year. Once mature, each nut tree bears crops of nuts that will add flavor, nutrition and texture to just about anything you put them in. Toast or puree them, or use them in a variety of tasty recipes for salads, pies, breads, cookies and more. As an added bonus, a lot of nuts are great sources of protein and natural antioxidants. Consistent evidence also shows that many promote healthy arteries and cholesterol levels when consumed in moderation.





Item Compatibility





Enter a zip code to find the hardiness zone and compatible trees and plants.



























Buyer's Guide

Buyer's Guide
To ensure your growing success and satisfaction, there are a few things to consider when you buy a nut tree.Zone CompatibilityYour climate plays an important role in whether a nut tree will be successful. Make sure the hardiness zone range of the tree you choose includes your area.Proper PollinationPollination by a different variety is key to the success of many nut trees. Inadequate pollination is a common reason why some trees produce poorly or don’t bear nuts at all. Make sure you check our descriptions to see which pollinating varieties our experts recommend.









Almond Trees



Chestnut Trees




Filbert Hazelnut Trees



Pecan Trees





Walnut Trees






Questions? Our experts are ready to help!
Try a live chat with one of our experts »



Promise of Satisfaction

Since 1816, Stark Bro's has promised to please customers with the very best fruit trees and landscaping products, no matter what. If for any reason you are not completely satisfied with your purchase, let us know within a year of delivery and we will send you a free one-time replacement or a refund of the full purchase price.











73sharesShare:











Subscribe to e-newslettersfor timely offers & advice



OK









About Stark Bro's

A growing legacy since 1816. For over 200 years, Stark Bro's has helped people around America provide delicious home-grown food for their families.
Read about the Stark Bro's history that spans over 200 years »



Stay Connected
We love to keep in touch with our customers and talk about what's happening each season at Stark Bro's. Follow us on your favorite social networks and share what you grow!

Facebook
Pinterest
Google+
Twitter
Instagram
YouTube



Questions or Comments?
You'll find answers to many questions on our FAQ page. If you need further assistance, we're always eager to help.

Chat:
Start Live Chat
Email:
info@starkbros.com
Phone:
800.325.4180
Fax:
573.754.3701
Mail:
PO BOX 1800Louisiana, MO 63353




Our Company



Contact Information
E-Newsletters
Frequently Asked Questions
Gift Certificates
Glossary of Terms
Hardiness Zone Finder




Hours of Operation
Job Opportunities
Miller Nurseries
News & Events
Order & Shipping Policies




Privacy Policy
Refund & Return Policies
Request a Catalog
Retail Location
Social Media







* Free Shipping offer only applies to new orders placed before 11:59pm CDT, July 31, 2017. Free Shipping may not be applied to existing orders, wholesale orders, or orders shipping to Alaska. (A $20 surcharge will be added for shipments to Alaska.) ** Discounts apply to selected products only. Promotion runs from Wednesday, July 5, 2017 to 11:59 pm CDT, Monday, July 31, 2017. Promotion is for new orders only and may not be applied to existing orders. © 2017 Stark Bro's Nurseries & Orchards Co.




















































Pecan Trees From Stark Bro's - Pecan Trees For Sale











Contact Us800.325.4180Live Chat



Quick Order

My Account



Sign In or Register











0






Cart EmptyView Cart







Search








Contact Us800.325.4180

My Account



Sign In or Register





Shop by Category




Fruit Trees






Shop Fruit Trees »



Fruit Tree AssortmentsApple TreesApricot TreesBanana PlantsCherry TreesCitrus TreesDogwood TreesFig TreesMulberry Trees




Nectarine TreesOlive TreesPawpaw TreesPeach TreesPear TreesPersimmon TreesPlum TreesPomegranate Trees





Popular Searches

Disease-Resistant Fruit TreesDwarf Fruit TreesHeirloom Fruit TreesIndoor Fruit TreesMulti-Grafted Fruit TreesSemi-Dwarf Fruit TreesStandard Fruit TreesStark Picks





Featured Item




Honeycrisp Apple
$29.99
(131)








Nut Trees






Shop Nut Trees »



Almond TreesChestnut TreesFilbert Hazelnut TreesPecan TreesWalnut Trees





Popular Searches

Black Walnut TreesEnglish Walnut TreesSelf-Pollinating Pecan Trees








Landscape Trees






Shop Landscape Trees »



Flowering TreesShade Trees





Popular Searches

Maple TreesRedbud TreesWillow Trees








Berry Plants






Shop Berry Plants »



Aronia Berry PlantsBlackberry PlantsBlueberry PlantsCranberry PlantsCurrant PlantsElderberry PlantsGoji Berry PlantsGooseberry Plants




Grape VinesHoneyberry PlantsHybrid Berry PlantsKiwi Berry VinesLingonberry PlantsRaspberry PlantsSeaberry PlantsStrawberry Plants





Popular Searches

Black Raspberry PlantsBushel and Berry™Everbearing StrawberriesJune Bearing StrawberriesPrimocane BerriesSeedless GrapesThornless BlackberriesThornless Raspberries





Featured Item




Sweetheart Blueberry
Starting at $12.99
(16)








Garden Plants






Shop Garden Plants »



Garden Plant AssortmentsAsparagus PlantsHerbsHop BinesHorseradish PlantsHydrangeasLilacs




Onion PlantsOrganic Seed PotatoesRhubarb PlantsRosesSweet Potato PlantsWeigelaWisteria





Popular Searches

Climbing RosesGarlic PlantsKnock Out® RosesReblooming LilacsShallot PlantsVegetable Plants





Featured Item




Double Knock Out® Rose
$9.99
(41)








Tools & Supplies






Shop Tools & Supplies »



BooksGift CertificatesKitchen & Canning SuppliesPest & Disease ControlsSoil AdditivesSuccess KitsTools & EquipmentTree AccessoriesWildlife Feeders & Houses





Popular Searches

Bicentennial BooksDigital Soil MetersGarden NettingGift IdeasIrrigation SolutionsNatural Pest & Disease ControlPruning ToolsStark® Fertilizers





Featured Item




Deluxe Multi-Purpose Food Mill
$20.99













Growing Guide




How-To Guides »

How to Grow Apple TreesHow to Grow Blueberry PlantsHow to Grow Cherry TreesHow to Grow Flowering TreesHow to Grow Grape VinesHow to Grow Peach TreesHow to Grow Pear TreesHow to Grow Plum TreesHow to Grow Roses


See All the How-To Guides »



Article Categories

Frequently Asked QuestionsFruit Tree CareHow To GrowProduct FeaturesProjects & IdeasRecipesStories


See the Latest Articles »



Featured Article




Grow a Flavorful Landscape
Don’t let a lack of space or time stop you from growing your own edible landscape plants. Here are some creative tips for planning your landscape.
Read more »









Wholesale



Introduction
Order Selected Varieties
Request a Catalog
Frequently Asked Questions
Pre-Bud & Early Orders




Quick Order





FREE SHIPPING on all orders $79 or more! Ends July 31.





NOTE: It looks like you're web browser does not have JavaScript enabled. This will prevent many features on our site from working as expected. You can enable JavaScript in the settings of your web browser.



Stark Bro's
Nut TreesPecan Trees




Pecan Trees

About Pecan Trees



Pecan trees (Carya illinoinensis) are stately shade trees that mature to produce bountiful crops of nuts, prized for their flavor. Here you will find a fine selection of pecan tree varieties, as well as closely related Hickory nut trees (Carya laciniosa). These trees thrive in their natural habitat along and around the Mississippi River and the broad plains of the Midwest – and other places like California, Florida, and Texas, where days are long and warm during the growing season. There are also a few cold-hardier varieties to choose from that are still productive further north. Growing your own pecan tree is an affordable way to bring beauty to your landscape and to enjoy nuts that will enhance the flavor of your food, while providing important nutrients for your diet. These nuts are an excellent natural source of antioxidants, protein, unsaturated fats and more. And, since these trees can continue to bear even when over a century old, you’ll enjoy homegrown nuts for generations.





Item Compatibility





Enter a zip code to find the hardiness zone and compatible trees and plants.



























Buyer's Guide

Buyer's Guide
To ensure your growing success and satisfaction, there are a few things to consider when you buy a pecan tree.Zone CompatibilityYour climate plays an important role in whether a pecan tree will be successful. Make sure the hardiness zone range of the tree you choose includes your area.Pecan trees are heat-tolerant and typically grow well in the warmer climates of the South and West (Zones 7-9).We also offer some varieties that are hardy enough be grown successfully in cooler climates as far north as the upper Midwest (Zones 5-6).Most importantly, pecan trees rely on summer heat and long growing seasons for nuts to mature and fill-in.Proper PollinationPollination by a different pecan variety is key to the success of many pecan trees. Most of our pecan trees require pollination by a compatible variety for successful kernel growth and production. Inadequate pollination is a common reason why some pecan trees produce poorly or don’t bear nuts at all. Make sure you check our descriptions to see which pollinating varieties our experts recommend.Self-pollinating Pecan Trees are ideal if you don’t have enough growing space to plant a second variety. If you do have room, we always recommend planting another compatible variety for optimum pecan production.Note that pecan tree pollination works differently from other types of edibles. Typically, pecan trees bloom and shed pollen at different times: some shed pollen first and are receptive of pollen later (“Type I”) and others bloom first and shed pollen later (“Type II”). It is highly recommended you plant at least one of each type, as recommended, for adequate cross pollination.Mature Tree SizePecan trees grow to be rather large. Depending on the variety you choose, they will be about 75' tall and wide when mature. Make sure you have adequate space available for your choice.








Out of StockAvailable Spring '18
Colby Pecan
(11)


Out of StockAvailable Spring '18
Desirable Pecan
(2)



Out of StockAvailable Spring '18
Kanza Pecan
(3)


Out of StockAvailable Spring '18
Lakota Pecan
(5)




Out of StockAvailable Spring '18
Maramec Pecan


Out of StockAvailable Spring '18
Missouri Hardy Pecan
(9)



Out of StockAvailable Spring '18
Missouri Mammoth Hickory Nut
(6)


Out of StockAvailable Spring '18
Pawnee Pecan
(11)




Out of StockAvailable Spring '18
Peruque Pecan
(1)


Out of StockAvailable Spring '18
Stark® Exclusive Pecan Tree Collection
(9)



Out of StockAvailable Spring '18
Stark® Surecrop™ Pecan
(10)


Out of StockAvailable Spring '18
Starking® Hardy Giant™ Pecan
(8)




Out of StockAvailable Spring '18
Starking® Southern Giant Pecan
(6)


Out of StockAvailable Spring '18
Triple Play Pecan Tree Collection
(5)







Questions? Our experts are ready to help!
Try a live chat with one of our experts »



Promise of Satisfaction

Since 1816, Stark Bro's has promised to please customers with the very best fruit trees and landscaping products, no matter what. If for any reason you are not completely satisfied with your purchase, let us know within a year of delivery and we will send you a free one-time replacement or a refund of the full purchase price.











434sharesShare:











Subscribe to e-newslettersfor timely offers & advice



OK









About Stark Bro's

A growing legacy since 1816. For over 200 years, Stark Bro's has helped people around America provide delicious home-grown food for their families.
Read about the Stark Bro's history that spans over 200 years »



Stay Connected
We love to keep in touch with our customers and talk about what's happening each season at Stark Bro's. Follow us on your favorite social networks and share what you grow!

Facebook
Pinterest
Google+
Twitter
Instagram
YouTube



Questions or Comments?
You'll find answers to many questions on our FAQ page. If you need further assistance, we're always eager to help.

Chat:
Start Live Chat
Email:
info@starkbros.com
Phone:
800.325.4180
Fax:
573.754.3701
Mail:
PO BOX 1800Louisiana, MO 63353




Our Company



Contact Information
E-Newsletters
Frequently Asked Questions
Gift Certificates
Glossary of Terms
Hardiness Zone Finder




Hours of Operation
Job Opportunities
Miller Nurseries
News & Events
Order & Shipping Policies




Privacy Policy
Refund & Return Policies
Request a Catalog
Retail Location
Social Media







* Free Shipping offer only applies to new orders placed before 11:59pm CDT, July 31, 2017. Free Shipping may not be applied to existing orders, wholesale orders, or orders shipping to Alaska. (A $20 surcharge will be added for shipments to Alaska.) ** Discounts apply to selected products only. Promotion runs from Wednesday, July 5, 2017 to 11:59 pm CDT, Monday, July 31, 2017. Promotion is for new orders only and may not be applied to existing orders. © 2017 Stark Bro's Nurseries & Orchards Co.









































Lobster Tanks - Stark Aquarium Products, refrigerated cases, marine display tanks, salt and freshwater fish systems.






Stark


Home
About Stark
Macrobiotic Fisheries
Products
Our Clients
Contact Us













"It is my belief, that advanced research, engineering, and design will produce the highest level of quality and performance to ultimately bring you Success."
Morton Starkman, Founder, Stark Products
Our first love and reason for being, more than 30 years ago, was to create the perfect environment necessary to maintain salt water fish. We succeeded in engineering a totally balanced filtration system that incorporated the water cleaning methods employed by the world's oceans.
The Stark Lobster System has more filtration power and water cleaning capability than you ever thought you needed. If you want to be able to hold more lobsters in cleaner water, so they really do taste better and look more attractive in a well lit environment, then the dividends from a Stark Lobster will be yours to reap for years to come.
Our domestic and international customers include many restaurants, offices, supermarkets and Public Aquariums.
The Stark Lobster System is no ordinary lobster tank.
WATER CHANGES ARE NOT REQUIRED .
The Stark filtration system was originally designed to maintain water quality for delicate warm water marine fish, such as Queen Angels,Parrot Fish, or even Lemon Sharks. This same system, that will sustainthese marine fish for years, in natural high density bio-loadings(with no water changes), is the exact filtration used in eachStark Lobster Fish or Marine System.Is it really necessary to have this amount of high powered filtration,to produce this degree of water quality for a lobster or fish tank?After all, we are not drinking the water. The answer, truly, is yes.The water quality which the Stark Lobster System produces is apositive reflection on your entire restaurant or high-end market-itwill maintain lobster



Home
About Stark
Macrobiotic Fisheries
Products
Our Clients
Contact Us

Powered by Ecomsolutions








Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          
















Amazon.com: Save up to 90% on Rental, New and Used Textbooks












 


























Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















Books



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 






Books Advanced Search New Releases NEW! Amazon Charts Best Sellers & More The New York Times® Best Sellers Children's Books Textbooks Textbook Rentals Sell Us Your Books Best Books of the Month Kindle eBooks

































































































Textbooks: Rent. Buy. Sell.



    
Save up to 90% on your textbooks and shop through: Rental, Trade-in, and eTextbooks






























						Textbook Rentals
					











						Sell us your books
					











						e-Textbooks
					











						Prime Student
					




























							Save up to 90% on Textbooks
						


						
							
								Learn more
							
							
						
					







							Trade-in your Textbooks
						


						
							
								Learn more
							
							
						
					







							Get Free Shipping with Prime Student
						


						
							
								Learn more
							
							
						
					







							eTextbooks: Why Weight?
						


						
							
								Shop now
							
							
						
					




























 




The Amazon.com Textbooks Store




	
Are you tired of paying a small fortune for your textbooks every year? Wouldn’t you rather buy cheap college textbooks and have more money to buy that great pair of skinny jeans, eat out more often instead of heating up a frozen pizza, or just have a little more spending money? When you come to Amazon.com, you can save money by buying cheap new and used textbooks and by renting textbooks for college. You can also trade your used textbooks for an Amazon Gift Card, whether you bought your books from us or not. By being a smart shopper and saving money on textbooks at Amazon.com, you’ll have more cash for the things in life that can’t be learned from a textbook.

The Amazon Textbooks Store allows you to shop online and buy all your textbooks without ever leaving the comfort of your couch. We offer a variety of new, used, rental, and eTextbooks. Don’t worry about selection, we’ve got your textbook needs covered for any subject from biology, chemistry, and nursing to accounting, arts, and engineering. Once you’re finished with your textbooks you can trade them in at Amazon.com and get up to 80% of their value in an Amazon Gift Card.   

Shop the Amazon Textbooks Store and save up to 90% on textbook rentals, up to 90% on used textbooks, and up to 50% on new textbooks. You can also enjoy Free Two-Day Shipping on millions of items, including cheap college textbooks, when you join Prime Student. Get your textbooks delivered to your door and save both time and money by shopping at Amazon.com. So go ahead and treat yourself to that designer purse or new video game, you can since you’ve saved so much on your textbooks.

Students may be eligible for a tax exemption on textbooks in some states. Learn More.


						
		







TextbooksTextbook ProgramsTextbook RentalsSell Us Your BookseTextbooksPrime StudentTextbook RentalsManage Your RentalsYour Rental CartTerms & ConditionsKindle eTextbook RentalsFeatured CategoriesAcademic CoursewareArts & PhotographyBusiness & MoneyComputers & TechnologyReferenceEducation & TeachingK-12 Teaching ResourcesMedicalEngineering & TransportationScience & MathTest Prep & Study GuidesOff to College EssentialsProfessional StoresDigital Design BookstoreMoney & Marketstech.book(store) 

Show results for
                                BooksNew, Used & Rental TextbooksBusiness & FinanceCommunication & JournalismComputer ScienceEducationEngineeringHumanitiesLawMedicine & Health SciencesReferenceScience & MathematicsSocial SciencesTest Prep & Study Guides


 




















        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.






        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.













There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started















Back to top
Get to Know UsCareersAbout AmazonInvestor RelationsAmazon DevicesMake Money with UsSell on AmazonSell Your Services on AmazonSell on Amazon BusinessSell Your Apps on AmazonBecome an AffiliateAdvertise Your ProductsSelf-Publish with UsBecome an Amazon VendorSell Your Subscription on Amazon›See allAmazon Payment ProductsAmazon Rewards Visa Signature CardsAmazon.com Store CardAmazon.com Corporate Credit LineShop with PointsCredit Card MarketplaceReload Your BalanceAmazon Currency ConverterLet Us Help YouYour AccountYour OrdersShipping Rates & PoliciesAmazon PrimeReturns & ReplacementsManage Your Content and DevicesAmazon AssistantHelp




English



United States




Amazon Music Stream millions of songs

Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon

6pm Score deals on fashion brands

AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles

ACX  Audiobook Publishing Made Easy

Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web

Amazon Business Everything For Your Business

 

AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door

AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally

Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee

Amazon Inspire Digital Educational  Resources

Amazon Rapids Fun stories for  kids on the go

Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants

Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy

 

Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services

Audible Download Audio Books

AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc

Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide

Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data

ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics

CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy

 

DPReview Digital Photography

East Dane Designer Men's Fashion

Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting

Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations

IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities

IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need

Junglee.com Shop Online in India

 

Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy


Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items

Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime

Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands

TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools

Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts

Whispercast Discover & Distribute Digital Content


 

 

Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals

Woot! Deals and  Shenanigans

Zappos Shoes & Clothing

Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East

Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services

 


Conditions of UsePrivacy NoticeInterest-Based Ads© 1996-2017, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates

















Amazon.com: Prime Student












 


























Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















All



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 





















































































 Success!
You have joined Prime Student.


 






Prime Student
Not a member? Join now.



























							Join Prime Student
						


						
							
								Learn more
							
							
						
					







							College Deals
						


						
							
								Shop now
							
							
						
					







							Save up to 90% on Textbooks
						


						
							
								Learn more
							
							
						
					







							Laptops from HP
						


						
							
								Shop now
							
							
						
					







							Drinkable nutrition from Soylent
						


						
							
								Shop now
							
							
						
					



















































Prime Student six-month trial benefits



































































						Prime Video
					











						Exclusive Deals
					











						Prime Delivery Options
					











						Prime Photos
					











						Twitch Prime
					











						Prime Early Access
					



















Follow us for sweeps, exclusive discounts, giveaways, and more!























































Amazon Prime Student
Amazon Prime Student is a Prime membership program created for college students. As a Prime Student member, you receive a six-month trial that includes Free Two-Day Shipping on over 50 million items, unlimited streaming of Prime movies and TV shows, unlimited photo storage with Prime Photos, 20% off pre-order and new release video games, exclusive deals and savings, and more! After your six-month trial ends, your Prime Student membership makes you eligible to receive 50% off Amazon Prime, and includes access to all Prime benefits. Join Prime Student today!














Expand allCollapse all



                
            

            Prime Student 




Join now


About Prime Student


Help






                
            

            Follow Us 




Facebook


Instagram


Snapchat


Twitter






                
            

            College Essentials 




Textbooks


eTextbooks


Textbook Trade-In


College Deals


Software for Students






                
            

            Entertainment 




Prime Video


Prime Music


Student Favorites Playlist


Prime Photos


Movies & TV


Video Games


Kindle


Magazines






                
            

            Electronics 




Televisions & Video


Printers


Wearable Technology


MP3 Players


Cameras


Cell Phones & Accessories


Musical Instruments






                
            

            Home & Lifestyle 




Grocery


Beauty


Health & Personal Care


Small Appliances


Sports & Fitness






                
            

            Clothing, Shoes & Accessories 




Womens


Mens


NCAA Fan Shop


Backpacks


Luggage




















Share This:


















 




 


























        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.






        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.













There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started















Back to top
Get to Know UsCareersAbout AmazonInvestor RelationsAmazon DevicesMake Money with UsSell on AmazonSell Your Services on AmazonSell on Amazon BusinessSell Your Apps on AmazonBecome an AffiliateAdvertise Your ProductsSelf-Publish with UsBecome an Amazon VendorSell Your Subscription on Amazon›See allAmazon Payment ProductsAmazon Rewards Visa Signature CardsAmazon.com Store CardAmazon.com Corporate Credit LineShop with PointsCredit Card MarketplaceReload Your BalanceAmazon Currency ConverterLet Us Help YouYour AccountYour OrdersShipping Rates & PoliciesAmazon PrimeReturns & ReplacementsManage Your Content and DevicesAmazon AssistantHelp




English



United States




Amazon Music Stream millions of songs

Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon

6pm Score deals on fashion brands

AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles

ACX  Audiobook Publishing Made Easy

Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web

Amazon Business Everything For Your Business

 

AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door

AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally

Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee

Amazon Inspire Digital Educational  Resources

Amazon Rapids Fun stories for  kids on the go

Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants

Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy

 

Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services

Audible Download Audio Books

AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc

Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide

Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data

ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics

CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy

 

DPReview Digital Photography

East Dane Designer Men's Fashion

Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting

Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations

IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities

IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need

Junglee.com Shop Online in India

 

Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy


Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items

Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime

Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands

TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools

Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts

Whispercast Discover & Distribute Digital Content


 

 

Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals

Woot! Deals and  Shenanigans

Zappos Shoes & Clothing

Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East

Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services

 


Conditions of UsePrivacy NoticeInterest-Based Ads© 1996-2017, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates

















Amazon.com: eTextbooks | Rent, Buy or Try eTextbooks for Free












 


























Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















Kindle Textbooks



Kindle Textbooks
All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 






Buy a Kindle Kindle eBooks Kindle Unlimited Prime Reading Advanced Search Best Sellers & More  Kindle Book Deals Free Reading Apps Kindle Singles Newsstand Accessories Content and devices Kindle Support













































































eTextbooks

Get it now, carry less, and study anywhere. Rent, Buy, or try eTextbooks and save up to 80%. Access your eTextbooks on PC, Mac, iPhone, Android, iPad, and Fire tablet using the Kindle Reading app.


  























						Your eTextbook Rentals
					











						Free Kindle Reading App
					











						Amazon Whispercast
					











						Print Textbooks
					











						Prime Student
					






























            Shop by category
        




        
            





.












Science & Mathematics






        
            





.












Social Sciences






        
            





.












Medicine & Health Sciences






        
            





.












Computer Science






        
            





.












Engineering






        
            





.












Business & Finance










        
            





.












Humanities






        
            





.












Education






        
            





.












Communication & Journalism






        
            





.












Law






        
            





.












Test Prep & Study Guides






        
            





.












Reference


















Best sellers




Previous page






The World Until Yesterday: What Can...


Jared Diamond



353





List price: 
$20.00


Kindle price: 
$14.99










Seven Brief Lessons on Physics













	Carlo Rovelli










	





745





List price: 
$18.00


Kindle price: 
$9.99










How Chance and Stupidity Have Changed...


Erik Durschmied



66





List price: 
$16.99


Kindle price: 
$9.99










Remember Everything You Read: The...


Stanley D. Frank



98





Kindle price: 
$5.99










The Best Land Under Heaven: The...


Michael Wallis



21





List price: 
$27.95


Kindle price: 
$9.18










The Zookeeper's Wife: A War Story


Diane Ackerman



1,418





List price: 
$15.95


Kindle price: 
$6.99










Evicted: Poverty and Profit in the...


Matthew Desmond



665





List price: 
$17.00


Kindle price: 
$12.99










A Crack in Creation: Gene Editing and...













	Jennifer A. Doudna, Samuel H. Sternberg










	





35





List price: 
$28.00


Kindle price: 
$14.99










The Things Our Fathers Saw-The Untold...


Matthew Rozell



291





List price: 
$16.99


Kindle price: 
$3.99










The Golden Compass: His Dark Materials


Philip Pullman



1,910





List price: 
$8.99


Kindle price: 
$7.99










Hands-On Machine Learning with...


Aurélien Géron



57





List price: 
$49.99


Kindle price: 
$24.99










America: The Last Best Hope : From...


William J. Bennett



128





List price: 
$16.99


Kindle price: 
$1.99










Mindset: The New Psychology of Success


Carol S. Dweck



2,130





List price: 
$17.00


Kindle price: 
$13.99










Dark Money: The Hidden History of the...


Jane Mayer



1,603





List price: 
$17.00


Kindle price: 
$12.99










The Five Dysfunctions of a Team...


Patrick M. Lencioni



1,814





List price: 
$24.95


Kindle price: 
$9.51










The Body Keeps the Score: Brain, Mind...













	Bessel van der Kolk MD










	





1,215





List price: 
$18.00


Kindle price: 
$10.99










The Intelligent Investor, Rev. Ed













	Benjamin Graham, Jason Zweig...










	





1,520





List price: 
$22.99


Kindle price: 
$13.74










The Righteous Mind: Why Good People...


Jonathan Haidt



1,089





List price: 
$16.95


Kindle price: 
$11.99










Influence: The Psychology of Persuasion


Robert B. Cialdini



1,877





List price: 
$18.99


Kindle price: 
$12.99










The New Jim Crow













	Michelle Alexander, Cornel West










	





2,492





List price: 
$19.95


Kindle price: 
$9.99




Next page










eTextbook Studying Features
Learn about eTextbook features that help you study smarter, not harder.












We know there are things you would rather be doing than studying, so we built X-Ray for Textbooks to help you save time. With X-Ray for Textbooks, get everything you need with a single tap, including definitions, related pages in your eTextbook, and even relevant content from other sources like Wikipedia and YouTube. X-Ray for Textbooks is available on Fire tablets and the free Kindle Reading App for iPad, iPhone, Android, PC, and Mac on select eTextbooks. To access X-Ray for Textbooks, bring up the control bar within an eTextbook by tapping at the top or bottom of your screen.  You can find the X-Ray for Textbooks button at the top of the control screen.
Learn more














Just carrying around a yellow highlighter? How about pink, blue, orange, and yellow? Multi-color highlights are available on Fire tablets, iPad, iPhone, Android, PC, and Mac. Tap a word and hold–the digital highlighting tool will pop up and you can adjust the highlighted text and highlight color. You can categorize and save all your highlights in Notebook and even turn them into flashcards with the click of a button; go to Notebook and click on the Flashcards button to create flashcards from your highlights. We store all your highlights at kindle.amazon.com so you can reference them even after you return the eTextbook.














Studying for exams? Notebook for eTextbooks displays all of your notes, colored highlights, saved images and bookmarks in one place. With Notebook you can mark and filter your most important concepts to study when it's test time–you can even export them to email and Evernote on Fire tablets. It's like a digital scrapbook for your studies. Notebook is available on Fire HD tablets and the free Kindle Reading App for iPad, iPhone, Android, PC, and Mac. On iOS and Android devices, tap the top or bottom of the screen from within the eTextbook to bring up the controls to access Notebook. On PC/Mac, the Notebook icon is on the left side of the Kindle Reading app.














Just finished a chapter and need to review key terms and definitions? Flashcards allow you to quickly brush up on all the terms, concepts, and definitions in each chapter with a simple, easy to use interface. Flashcards are available on iPad, iPhone, Android, PC, and Mac from within the eTextbook. Click on the flashcards icon to make your own flashcards. Or, you can auto-generate Flashcards from your notes and highlights and X-Ray terms if your eTextbook includes X-Ray for eTextbooks.














Have a tablet and a laptop? With eTextbooks, you can read your content on all your devices with the free Kindle Reading App. eTextbooks are currently supported on Fire tablets, iPad, iPhone, Android, PC, and Mac. eTextbooks give you access to your content however you want, whenever you need it. Kindle's Whispersync technology also synchronizes the furthest page you read, your bookmarks, and annotations across your devices so you can pick up where you left off.














You can save money and space in your bag with eTextbooks. Read across your devices and save time studying the concepts you need to learn with interactive features such as Keyword Search and X-Ray for Textbooks. Quickly create and manage your notes and highlights and access them anytime in the Amazon cloud.














Carry less around campus this semester. Take your entire library with you wherever you go, without having to lug around all of your physical textbooks. You can also access all of your eTextbooks, notes, and bookmarks wherever you go, whether it's on your Fire tablet, iPad, iPhone, Android device, PC, or Mac with the free Kindle Reading App.














With the swipe of a finger, quickly and efficiently navigate through pages and chapters of eTextbooks. Swift navigation is available on Android and iOS tablets. Tap the top or bottom of your tablet screen from inside the eTextbook to access swift navigation. On iPads, you have the option of swiping through all the pages from a grid like the one shown above.








The Amazon.com eTextbooks Store




Are you tired of paying a small fortune for your textbooks every year? Well, you can save up to 80% off the print list price when you rent and up to 60% off the print list price when you buy eTextbooks. Renting eTextbooks couldn’t be easier. With flexible rental options, you only have to pay for the time you need. Choose a rental length between 30 and 360 days and extend it for as little as one day. You even have the option to purchase at any time.




Don’t worry about breaking your back either. You’ll be able to carry your entire library with you wherever you go, without having to lug around your heavy textbooks across campus. You can also access all of your eTextbooks, notes, and bookmarks wherever you go, whether it's on your Kindle, iPad, Android device, PC, or Mac with the free Kindle reading app.




Save time with digital interactive features that make paper books look prehistoric. Notebook for eTextbooks displays all of your notes, colored highlights, saved images and bookmarks in one place. It's like a digital scrapbook for your studies. With X-Ray for Textbooks, get everything you need with a single tap, including definitions, related pages in your eTextbook, and even relevant content from other sources like Wikipedia and YouTube.




The Amazon eTextbooks Store allows you to shop online and buy all your textbooks without ever leaving the comfort of your couch. Don’t worry about selection, we’ve got your textbook needs covered for any subject from biology, chemistry, and nursing to accounting, arts, and engineering. Shop for eTextbooks now to save money, carry less, read anywhere, and enjoy digital features that will help you study faster.










1-16 of 465,003 results for Kindle Store : Kindle eTextbooks



Sort by 
Featured
Price: Low to High
Price: High to Low
Avg. Customer Review
Publication Date




















The World Until Yesterday: What Can We Learn from Traditional Societies?Dec 31, 2012 | Kindle eBookby Jared Diamond
$
14
99

Kindle EditionWhispersync for Voice-ready
4 out of 5 stars
353Best Sellerin Two-Hour Science & Math Short ReadsSeven Brief Lessons on PhysicsMar 1, 2016 | Kindle eBookby Carlo Rovelli
$
9
99

Kindle EditionAuto-delivered wirelessly
4.3 out of 5 stars
745How Chance and Stupidity Have Changed History: The Hinge FactorJul 19, 2016 | Kindle eBookby Erik Durschmied
$
9
99

Kindle EditionAuto-delivered wirelessly
3.7 out of 5 stars
66Best Sellerin Education Classroom ManagementRemember Everything You Read: The Evelyn Wood 7 Day Speed Reading and Learning ProgramJun 13, 2012 | Kindle eBookby Dr Stanley D. Frank
$
5
99

Kindle EditionAuto-delivered wirelessly
4 out of 5 stars
98The Best Land Under Heaven: The Donner Party in the Age of Manifest DestinyJun 6, 2017 | Kindle eBookby Michael Wallis
$
9
18

Kindle EditionWhispersync for Voice-ready
4.5 out of 5 stars
19The Zookeeper's Wife: A War Story (Movie Tie-in)  (Movie Tie-in Editions)Feb 7, 2017 | Kindle eBookby Diane Ackerman
$
6
99

Kindle EditionWhispersync for Voice-ready
3.8 out of 5 stars
1,416Evicted: Poverty and Profit in the American CityMar 1, 2016 | Kindle eBookby Matthew Desmond
$
12
99

Kindle EditionWhispersync for Voice-ready
4.6 out of 5 stars
665Best Sellerin BiotechnologyA Crack in Creation: Gene Editing and the Unthinkable Power to Control EvolutionJun 13, 2017 | Kindle eBookby Jennifer A. Doudna and Samuel H. Sternberg
$
14
99

Kindle EditionWhispersync for Voice-ready
4.3 out of 5 stars
33Best Sellerin CurriculaThe Things Our Fathers Saw—The Untold Stories of the World War II Generation From Hometown, USA-Volume I: Voices of the Pacific TheaterJul 24, 2015 | Kindle eBookby Matthew Rozell$0.00Read this and over 1 million books withKindle Unlimited.
$
3
99

to buyKindle EditionWhispersync for Voice-ready
4.6 out of 5 stars
289Borrow for free from your Kindle device.Join Amazon PrimeBook 1 of 2 in the The Things Our Fathers Saw SeriesThe Golden Compass: His Dark MaterialsNov 13, 2001 | Kindle eBookby Philip Pullman
$
7
99

Kindle EditionWhispersync for Voice-ready
4.3 out of 5 stars
1,910Book 1 of 3 in the His Dark Materials SeriesBest Sellerin Business SoftwareHands-On Machine Learning with Scikit-Learn and TensorFlow: Concepts, Tools, and Techniques to Build Intelligent SystemsMar 13, 2017 | Kindle eBookby Aurélien Géron
$
24
99

Kindle EditionAuto-delivered wirelessly
4.7 out of 5 stars
57America: The Last Best Hope (Volume I): From the Age of Discovery to a World at WarApr 15, 2007 | Kindle eBookby William J. Bennett
$
1
99

Kindle EditionAuto-delivered wirelessly
4.4 out of 5 stars
128Mindset: The New Psychology of SuccessFeb 28, 2006 | Kindle eBookby Carol S. Dweck
$
13
99

Kindle EditionAuto-delivered wirelessly
4.5 out of 5 stars
2,129Dark Money: The Hidden History of the Billionaires Behind the Rise of the Radical RightJan 19, 2016 | Kindle eBookby Jane Mayer
$
12
99

Kindle EditionWhispersync for Voice-ready
4.8 out of 5 stars
1,602The Five Dysfunctions of a Team, Enhanced Edition: A Leadership Fable (J-B Lencioni Series)Nov 17, 2011 | Kindle eBookby Patrick M. Lencioni
$
9
51

Kindle EditionWhispersync for Voice-ready
4.6 out of 5 stars
1,814Best Sellerin NeuropsychologyThe Body Keeps the Score: Brain, Mind, and Body in the Healing of TraumaSep 25, 2014 | Kindle eBookby Kolk MD, Bessel van der
$
10
99

Kindle EditionWhispersync for Voice-ready
4.8 out of 5 stars
1,215

 
Previous Page
1
2
3
...
400
 
Next Page
















Search FeedbackDid you find what you were looking for?YesNo
Choose a category that best describes the issue that you are having with the search:Choose a category…I need to talk to customer service.I still haven't found what I'm looking for.How do I filter or sort my search ?Something is broken.A picture or description looks wrong.Could you add a feature ?Could you start carrying a product not listed here ?Choose a category…






Leave us some comments about your search; your comments can help make our site better for everyone.Submit

Get Express customer service or contact us by e-mail or phone.contact us

Thank you for your feedback.
If you need help or have a question for Customer Service, please visit the Help Section.

Browse eTextbookseTextbook ResourceseTextbook Rental HelpRead Everywhere with the Free Kindle AppMore to DiscoverPrint TextbooksOnline CoursesPrime StudentKindle Solutions for Education & Enterprise 

Show results forKindle UnlimitedKindle Unlimited EligiblePrime ReadingPrime Reading EligibleAudible NarrationeBooks with Audible NarrationNew ReleasesLast 30 daysLast 90 daysComing Soon
                                Kindle StoreKindle eTextbooksBusiness & FinanceCommunication & JournalismComputer ScienceEducationEngineeringHumanitiesLawMedicine & Health SciencesReferenceScience & MathematicsSocial SciencesTest Prep & Study GuidesRefine byWord WiseWord Wise EnabledAvg. Customer Review4 Stars & Up & Up3 Stars & Up & Up2 Stars & Up & Up1 Star & Up & UpEdition1st Edition2nd Edition3rd Edition4th Edition5th Edition6th Edition7th Edition8th Edition9th Edition10th EditionLater Editions


 
Tell Us What You Think 
Do you have a comment or suggestion about your experience with eTextbooks?  Let us know what you think.

 




















        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.






        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.













There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started















Back to top
Get to Know UsCareersAbout AmazonInvestor RelationsAmazon DevicesMake Money with UsSell on AmazonSell Your Services on AmazonSell on Amazon BusinessSell Your Apps on AmazonBecome an AffiliateAdvertise Your ProductsSelf-Publish with UsBecome an Amazon VendorSell Your Subscription on Amazon›See allAmazon Payment ProductsAmazon Rewards Visa Signature CardsAmazon.com Store CardAmazon.com Corporate Credit LineShop with PointsCredit Card MarketplaceReload Your BalanceAmazon Currency ConverterLet Us Help YouYour AccountYour OrdersShipping Rates & PoliciesAmazon PrimeReturns & ReplacementsManage Your Content and DevicesAmazon AssistantHelp




English



United States




Amazon Music Stream millions of songs

Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon

6pm Score deals on fashion brands

AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles

ACX  Audiobook Publishing Made Easy

Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web

Amazon Business Everything For Your Business

 

AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door

AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally

Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee

Amazon Inspire Digital Educational  Resources

Amazon Rapids Fun stories for  kids on the go

Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants

Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy

 

Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services

Audible Download Audio Books

AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc

Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide

Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data

ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics

CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy

 

DPReview Digital Photography

East Dane Designer Men's Fashion

Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting

Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations

IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities

IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need

Junglee.com Shop Online in India

 

Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy


Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items

Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime

Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands

TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools

Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts

Whispercast Discover & Distribute Digital Content


 

 

Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals

Woot! Deals and  Shenanigans

Zappos Shoes & Clothing

Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East

Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services

 


Conditions of UsePrivacy NoticeInterest-Based Ads© 1996-2017, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates














laura stark - WOW.com - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation

















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images




Reference


Reference










We Found Laura Stark - Searching for Laura Stark?



Ad
 ·
www.Spokeo.com/​Laura Stark



Searching for Laura Stark? Get Phone #,  Address, Pics & More!





Social Network Search



White Pages Directory




Search Public Records



Free People Search





Behind Closed Doors - By Laura Stark.



Ad
 ·
Amazon.com/​books



By Laura Stark. Free Shipping on Qualified Orders.





Rent, Buy, Sell Textbooks



Sell Books for Gift Cards




Free 2-Day Ship w/Student



Rent eTextbooks





We Found Laura Stark | BeenVerified.com



Ad
 ·
www.BeenVerified.com/​Laura Stark



1) Laura Stark's Phone 2) Address 3) Age & More. Search Free!





People Search



Best Background Check



Search By Name



Social Media



Search by Email





Searches related tolaura stark



laura stark speaker


laura stark go fund me


laura stark vanderbilt


laura stark bike and build



laura stark harvard


laura stark rambus


laura starks texas


laura starks university of texas




Web Results

HOME | Laura Stark Designs

www.laurastark.com


Laura Stark Designs designs unique handcrafted jewelry using semi-precious stones and pearls. We also design bridal accessories, such as bridal sashes and ring bearer ...



Ring Bearer Pillows



View Collection



Real Brides



Signature Jewelry



About



Laura Stark Profiles | Facebook

https://www.facebook.com/public/Laura-Stark


View the profiles of people named Laura Stark. Join Facebook to connect with Laura Stark and others you may know. Facebook gives people the power to...


100+ Laura Stark profiles | LinkedIn

https://www.linkedin.com/pub/dir/laura/stark


View the profiles of professionals named Laura Stark on LinkedIn. There are 100+ professionals named Laura Stark, who use LinkedIn to exchange information, ideas, and ...


Laura Stark - Vanderbilt University

as.vanderbilt.edu/history/bio/laura-stark


Laura Stark Associate Professor at the Center for Medicine, Health, and Society Associate Professor of History. Laura Stark is Assistant Professor at Vanderbilt ...


Laura Stark - Wesleyan University

ljstark.faculty.wesleyan.edu


Assistant Professor . Science in Society & Department of Sociology . Wesleyan University


Laura Stark's Phone Number, Email, Address ... - Spokeo

https://www.spokeo.com/Laura-Stark


387 records for Laura Stark. Find Laura Stark's phone, address, and email on Spokeo, the leading online directory


Fundraiser by Sarah Stark : Laura's Road to Recovery

https://www.gofundme.com/laurasroad


Sarah Stark needs your help today! Laura's Road to Recovery - In May 2016, Laura Stark began the adventure of a lifetime. After raising over $4,500 and completing ...


Laura Stark

www.laurastark.net


I have 25 years of unpaid caregiving experience. This started when both of my parents lived in Florida and I lived in Dallas. I got “tapped on the shoulder” by a ...


Thrive Naturopathic ~ Dr Laura Stark BKin ND - Home

www.laurastarknd.com


Laura Stark ND ... Welcome! Please explore this gradually evolving website to find information about Naturopathic Medicine, becoming a patient, and if I may be the ...


Laura Stark

www.laura-stark.com


Laura Stark \nVanderbilt \nWesleyan\nBehind Closed Doors\nIRBs\nHistory & Theory










We Found Laura Stark - Searching for Laura Stark?



Ad
 ·
www.Spokeo.com/​Laura Stark



Searching for Laura Stark? Get Phone #,  Address, Pics & More!





Social Network Search



White Pages Directory




Search Public Records



Free People Search





Behind Closed Doors - By Laura Stark.



Ad
 ·
Amazon.com/​books



By Laura Stark. Free Shipping on Qualified Orders.





Rent, Buy, Sell Textbooks



Sell Books for Gift Cards




Free 2-Day Ship w/Student



Rent eTextbooks





We Found Laura Stark | BeenVerified.com



Ad
 ·
www.BeenVerified.com/​Laura Stark



1) Laura Stark's Phone 2) Address 3) Age & More. Search Free!





People Search



Best Background Check



Search By Name



Social Media



Search by Email




Searches related tolaura stark



laura stark speaker


laura stark go fund me


laura stark vanderbilt


laura stark bike and build



laura stark harvard


laura stark rambus


laura starks texas


laura starks university of texas




12345Next






Answers







Don Stark



Donald "Don" Stark (born July 5, 1954) is an American actor known for his role as Bob Pinciotti on the Fox Network sitcom That '70s Show for all eight...

more






George's Day in Autumn



for Yuri's Day, Granny", referring to a broken promise or, more generally, to any failed expectation). References Alexander Panchenko, Review of the...

more






Tietäjä



Tietäjät have been most extensively studied in recent years by Anna-Leena Siikala and Laura Stark. Roles The activities of a tietäjä were primarily...

more



















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | About our Ads
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Part of the AOL Search Network.














Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...




First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





check for social media accounts:




















This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search






  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



 Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip
















