




















 



 Starboard Delivers Letter to Depomed CEO and Board of Directors 
         










    










 













 











 



















Starboard Delivers Letter to Depomed CEO and Board of Directors
        																																
              

          Discloses 9.8% Ownership StakeBelieves That Significant Opportunities Exist to Create Value Through Better Execution, Improved Capital Allocation, and, Potentially, a Sale of the CompanyExpresses Significant Concerns Regarding Serious Corporate Governance Deficiencies, Questionable Capital Allocation Decisions, and Egregious Actions by the Board to Stymie Strategic InterestDismayed to Learn That Depomed is Seeking to Further Suppress Shareholder Rights Through a Reincorporation Proposal at the 2016 Annual MeetingBelieves That Meaningful Change Is Required to Ensure Depomed Is Being Run in a Manner Consistent with the Best Interests of All ShareholdersHas Commenced the Process to Call a Special Meeting of Shareholders to Preserve Starboard's Rights to Seek the Removal and Replacement of the Current Board
        











 News provided by
Starboard Value LP  
Apr 08, 2016, 08:01 ET









 Share this article




























































NEW YORK, April 8, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Starboard Value LP (together with its affiliates, "Starboard"), one of the largest shareholders of Depomed, Inc. (NASDAQ:    DEPO) with an ownership interest in approximately 9.8% of Depomed's outstanding shares, today announced it has delivered a letter to President and CEO, Jim Schoeneck, and the Depomed Board of Directors. 
The full text of the letter follows:








April 8, 2016
Depomed, Inc.   7999 Gateway Boulevard, Suite 300   Newark, CA 94560   Attn: Jim Schoeneck, President and Chief Executive Officer  
cc: Board of Directors
Dear Jim,
Starboard Value LP, together with its affiliates ("Starboard"), has an ownership interest in approximately 9.8% of the outstanding shares of Depomed, Inc. ("Depomed" or the "Company"), making us one of the Company's largest shareholders.  We believe that Depomed is deeply undervalued and that significant opportunities exist to create value for the benefit of all shareholders based on actions that should be within the control of management and the Board of Directors (the "Board").  However, we are highly concerned regarding a number of actions that the Board has taken which indicate to us that meaningful change is needed to ensure the Company is acting in the best interest of all shareholders.  Specifically, we have significant concerns regarding serious corporate governance deficiencies, questionable capital allocation decisions, and egregious actions taken by the Board to stymie strategic interest in acquiring Depomed.  In combination, these concerns lead us to believe that management and the Board may be more interested in entrenching themselves than in delivering maximum value for all shareholders.
As we will discuss in this letter and subsequent materials, yesterday we delivered to the Company the documentation required under Depomed's bylaws to request that the Board set a record date for determining the shareholders entitled to call a special meeting (the "Record Date Request Notice").  We understand that we are taking extraordinary actions and are doing so because of our serious concerns with the Board's recent actions and long history of shareholder-unfriendly tactics.   
We acquired our position in Depomed because we believe that the Company is substantially undervalued and opportunities exist to create significant value for shareholders.  This includes an opportunity to improve capital deployment, rationalize research and development, and explore a potential sale of the Company given potential operating, financial, and tax synergies.  However, while still acquiring our position, Depomed filed preliminary proxy materials for the upcoming annual meeting with a proposal to change the Company's state of incorporation from California to Delaware (the "Reincorporation Proposal").  Upon further review, we identified unconventional provisions that indicate management and the Board are using the Reincorporation Proposal as a tactic to further entrench themselves by suppressing shareholder rights that currently exist under Depomed-California.  This is just the latest egregious example of poor corporate governance and entrenchment by this Board.  Apparently, it was not enough for the current Board to unilaterally adopt onerous and shareholder-unfriendly special meeting bylaw provisions in July 2015, as part of its efforts to fend off an unsolicited proposal to acquire the Company from Horizon Pharma plc ("Horizon").  Now, under the guise of the Reincorporation Proposal, the Board is attempting to:
(i) Increase the solicitation requirement to call a special meeting from 10% of the voting power, as it currently stands under California law, to 25% of the voting power, as would be required under Depomed-Delaware's bylaws; and
(ii) Eliminate altogether the ability of shareholders to call a special meeting to remove and replace current Board members; and
(iii) Prevent shareholders, for all practical purposes, from commencing a special meeting request process within 180 days of any Annual Meeting; and
(iv) Obtain the sole discretion and authority to effect the Delaware reincorporation at any time prior to the 2017 Annual Meeting.
These are not typical or standard provisions that would reasonably be included in such a reincorporation proposal.  These appear to be carefully crafted provisions with the specific intention of further limiting shareholder rights.  In addition, Depomed conveniently failed to disclose some of these material provisions in the Reincorporation Proposal section of its preliminary proxy and instead chose to bury these significant entrenchment provisions in Appendices D and E towards the very end of the proxy.  We intend to vigorously oppose the current version of the Reincorporation Proposal, and we advise other shareholders to fully consider these provisions and the significant ramifications they would have on shareholder rights.
Unfortunately, these shareholder-unfriendly tactics are just the latest attempts by the current Board to further entrench themselves.  The Board took similar actions following Horizon's unsolicited proposal to acquire the Company.  Specifically, on July 7, 2015, the Company received an unsolicited offer from Horizon to acquire all of the outstanding shares of Depomed in an all-stock transaction for $29.25 per share, which represented a 42% premium to the closing price of $20.64 per share on July 6, 2015.  At the time, this $29.25 per share offer price would have represented an all-time high stock price for the Company, and compares to the current Depomed stock price of $15.00 per share as of yesterday's close.
Rather than engage with Horizon in an attempt to negotiate a value-maximizing transaction, on July 12, 2015, the Board adopted bylaw amendments, as well as a 10% poison pill rights plan (the "Poison Pill"), designed to make it as difficult and time-consuming as possible for shareholders to potentially have a say on Horizon's offer at a special meeting.  Nevertheless, Horizon proceeded to comply with the arduous steps under the special meeting bylaw amendments in order to give shareholders a voice on its offer.  Institutional Shareholder Services ("ISS") and Glass, Lewis & Co. ("Glass Lewis"), two leading proxy advisory firms, expressed concerns about Depomed's shareholder-unfriendly bylaw amendments and Poison Pill, and supported Horizon's efforts to call a special meeting to remove and replace the Board, noting:
"Given that the poison pill and unilateral bylaw amendments adopted by the Depomed board materially impact shareholder rights, shareholders should provide consent FOR the special meeting requests." – ISS, September 26, 2015
"[i]n this case, [Glass Lewis] believe[s] it would be in the best interests of [Depomed] shareholders to consent to the calling of the Removal and Bylaw Amendments Special Meeting and the Election Special Meeting so that the merits of the underlying issues can be more carefully evaluated." – Glass Lewis, September 28, 2015
In early August 2015, Horizon's merger subsidiary filed a lawsuit against Depomed and the Board, seeking to invalidate the bylaw amendments and the Poison Pill under California law and alleging that the Board members had breached their fiduciary duties.  That same day, Depomed filed a lawsuit against Horizon alleging, among other things, a breach of contract and other violations of California law by Horizon based on Horizon's possession and misuse of confidential information it obtained from Janssen Pharmaceuticals, Inc. ("Janssen") under a confidentiality agreement.  Depomed moved for a preliminary injunction to prevent Horizon from continuing with its offer to acquire Depomed based on Horizon's alleged misuse of confidential information, which the court granted on November 19, 2015.  Despite the onerous bylaw requirements, Horizon was close to submitting the requisite consents for calling the special meeting in mid-November 2015.  Following the court decision, however, Horizon withdrew its then-increased offer of $33.00 per share.  Depomed stock reached a high of $33.74 on July 21, 2015 following Horizon's final offer.  Since then, Depomed's stock price has declined 56%, resulting in significant losses for shareholders.
In addition to the decline in Depomed's share price, shareholders are continuing to pay for the Company's ill-advised lawsuit against Horizon.  In 2015, Depomed paid approximately $11.9 million in legal fees associated with the defense of Horizon.  Shareholders are still paying the Company's legal fees as Depomed continues a lawsuit that appears to have more to do with management and the Board's self-preservation than protecting the best interests of shareholders.  We see no legitimate rationale for the Board's continued insistence in proceeding with a lawsuit that deprives shareholders of the potential for an approach by a strategic acquirer.  This lawsuit sets a terrible precedent for potential future value creation, and significantly undermines the rights of Depomed shareholders.
This Company has a troubling record of manipulating Depomed's corporate machinery to entrench management and the Board.  This was clearly evident throughout Horizon's attempt to acquire the Company and has become even more evident with regard to Depomed's latest attempt to eliminate altogether the ability of shareholders to seek the removal of Board members at a special meeting under the guise of a Delaware reincorporation. 
Given the apparent willingness of the current Board members to take extraordinary action to entrench themselves, as exemplified by the Reincorporation Proposal, we have little choice at this time but to immediately commence the process to call a special meeting of shareholders in order to preserve our rights under California law and Depomed's current bylaws.  Therefore, yesterday, we delivered to the Company the documentation required under Depomed's bylaws to request that the Board set a record date for determining the shareholders entitled to call a special meeting (the "Record Date Request Notice").  Depomed's onerous special meeting bylaws require that we put forth our slate of director candidates as part of this initial step in commencing the special meeting process.
Given that the Reincorporation Proposal was publicly disclosed only three days ago on April 5, 2016, and our view that the members of the Board will go to any length to entrench themselves, out of an abundance of caution, we are immediately nominating six individuals, five of whom are Starboard Value investment professionals.  We intend to continue our search for a slate of director candidates that will ensure an experienced, diverse, and independent board, as has been our practice when proposing alternative board slates over the past fourteen years.  However, we deemed it necessary to take this action to preserve our rights as shareholders, and to ensure compliance with Depomed's current onerous bylaw requirements, so that management cannot further manipulate the bylaws prior to our ability to take action.
We are taking this extraordinary action because we cannot risk that the current Board may seek to further manipulate Depomed's bylaws to prevent a lawful special meeting request.  We caution the Board against taking any steps in response to our special meeting Record Date Request Notice to further diminish or suppress the rights of its shareholders to call a special meeting under California law and the Company's bylaws.
We have an ownership interest in approximately 9.8% of the outstanding shares of Depomed because we believe that significant opportunities exist to create value through better execution, improved capital allocation, and, potentially, a sale of the Company.  We hope to have a constructive dialogue with the Company, but need to make sure that shareholders' interests remain of paramount importance.  As such, we fully expect that management and the Board will halt their pattern of aggressive entrenchment behavior and take no action to further frustrate shareholders' rights. Additionally, despite recent rhetoric from management to the contrary, we believe that Depomed should not be contemplating acquisitions at this time given its levered capital structure and expensive debt.
To be clear, we are not currently advocating for any one particular transaction, or any transaction at all, but we firmly believe that board change is necessary to best represent the interests of all shareholders as it relates to the ongoing business and any potential transaction opportunities in the future.  Given your actions, and history of actions, we cannot take the risk that you further impair our shareholder rights.  We intend to share more details with shareholders in the coming weeks regarding our views on the Company, opportunities for value creation, and Depomed's significant corporate governance deficiencies.
Best Regards,            
Jeffrey C. Smith   Managing Member   Starboard Value LP 
About Starboard Value LP   Starboard Value LP is a New York-based investment adviser with a focused and fundamental approach to investing in publicly traded U.S. companies. Starboard invests in deeply undervalued companies and actively engages with management teams and boards of directors to identify and execute on opportunities to unlock value for the benefit of all shareholders.
Investor contacts:  Peter Feld, (212) 201-4878Gavin Molinelli, (212) 201-4828www.starboardvalue.com
CERTAIN INFORMATION CONCERNING THE PARTICIPANTS 
Starboard Value LP, together with the other participants named herein (collectively, "Starboard"), intends to file a preliminary proxy statement and accompanying request card with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") to be used to solicit requests for the calling of a special meeting of shareholders of Depomed, Inc., a California corporation (the "Company"). 
STARBOARD STRONGLY ADVISES ALL STOCKHOLDERS OF THE COMPANY TO READ THE PROXY STATEMENT AND OTHER PROXY MATERIALS AS THEY BECOME AVAILABLE BECAUSE THEY WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION. SUCH PROXY MATERIALS WILL BE AVAILABLE AT NO CHARGE ON THE SEC'S WEB SITE AT HTTP://WWW.SEC.GOV. IN ADDITION, THE PARTICIPANTS IN THIS PROXY SOLICITATION WILL PROVIDE COPIES OF THE PROXY STATEMENT WITHOUT CHARGE, WHEN AVAILABLE, UPON REQUEST. REQUESTS FOR COPIES SHOULD BE DIRECTED TO THE PARTICIPANTS' PROXY SOLICITOR. 
The participants in the proxy solicitation are Starboard Value LP, Starboard Value and Opportunity Master Fund Ltd ("Starboard V&O Fund"), Starboard Value and Opportunity S LLC ("Starboard S LLC"), Starboard Value and Opportunity C LP ("Starboard C LP"), Starboard Value GP LLC ("Starboard Value GP"), Starboard Principal Co LP ("Principal Co"), Starboard Principal Co GP LLC ("Principal GP"), Starboard Value R LP ("Starboard R LP"), Starboard Value R GP LLC ("Starboard R GP"), Jeffrey C. Smith, Mark R. Mitchell, Peter A. Feld, Gavin T. Molinelli, Patrick Sullivan, and James P. Fogarty. 
As of the date hereof, Starboard V&O Fund directly owns 3,497,802 shares of Common Stock, no par value, of the Company (the "Common Stock"). As of the date hereof, Starboard S LLC directly owns 414,072 shares of Common Stock. As of the date hereof, Starboard C LP directly owns 230,111 shares of Common Stock. Starboard R LP, as the general partner of Starboard C LP, may be deemed the beneficial owner of the 230,111 shares of Common Stock directly owned by Starboard C LP. Starboard R GP, as the general partner of Starboard R LP, may be deemed the beneficial owner of the 230,111 shares of Common Stock directly owned by Starboard C LP. As of the date hereof, 398,015 shares of Common Stock were held in an account managed by Starboard Value LP (the "Starboard Value LP Account"). Starboard Value LP, as the investment manager of each of Starboard V&O Fund, Starboard C LP and the Starboard Value LP Account and the manager of Starboard S LLC, may be deemed the beneficial owner of an aggregate of 4,540,000 shares of Common Stock directly owned by Starboard V&O Fund, Starboard S LLC and Starboard C LP and held in the Starboard Value LP Account. Each of Starboard Value GP, as the general partner of Starboard Value LP, Principal Co, as a member of Starboard Value GP, Principal GP, as the general partner of Principal Co and each of Messrs. Smith, Mitchell and Feld, as a member of Principal GP and as a member of each of the Management Committee of Starboard Value GP and the Management Committee of Principal GP, may be deemed the beneficial owner of the 4,540,000 shares of Common Stock directly owned by Starboard V&O Fund, Starboard S LLC and Starboard C LP and held in the Starboard Value LP Account. 
Starboard and its affiliates have entered into certain cash-settled total return swap agreements that constitute economic exposure to an aggregate of 1,475,000 notional shares of Common Stock.
As of the date hereof, Messrs. Molinelli and Sullivan do not, themselves, own any shares of Common Stock. As of the date hereof, Mr. Fogarty, himself, owns 16,450 shares of Common Stock. 
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/starboard-delivers-letter-to-depomed-ceo-and-board-of-directors-300248415.html
SOURCE  Starboard Value LP
 Related Links

http://www.starboardvalue.com



 












Apr 15, 2016, 07:15 ET
Preview: Starboard Comments On Depomed's Decision To Withdraw Its Reincorporation Proposal













Mar 24, 2016, 08:00 ET
Preview: Starboard to Nominate Nine Highly Qualified Director Candidates for Election to Yahoo's Board of Directors at the 2016 Annual Meeting






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





 You just read:
Starboard Delivers Letter to Depomed CEO and Board of Directors


 News provided by
Starboard Value LP  
Apr 08, 2016, 08:01 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 




	STARBOARD VALUE Trademark of Starboard Value LP. Serial Number: 85277298 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Insurance & Financial Services
STARBOARD VALUE










 
Get FREE email alerts













STARBOARD VALUE  Trademark Information
 Starboard Value LP
Financial services, namely, asset management services, investment management services and investment advisory services




Perfect for these industries

Insurance & Financial Services





Words that describe this mark
financial   services         asset   management   services      investment   management   services   investment   advisory   services    
                                    




This is a brand page for the STARBOARD VALUE trademark by Starboard Value LP 
                                in New York, NY, 10017.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this STARBOARD VALUE trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Starboard Value LP of the STARBOARD VALUE trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the STARBOARD VALUE trademark.
                           






On Friday, March 25, 2011,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        STARBOARD VALUE by 
                        Starboard Value LP, New York, NY  10017.
                        The USPTO has given the STARBOARD VALUE 
                        trademark serial  number of  85277298.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is REGISTERED.
                        The correspondent listed for STARBOARD VALUE is 
                        
                        
                                            SCOTT KAREFF of 
                                            SCHULTE ROTH & ZABEL LLP,  919 3RD AVE FL 22, NEW YORK, NY 10022-3905 
                                .
                            The STARBOARD VALUE trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Insurance & Financial Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for STARBOARD VALUE 
                            is Financial services, namely, asset management services, investment management services and investment advisory services. 
                            





Word mark:
 STARBOARD VALUE


  Status/Status Date:  


REGISTERED

5/1/2012

Estimated Renewal Deadline: May 1, 2018See Trademark Renewal Services




  Serial Number:  
85277298


  Filing Date:  
3/25/2011


 Registration Number:  
4136802 


 Registration Date:  
5/1/2012


 Goods and Services: 
Financial services, namely, asset management services, investment management services and investment advisory services


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
12/13/2011


Last Applicant/Owner:

Starboard Value LPNew York, NY  10017
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 ("VALUE")


 Correspondent:


SCOTT KAREFF
SCHULTE ROTH & ZABEL LLP
919 3RD AVE FL 22
NEW YORK, NY 10022-3905






 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (036) - Insurance; financial affairs; monetary affairs; real estate affairs. 


First Use Anywhere: 
3/31/2011


First Use In Commerce: 
3/31/2011





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your STARBOARD VALUE trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

5/1/2012
REGISTERED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



SCOTT KAREFF


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of STARBOARD VALUE trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search starboardvalue on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for STARBOARD VALUE 




STARBOARD VALUE is providing Financial services, namely, asset management services, investment management services and investment advisory services.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 


























King Starboard Plastic Sheet - Cut to Size and Stocked Sizes Boat Outfitters | Marine Hardware, Boating Accessories, Tackle Centers







 




 










JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
For the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on Javascript in your browser.
















My Cart


















 


ABOUT US
CUSTOM WORK

Before and After Projects
OEM Services
Custom Tackle Centers
Custom Doors


OUR PARTNERS

Boat Builders
Conservation Partners


BOATER RESOURCES

Where To Fish
Boat Builder Links




 
 
 
 
 

Skip to Content
 











        Sign In    

Create an AccountToggle Nav




Search




Search






        Advanced Search    





Search






We're Here to Help!
(866) 633-9204
8am - 5pm (EST) M-F


        Compare Products        






Monterey


Parker


Pathfinder


Pursuit


Rinker


Sailfish


Scout


Sea Fox


Sea Hunt


Sea Ray


Sportsman


Striper


Tiara


Tracker


World Cat


Yellowfin


Boston Whaler


Century


Chaparral


Chris Craft


Cobia


Contender


Crownline


Ebbtide


Everglades


Four Winns


Glacier Bay


Hatteras


Hunt Yachts


Hydra Sports


Key West


Larson


Maverick



 


Menu





Account








                    Home                



                    Material                



                    Plastic Sheet                


King Starboard






King Starboard Plastic Sheet 















 


Boat Outfitters is proud to offer King Starboard plastic sheet.  We helped pioneer the introduction of King Starboard into the marine industry 30 years ago and have grown into the worlds leading fabricator of King Starboard. Fabricating over 3 million lbs of the plastic sheet annually, our large production runs give us the unique flexibility to offer cut to size Starboard sheet material at affordable prices. 


 King Starboard Colors




Below is our "best guess" color match by boat brand:



  Important Note
 Many builders have gone through color changes and utilize different color schemes on different boats. The above list should not be considered a definitive resource. Use these suggestions at your own risk and please consider purchasing a sample chain if color match is critical.



 












View as

Grid


List



9 Items    


Show




                    24                

                    36                

                    48                

                    All                


per page


Sort By


                Position            

                Product Name            

                Price            


Set Descending Direction







 










                                    White/White King Starboard Plastic Sheets                                



Rating:

100%



1 Review





$21.75-$640.00


 





 
Add to Cart





Add to Wish List


Add to Compare






 










                                    Arctic White King Starboard Plastic Sheets                                




$21.75-$640.00


 





 
Add to Cart





Add to Wish List


Add to Compare






 










                                    Seafoam King Starboard Plastic Sheets                                




$21.75-$640.00


 





 
Add to Cart





Add to Wish List


Add to Compare






 










                                    Black King Starboard Plastic Sheets                                



Rating:

100%



1 Review





$21.75-$640.00


 





 
Add to Cart





Add to Wish List


Add to Compare






 










                                    Dolphin Gray King Starboard Plastic Sheets                                




$29.45-$395.00


 





 
Add to Cart





Add to Wish List


Add to Compare






 










                                    Glacier Gray King Starboard Plastic Sheets                                


 





 
Add to Cart





Add to Wish List


Add to Compare






 










                                    Fish White King Starboard Plastic Sheets                                


 





 
Add to Cart





Add to Wish List


Add to Compare






 










                                    Custom Starboard Circles                                


 





 
Add to Cart





Add to Wish List


Add to Compare






 










                                    King Starboard Sample Chain                                




$10.00 

 





 
Add to Cart





Add to Wish List


Add to Compare






 



View as

Grid


List



9 Items    


Show




                    24                

                    36                

                    48                

                    All                


per page


Sort By


                Position            

                Product Name            

                Price            


Set Descending Direction










Shop By


Shopping Options


Price






$0.00 - $9.99
3
                             items






$10.00 - $19.99
1
                             item






$20.00 and above
5
                             items










Go













Compare Products











Remove This Item





Compare



Clear All






You have no items to compare.





My Wish List





Last Added Items


















Add to Cart


Add to Cart





Remove This Item









Go to Wish List




You have no items in your wish list.







Copyright © 2017 Boat Outfitters. All rights reserved.

 



Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Starboard Value LP: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 5:23 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Starboard Value LP



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Starboard Value LP is a privately owned hedge fund sponsor. The firm primarily provides its services to pooled investment vehicles. It also caters to state and municipal government entities. The firm invests in the public equity markets of the United States. It invests in value stocks of small-cap companies. The firm employs fundamental analysis to make its investments. Starboard Value LP was founded in March 2011 and is based in New York City.


777 Third Avenue18th FloorNew York, NY 10017United StatesFounded in 2011



Phone: 212-845-7977

www.starboardvalue.com/index.html







Key Executives for Starboard Value LP




Mr. Jeffrey Chad Smith


      	CEO, Managing Member, and Chief Investment Officer
      


Age: 45
        







Mr. Mark Robert Mitchell


      	Managing Member, Head of Risk Management and Trading, and Portfolio Manager
      


Age: 55
        







Mr. Kenneth Rod Marlin CPA


      	Chief Financial Officer and Chief Compliance Officer
      








Mr. Morris Tucker


      	Director of Operations
      








Mr. Peter Alexander Feld


      	Managing Member, Head of Research, and Portfolio Manager
      


Age: 38
        




Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Starboard Value LP Key Developments

Starboard Value Reportedly Sold Stake In Macy's
Mar 15 17
Starboard Value LP has sold its stake in Macy's, Inc. (NYSE:M) people familiar with the matter said on March 15, 2017. The sources asked not to be identified because the matter is not public. Starboard, which owned almost 1% of Macy's as of the end of December, 2016, declined to comment. Macy's did not immediately respond to a request for comment.


Starboard Reportedly Pushes Rockwell Collins To Explore Strategic Alternatives
Nov 30 16
Rockwell Collins, Inc. is reportedly urged to explore strategic alternatives. Rockwell Collins is under pressure from Starboard Value LP to reconsider its $6.4 billion purchase of B/E Aerospace, Inc. (NasdaqGS:BEAV) and instead explore alternative options, including selling itself, according to people familiar with the matter. In addition to Jeff Smith’s activist fund, at least three other top-25 shareholders are planning to reject the B/E Aerospace deal in favor of a sale, the people said, asking not to be identified because the details are private. Rockwell Collins is aware of the discontent among some of its shareholders, the people said. It’s unclear if the aerospace supplier is open to the idea of a sale. Pam Tvrdy, a spokeswoman for Rockwell Collins, declined to comment on the Starboard overture. A representative for B/E Aerospace didn’t respond to a request seeking comment. A representative for Starboard confirmed the fund has a stake in Rockwell but declined to comment further.


Stewart Information Services Corporation Announces Board Changes
Oct 18 16
Stewart Information Services Corporation announced that it has entered into an agreement with Starboard Value LP regarding the composition of the Stewart board of directors. Stewart chief executive officer Matthew Morris and a new independent director, Clifford Press, will be appointed to the board, effective immediately.  Mssrs. Morris and Press will replace Malcolm S. Morris and Stewart Morris, Jr., who have agreed to resign after each serving on the board for 16 years.  In addition, the board has committed to appoint two other new independent directors.  The two new independent directors will replace Laurie Moore-Moore and Frank Keating, two current members of the board, who have agreed to step down once the new independent directors have been identified and appointed to the board. With the addition of Mssrs. Morris and Press, and the two new independent board members to be named, the Stewart board will be comprised of nine directors, eight of whom will be independent. Matt Morris, 45, serves as the chief executive officer of Stewart Information Services Corporation. Previously, he was senior executive vice president for Stewart Information Services Corporation, Stewart Title Company and Stewart Title Guaranty Company. Clifford Press, 63, is an experienced governance oriented investor, and has served on the boards of numerous public companies in the course of his career. He currently serves as a director of Newcastle Investment Corp. and Quantum Corporation. Mr. Press has recently served as a director of GM Network Ltd. and SeaBright Holdings Inc.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Merger/Acquisition

			      June 28, 2017
			    
Staples, Inc.



Merger/Acquisition

			      May 8, 2017
			    
Tribune Media Company



Merger/Acquisition

			      September 19, 2016
			    
Infoblox Inc.





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Starboard Value LP, please visit www.starboardvalue.com/index.html.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












      Starboard Value Takes 4.6% Stake in Perrigo, Worth Nearly $600 Million - WSJ
    













































































































 




Dow Jones, a News Corp companyNews Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information servicesDow JonesBarron'sBigChartsDJXDow Jones NewswiresFactivaFinancial NewsMansion GlobalMarketWatchNewsPlusPrivate MarketsRisk & ComplianceWSJ ConferenceWSJ ProWSJ VideoWSJ.comNews CorpBig DecisionsBusiness SpectatorCheckout51Harper CollinsNew York PostPropTigerREArealtor.comStoryfulThe AustralianThe SunThe TimesSubscribe NowSign InThe Wall Street JournalSearchSearch→
 

 

















                      Amazon’s Expansion Costs Take a Toll
                    











                      Trump Comments on U.S. Factories Make It Awkward for Apple
                    











                      An Electric Maserati? Fiat Chrysler CEO Says It’s on the Way
                    











                        Globalization in Retreat
                      

                      China’s Next Target: U.S. Microchip Hegemony
                    











                      Shell Prepares for ‘Lower Forever’ Oil Prices
                    











                      Uber Approaches GE CEO Jeff Immelt About Top Role
                    











                      Glencore Under Probe Over Congo Payments
                    











                      Chinese Billionaire Scales Down His Hollywood Dreams
                    











                      Intel Finds Room to Boost Revenue
                    











                      United Therapeutics in Settlement Talks With Justice Department
                    











                      Procter &amp; Gamble, Activist Spar Over Latest Results
                    









 



 






 

































        Small
      




        Medium
      




        Large
      








Save Article
Sign In to Save
Subscribe to WSJ









 










Business




Starboard Value Takes 4.6% Stake in Perrigo, Worth Nearly $600 Million
Activist investor urges drug company to refocus on its core business   

 






By

David Benoit and 
              

David Benoit
The Wall Street Journal
BiographyDavid Benoit
@DaveCBenoit
benoitda
Google+
David.Benoit@wsj.com



Jonathan D. Rockoff


Jonathan D. Rockoff
The Wall Street Journal
BiographyJonathan D. Rockoff
@jonathanrockoff
Jonathan.Rockoff@wsj.com




  Updated Sept. 11, 2016 10:41 p.m. ET





Starboard Value LP has built a 4.6% stake in Perrigo Co., worth nearly $600 million, and is urging the drug company to refocus on its core business. The activist shareholder sent Perrigo a letter Sunday criticizing the company for failing to live up to performance targets it set while successfully fending off a $26 billion takeover offer last year from Mylan NV. A copy of the letter was reviewed by The Wall Street Journal. ...
  


    To Read the Full Story
  


      Subscribe
    

      Sign In
    



 












 






Most Popular Videos









John McCain Casts Deciding Vote to Defeat Health Bill









Sen. Graham: The 'Skinny' Bill Is a Disaster









Dan Neil Drives VW's Atlas









Who and What Is Covered by Medicaid?









How Luxury Home Builders Build for Themselves






Most Popular Articles








Bad News If You Make $150,000 to $300,000: Higher Taxes for Many








Opinion: Trump Is Woody Allen Without the Humor








Japan Slaps 50% Tariff on Some U.S. Beef








Stop Saying Tom Brady Is Old!








Scaramucci Erupts Over Priebus and Leakers





 





 







              Popular on WSJ
            








Most Popular Videos









John McCain Casts Deciding Vote to Defeat Health Bill









Sen. Graham: The 'Skinny' Bill Is a Disaster









Dan Neil Drives VW's Atlas









Who and What Is Covered by Medicaid?









How Luxury Home Builders Build for Themselves






Most Popular Articles








Bad News If You Make $150,000 to $300,000: Higher Taxes for Many








Opinion: Trump Is Woody Allen Without the Humor








Japan Slaps 50% Tariff on Some U.S. Beef








Stop Saying Tom Brady Is Old!








Scaramucci Erupts Over Priebus and Leakers





 








 
















   
     
       
     
   

  
    
      
    
  

  
    
      
    
  

  
    
      
    
  


  
    
    
      
    
    
      Save Article
      Sign In to Save
      Subscribe to WSJ
    
  

   
     
       
     
   
   
     
       
     
   




  
  
    
      
  
    
      Text Size
  
      
      
        

        Small
      
  
      
      
        

        Medium
      
  
      
      
        

        Large
      
    
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
    
      
        
          
            
              
          
            Print
          
        
      
          
            
              
          
            Facebook
          
        
        
          
            
              
          
            Twitter
          
        
        
          
            
              
          
            WhatsApp
          
        
  
        
          
            
              
          
            SMS
          
        
  
  
        
          
            
              
          
            Copy Link
          
        
  
      
  
      
        
    
  
    
  
  
  


 













 







Starboard Value LP : Articles :: Law360


































Search




Advanced Search

Take a Free Trial | 
					Sign In






















 Close


Law360 In-Depth
Law360 UK
Adv. Search & Platform Tools
Browse all sections 
Banking
Bankruptcy
Class Action
Competition
Employment
Energy
Expert Analysis
Insurance
Intellectual Property
Product Liability
Securities
Rankings
Law360's MVPs
Glass Ceiling Report
Global 20
Law360 400
Diversity Snapshot
Practice Group Partner Rankings
Practice Groups of the Year
Pro Bono Firms of the Year
Rising Stars
Trial Aces
Site Menu
Join the Law360 team
Search legal jobs
Learn more about Law360
Read testimonials
Contact Law360
Sign up for our newsletters
Site Map
Help













Starboard Value LP


 News & Case Alert  on Starboard Value LP



Financial » Asset Management » Starboard Value LP







Alert me of new articles

Menu options for Starboard Value LP 


Everything »
News & Analysis »
New Cases »
New PTAB Cases »
Case Activity »
Outside Counsel »


Sections


Aerospace & Defense (5)
Appellate (1)
Asset Management (83)
Automotive (3)
Banking (9)
Bankruptcy (2)
California (27)
Capital Markets (33)
Class Action (9)
Competition (4)
Corporate (8)
Cybersecurity & Privacy (2)
Delaware (10)
Energy (3)
Florida (37)
Food & Beverage (34)
Health (6)
Hospitality (52)
Illinois (3)
Insurance (5)
International Trade (2)
Legal Industry (3)
Life Sciences (11)
Media & Entertainment (19)
Mergers & Acquisitions (181)
New York (36)
Pennsylvania (1)
Private Equity (84)
Product Liability (1)
Real Estate (16)
Retail & E-Commerce (53)
Securities (91)
Southeast (1)
Tax (14)
Technology (73)
Telecommunications (17)
Texas (4)
Top News (15)
Transportation (7)







×
Search within the list below:







Name
Count






Continue
Cancel










×
Please assign a name to this alert






Save Alert
Cancel













Search News


















News (201)


July 26, 2017
Hedge Fund Sues In Del. For ComScore Inc. Annual Meeting
...A fund of activist investor Starboard Value LP sued media and audience measurement company comScore...


July  7, 2017
Skadden's Familiarity With Yahoo Key In Closing $4.48B Sale
... presence of a well-known and vocal activist investor, Starboard Value LP.

Starboard, which had pushed for...


July  3, 2017
The Biggest M&A Moments Of 2017's First Half  
... following pressure from activist investor Starboard Value LP — was cut by $350 million in February...


June 20, 2017
Kirkland Steers Pamplona Capital In $5B Parexel Buyout
... statement. The deal, which also comes after activists such as Starboard Value LP started showing up in the...


May 16, 2017
Yahoo Readies $3B Share Buyback Ahead Of Verizon Deal
... campaign waged by Starboard Value LP that had long pushed for a sale of the flagging tech giant.

The deal...


May 12, 2017
Don't Miss It: Hot Deals & Firms We Followed This Week
... Starboard Value LP nabbed a 5.7 percent stake in Parexel International Corp., a Boston-area drug contract...


May 11, 2017
Chancery Hears Dismissal Bid In MeadWestvaco Merger Suit
... brought to bear for a sale by activist shareholder Starboard Value LP. The fund sent a letter to...


March 28, 2017
Darden To Pick Up Casual Restaurant Chain In $780M Deal
... subject of one of the biggest proxy battles in 2014, with Starboard Value LP eventually succeeding in its...


February 27, 2017
Perrigo Inks $2.85B Divestiture Amid Activist Pressure
... calls for a turnaround by Starboard Value LP, according to a statement.

For Royalty Pharma, the deal...


February 21, 2017
Verizon Cuts Yahoo Deal By $350M Over Cyberattack Woes
....

The deal also capped off roughly two years of pressure from Starboard Value LP and came after the the...


February  7, 2017
Starboard Settlement Adds Fresh Faces To Perrigo's Board
...-based Perrigo Co. PLC appointed three of Starboard Value LP’s picks — including Jeffrey...


February  7, 2017
5 Trends That Will Shape Shareholder Activism In 2017
... of the practice.

The major activist investors, such as Elliott Management Corp. and Starboard Value...


February  3, 2017
2016’s Top 5 Activists And Their Biggest Plays Of The Year
....

Starboard’s Yahoo Play Lands Fund Spot as No. 2 Activist

Starboard Value LP’s big bet on Yahoo...


January  6, 2017
Verizon Exec Says Outlook For $4.83B Yahoo Buy Is Uncertain
... players.

The highly buzzed about deal capped off roughly two years of pressure from Starboard Value LP...


December  8, 2016
The Biggest M&A Moments Of 2016’s Second Half
... from Starboard Value LP, coming after the the company quelled a potential proxy fight by allowing two...


December  2, 2016
Delaware Suit Targets $6.4B B/E Aerospace-Rockwell Merger
... rattled by reports that Starboard Value LP, a hedge fund run by activist investor Jeff Smith, has taken a...


December  1, 2016
Deals Rumor Mill: McDonald's, Rockwell Collins, Decolar.com
.... among those that at one point were vying to reach a deal with the fast food giant.

Starboard Value LP...


November 18, 2016
Don't Miss It: Hot Deals & Firms We Followed This Week
... Alex Slade.

Activist investor Starboard Value LP revealed in a Monday regulatory filing that it has...


November 10, 2016
Macy's, Brookfield Ink Real Estate Partnership
... Starboard Value LP. Starboard has said that its research values Macy's real estate portfolio at $20.7...


October 18, 2016
Starboard Wins Activist Bid To Add Stewart Board Members
... from activist investor Starboard Value LP, which owns nearly 10 percent of Stewart's outstanding common...



	Show: 2050100200

← Previous 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 Next →














×
Already have access? Click here to login



Get instant access to the one-stop news source for business lawyers
Register Now!




Get instant access to the one-stop news source for business lawyers













Email (Professional email required)






First Name



Last Name







PLEASE NOTE: A verification email will be sent to your address before you can access your trial.


Password (at least 6 characters required)



Confirm Password







Select at least one primary interest:


 Aerospace & Defense
										

 Appellate
										

 Asset Management
										

 Automotive
										

 Banking
										

 Bankruptcy
										

 California
										

 Capital Markets
										

 Class Action
										

 Commercial Contracts
										

 Competition
										

 Consumer Protection
										

 Corporate
										

 Cybersecurity & Privacy
										

 Delaware
										

 Employment
										

 Energy
										

 Environmental
										

 Financial Services Uk
										

 Florida
										

 Food & Beverage
										

 Government Contracts
										

 Health
										

 Hospitality
										

 Illinois
										

 Immigration
										

 Insurance
										

 Insurance Uk
										

 Intellectual Property
										

 International Arbitration
										

 International Trade
										

 Law360 In Depth
										

 Legal Ethics
										

 Life Sciences
										

 Media & Entertainment
										

 Medical Malpractice
										

 Mergers & Acquisitions
										

 Native American
										

 New Jersey
										

 New York
										

 Pennsylvania
										

 Private Equity
										

 Product Liability
										

 Project Finance
										

 Public Policy
										

 Real Estate
										

 Retail & E Commerce
										

 Securities
										

 Sports
										

 Tax
										

 Technology
										

 Telecommunications
										

 Texas
										

 Transportation
										

 Trials
										

 White Collar
										





Register




Already have access?




Email:



Password:

Forgot your password?


Remember login



Sign In
















 







Starboard Value LP :: Law360
































Search




Advanced Search

Take a Free Trial | 
					Sign In






















 Close


Law360 In-Depth
Law360 UK
Adv. Search & Platform Tools
Browse all sections 
Banking
Bankruptcy
Class Action
Competition
Employment
Energy
Expert Analysis
Insurance
Intellectual Property
Product Liability
Securities
Rankings
Law360's MVPs
Glass Ceiling Report
Global 20
Law360 400
Diversity Snapshot
Practice Group Partner Rankings
Practice Groups of the Year
Pro Bono Firms of the Year
Rising Stars
Trial Aces
Site Menu
Join the Law360 team
Search legal jobs
Learn more about Law360
Read testimonials
Contact Law360
Sign up for our newsletters
Site Map
Help













Starboard Value LP


 News & Case Alert  on Starboard Value LP



Financial » Asset Management » Starboard Value LP






Menu options for Starboard Value LP 


Everything »
News & Analysis »
New Cases »
New PTAB Cases »
Case Activity »
Outside Counsel »


                Data on cases, clients, outside counsel and individual attorneys collected from active federal civil cases. Reflects only recently published court data; not intended to be exhaustive. Not responsible for errors in court dockets.
            






×
Please assign a name to this alert






Save Alert
Cancel










News (201)


July 26, 2017
Hedge Fund Sues In Del. For ComScore Inc. Annual Meeting
...A fund of activist investor Starboard Value LP sued media and audience measurement company comScore...


July  7, 2017
Skadden's Familiarity With Yahoo Key In Closing $4.48B Sale
... presence of a well-known and vocal activist investor, Starboard Value LP.

Starboard, which had pushed for...


July  3, 2017
The Biggest M&A Moments Of 2017's First Half  
... following pressure from activist investor Starboard Value LP — was cut by $350 million in February...


Cases (0)

No results

PTAB Cases (1)



March  3, 2017 | IPR2017-01023
Obalon Therapeutics, Inc. v. Polyzen, Inc.




To view all the results and drill down deeper, take a free trial now.



Try Law360 FREE for seven days
Already a subscriber? Click here to login
















×
Already have access? Click here to login



Get instant access to the one-stop news source for business lawyers
Register Now!




Get instant access to the one-stop news source for business lawyers













Email (Professional email required)






First Name



Last Name







PLEASE NOTE: A verification email will be sent to your address before you can access your trial.


Password (at least 6 characters required)



Confirm Password







Select at least one primary interest:


 Aerospace & Defense
										

 Appellate
										

 Asset Management
										

 Automotive
										

 Banking
										

 Bankruptcy
										

 California
										

 Capital Markets
										

 Class Action
										

 Commercial Contracts
										

 Competition
										

 Consumer Protection
										

 Corporate
										

 Cybersecurity & Privacy
										

 Delaware
										

 Employment
										

 Energy
										

 Environmental
										

 Financial Services Uk
										

 Florida
										

 Food & Beverage
										

 Government Contracts
										

 Health
										

 Hospitality
										

 Illinois
										

 Immigration
										

 Insurance
										

 Insurance Uk
										

 Intellectual Property
										

 International Arbitration
										

 International Trade
										

 Law360 In Depth
										

 Legal Ethics
										

 Life Sciences
										

 Media & Entertainment
										

 Medical Malpractice
										

 Mergers & Acquisitions
										

 Native American
										

 New Jersey
										

 New York
										

 Pennsylvania
										

 Private Equity
										

 Product Liability
										

 Project Finance
										

 Public Policy
										

 Real Estate
										

 Retail & E Commerce
										

 Securities
										

 Sports
										

 Tax
										

 Technology
										

 Telecommunications
										

 Texas
										

 Transportation
										

 Trials
										

 White Collar
										





Register




Already have access?




Email:



Password:

Forgot your password?


Remember login



Sign In
















Hitachi Interactive Solutions                                   

       

JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.

Compare (0)You have no items to compare.linksMy AccountMy WishlistProduct BlogLog InCall: (800) 992-5279Hitachi Interactive Solutions















0item(s)
You have no items in your shopping cart.  

Search:

All CategoriesAbout Clary Business MachinesProducts- Document Cameras- Interactive Touchscreens- Interactive Whiteboards- Projectors- Interactive Portable Devices

  

Home

About us
ProductsDocument CamerasInteractive TouchscreensInteractive WhiteboardsProjectorsInteractive ProjectorsNon-Interactive ProjectorsInteractive Portable DevicesSuppliesInstallation Services
PoliciesReturn PolicyPrivacy PolicyBlogContact Us 

Home

About us
ProductsDocument CamerasInteractive TouchscreensInteractive WhiteboardsProjectorsInteractive ProjectorsNon-Interactive ProjectorsInteractive Portable DevicesAbout Us
Categories
Interactive Touchscreens
Interactive Whiteboards
Interactive Portable Devices
Document Cameras
Video Conferencing Systems
Video Cameras
Tablets
Audience Response Systems
Copyboards
Black & White
Colored
Projectors
Interactive Projectors
Non-Interactive Projectors
Manufacturers
3M
Avermedia
BenQ
Boxlight
Clary Icon
Ebeam
Elmo
Epson
Gvision
Hitachi
Hyundai
InFocus
LG
Logitech
Lumens
Mimio
NEC
Numonics
Panaboard
Planar
Plusboards
Polyvision
Promethean
Qomo
Qwizdom
Recordex
Samsung
SMART kapp
Sharp
TeamBoard
VDO360
Vivitek
Wacom
Supplies
Installation Services
Policies
Return Policy
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Product was successfully added to your shopping cart.

Go to cart page				


Continue				 
Featured Products




SaleNewHitachi StarBoard FX-79E2 Interactive Whiteboard
Regular Price:

$1,499.00                
Special Price

$1,199.00                

 Add to Cart





SaleNewHitachi CP-TW3005 Interactive  Ultra-Short Throw Projector
Regular Price:

$2,849.00                
Special Price

$1,739.00                

 Add to Cart





SaleHitachi CP-TW2503 Interactive Ultra-Short Throw Projector
Regular Price:

$3,269.00                
Special Price

$2,495.00                

 Add to Cart





SaleHitachi CP-TW3003 Interactive Ultra-Short Throw Projector
Regular Price:

$3,529.00                
Special Price

$2,795.00                

 Add to Cart





SaleHitachi StarBoard DCHD-5M Document Camera
1Review(s)
Regular Price:

$669.00                
Special Price

$569.00                

 Add to Cart





SaleHitachi StarBoard Link EZ2-Pen Interactive System
1Review(s)
Regular Price:

$749.00                
Special Price

$299.00                

 Add to Cart





SaleNewHitachi StarBoard LINK EZ2 Interactive System
1Review(s)
Regular Price:

$899.00                
Special Price

$359.00                

 Add to Cart





SaleNewHitachi Starboard FX-89WE2 Interactive Whiteboard
Regular Price:

$1,995.00                
Special Price

$1,495.00                

 Add to Cart
  New


Hitachi Starboard FX-89WE2 Interactive Whiteboard
Regular Price:

$1,995.00                
Special Price

$1,495.00                


Hitachi StarBoard FX-79E2 Interactive Whiteboard
Regular Price:

$1,499.00                
Special Price

$1,199.00                


Hitachi CP-TW3005 Interactive  Ultra-Short Throw Projector
Regular Price:

$2,849.00                
Special Price

$1,739.00                


Hitachi StarBoard LINK EZ2 Interactive System
1Review(s)
Regular Price:

$899.00                
Special Price

$359.00                Hot


Hitachi StarBoard Link EZ2-Pen Interactive System
1Review(s)
Regular Price:

$749.00                
Special Price

$299.00                


Hitachi Dual Purpose Pen Starboard Link Pen

$19.00 


Hitachi USB wireless adapter
Regular Price:

$124.95                
Special Price

$119.00                


Hitachi Pen Holder

$19.00 WHY SHOP WITH US?
DEDICATED SERVICEWith a competent workforce, Clary ensures a wonderful interactive experience and invaluable services that extend beyond sales.
FAST DELIVERYThe Clary team ensures fast delivery and prioritizes the needs and desires of its valuable customers.
BEST PRICE GUARANTEEProviding customers with state of the art collaborative technological solutions at the lowest prices, we at Clary ensure good value.CategoriesInteractive WhiteboardsDocument camerasInteractive TouchscreensProjectorsInteractive portable devicesSupplies  TestimonialsWe were very pleased with the customer service prior to ordering as well as when we were ordering. They honored their quote 3 months after our first call and their price was about $500 less than other suppliers.MecaVery good service, competitive pricing. They kept me inform of the status of the purchase so I did not have to wonder when or how my goods were shipped.EzmeKClary has been more than accomodating from working with us to determine the proper solution to working with us to maintain our budget for the project. We definitely look forward to working with them again in the near future.Neovia Financis
  From the Blog

04
JulStarBoard Interactive Touchscreen DisplaysStarBoard Interactive Touchscreen Displays are well-known among consumers as being unique combinations of highly demandable specifications, intuitive software solutions, and versatility. Developed with user expectations in mind, these touchscreen displays form the ideal series of products for professionals who love to collaborate.
Read more >

27
MarInteractive Whiteboards: A Technological EvolutionInteractive whiteboards have been facilitating us in many ways since they entered the markets. They allow us to collaborate with several others, whom may not be in the same room as us; in real time; and assisted by a multitude of communicative tools. Some benefits of interactive whiteboards are highlighted below briefly.
Read more >  Site InfoAbout usContact usReturn PolicyPrivacy PolicyBlogHelpAdvanced searchContact Information Address:Clary Business Machines Co.
6224 Ferris Square, Suite C San Diego, CA 92121 Phone:(800) 992-5279 Email:sales@claryco.com Fax:(858) 552-0910CategoriesDocument camerasInteractive WhiteboardsProjectorsInteractive portable devicesSupplies
Be the First to KnowGet all the latest information on Events,Sales and Offers. Sign up for newsletter today.Enter your e-mail Address

Submit  

       ©Copyright 2015 Electronic Whiteboards Warehouse.
     

