








TREASURY - Treasury









































 Browsers that can not handle javascript will not be able to access some features of this site. 






 Some functions of this site are disabled for browsers blocking jQuery. 






Skip to main content



HomeContact UsFormsAbout TreasuryMI.gov


MI Dept of Treasury 







 





 



TREASURY 



 


Search Treasury Forms  
Advanced Search


 

         
 

         
 
Latest News
  Notice to Taxpayers Regarding the Conclusion of Multistate Tax Compact Election Litigation  Notice Regarding Materials and Supplies  Notice to Taxpayers re HMOs under Corporate Income Tax  Notice to Taxpayers Regarding Labelle Management Inc V Department Of Treasury  Notice Regarding Documentation Required for SRETT Refunds  New Individual Income Tax Developments for Tax Year 2016 
 
Popular Links
  All Taxpayer Notices  Tax Policy Newsletter  Collections  Revenue, Economic & Budget Data  Garnishments  Revenue Administrative Bulletins 
 
Popular Services
  Collections Payments e-Service  Check My Tax Information (Individual Income Tax)  EFT Vendor Payments  Michigan Treasury Online 
 





About TreasuryTreasurer Nick A. KhouriDeputy TreasurersPublic MeetingsTreasury Organization ChartCommunicationsTreasury Contact Information Sign up for Treasury Email Alerts Press ReleasesOther ResourcesInvestmentsMichigan LotteryMichigan Gaming Control BoardState of Michigan
State Web SitesFOIAOffice of Regulatory ReinventionOpen MichiganMichigan.gov HomeADAMichigan NewsPoliciesCopyright 2017 State of Michigan




 ﻿




























State Treasurer State of Michigan Sells 200 Shares of Prudential Financial, Inc. (PRU) - Week Herald














































 















 



  
 
  





















Daily Ratings and News for Prudential Financial Inc.
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Prudential Financial Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 






Follow @WeekHerald









Recent Posts

T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:TROW) Position Increased by Bridges Investment Counsel Inc.
Whittier Trust Co. Has $675,000 Position in Yum! Brands, Inc. (NYSE:YUM)
Fiserv, Inc. (FISV) Position Cut by Westwood Management Corp IL
Roanoke Asset Management Corp NY Purchases 1,735 Shares of Waste Management, Inc. (WM)
State Treasurer State of Michigan Lowers Position in Marathon Petroleum Corporation (MPC)
Consolidated Edison Inc (ED) Stake Raised by Sabal Trust CO
First Quadrant L P CA Acquires Shares of 30,799 Coach, Inc. (COH)
State Treasurer State of Michigan Takes Position in Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc. (NYSE:HLT)
Alibaba Group Holding Limited (BABA) is Reilly Financial Advisors LLC’s 9th Largest Position
Whittier Trust Co. of Nevada Inc. Acquires 75 Shares of Yum! Brands, Inc. (YUM)
Consolidated Edison Inc (NYSE:ED) Shares Sold by Doyle Wealth Management
C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc. (NASDAQ:CHRW) Shares Bought by Oregon Public Employees Retirement Fund
Suburban Propane Partners, L.P. (NYSE:SPH) Earns Daily News Sentiment Rating of 0.21
Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Affect EnPro Industries (NPO) Stock Price
USG Corporation (NYSE:USG) Stock Price Down 7.1% After Earnings Miss
Boeing Company (The) (BA) Sees Unusually-High Trading Volume on Earnings Beat
AVX Corporation (NYSE:AVX) Announces  Earnings Results
Varian Medical Systems, Inc. (VAR) Issues Q4 Earnings Guidance
Honeywell International Inc. (NYSE:HON) is America First Investment Advisors LLC’s 8th Largest Position
Webster Bank N. A. Has $7.64 Million Position in Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN)



 


State Treasurer State of Michigan Sells 200 Shares of Prudential Financial, Inc. (PRU)

					Posted by Samantha Guadardo on Jul 25th, 2017 // No Comments 


Tweet












State Treasurer State of Michigan lowered its stake in shares of  Prudential Financial, Inc. (NYSE:PRU) by 0.1% during the second quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 141,032 shares of the financial services provider’s stock after selling 200 shares during the period. State Treasurer State of Michigan’s holdings in Prudential Financial were worth $15,251,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. 
A number of other hedge funds have also added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Osborn Williams & Donohoe LLC increased its position in shares of  Prudential Financial by 0.5% in the first quarter. Osborn Williams & Donohoe LLC now owns 21,187 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $2,260,000 after buying an additional 99 shares during the period.  Trust Co purchased a new position in shares of  Prudential Financial during the fourth quarter valued at about $209,000.  CENTRAL TRUST Co increased its position in shares of  Prudential Financial by 4.1% in the first quarter. CENTRAL TRUST Co now owns 5,399 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $576,000 after buying an additional 211 shares during the period.  Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc. increased its position in shares of  Prudential Financial by 3.0% in the first quarter. Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc. now owns 371,282 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $39,608,000 after buying an additional 10,770 shares during the period.  Finally, Beacon Financial Group increased its position in shares of  Prudential Financial by 10.1% in the first quarter. Beacon Financial Group now owns 10,379 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $1,113,000 after buying an additional 950 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own  63.35% of the company’s stock. 


 Get Prudential Financial Inc. alerts:



Shares of Prudential Financial, Inc. (NYSE PRU) opened at 113.83 on Tuesday. The firm has a market cap of $48.83 billion, a P/E ratio of 11.55 and a beta of 1.49. Prudential Financial, Inc. has a 12-month low of $72.25 and a 12-month high of $114.55. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $108.36 and its 200 day moving average price is $107.52. 




Prudential Financial (NYSE:PRU) last issued its earnings results on Wednesday, May 3rd. The financial services provider reported $2.79 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $2.64 by $0.15. Prudential Financial had a return on equity of 8.52% and a net margin of 7.78%. The firm had revenue of $13.24 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $12.75 billion. During the same quarter last year, the business earned $2.18 earnings per share.  On average, equities analysts expect that  Prudential Financial, Inc. will post $10.67 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This news story was  published by Week Herald and is the property of of Week Herald. If you are reading this news story on another domain, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of US & international copyright and trademark legislation. The legal version of this news story can be accessed at https://weekherald.com/2017/07/25/state-treasurer-state-of-michigan-sells-200-shares-of-prudential-financial-inc-pru.html. 
Several equities analysts have recently issued reports on the stock. Deutsche Bank AG boosted their price target on shares of Prudential Financial from $114.00 to $117.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Wednesday, April 19th. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Prudential Financial from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, June 14th. BidaskClub raised shares of Prudential Financial from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a report on Wednesday, July 12th. J P Morgan Chase & Co boosted their price target on shares of Prudential Financial from $108.00 to $113.00 and gave the company an “overweight” rating in a report on Monday, April 3rd. Finally, Wells Fargo & Company  reissued a “hold” rating on shares of Prudential Financial in a report on Tuesday, June 6th. Ten analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, seven have issued  a buy rating and one  has given a strong buy rating to the company. Prudential Financial currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $111.21.
In other Prudential Financial news, insider Charles F. Lowrey sold 222,857 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, May 8th. The stock was sold at an average price of $108.04, for a total transaction of $24,077,470.28. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 151,418 shares in the company, valued at $16,359,200.72. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available through this link. Also, Chairman John R. Strangfeld, Jr. sold 201,585 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, July 3rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $110.00, for a total value of $22,174,350.00. Following the transaction, the chairman now owns 456,121 shares in the company, valued at approximately $50,173,310. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 0.66% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. 
About Prudential Financial
Prudential Financial, Inc, is a financial services company. The Company, through its subsidiaries, offers a range of financial products and services, which includes life insurance, annuities, retirement-related services, mutual funds and investment management. The Company’s operations consists of four divisions, which together encompass seven segments.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PRU? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Prudential Financial, Inc. (NYSE:PRU).







Receive News & Ratings for Prudential Financial Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Prudential Financial Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 



 























Latest News




First Quadrant L P CA Acquires Shares of 30,799 Coach, Inc. 





Consolidated Edison Inc  Stake Raised by Sabal Trust CO





State Treasurer State of Michigan Lowers Position in Marathon Petroleum Corporation 





Roanoke Asset Management Corp NY Purchases 1,735 Shares of Waste Management, Inc. 





Fiserv, Inc.  Position Cut by Westwood Management Corp IL





Whittier Trust Co. Has $675,000 Position in Yum! Brands, Inc. 






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website








 


 

 
































﻿






























Packaging Corporation of America (PKG) Stake Increased by State Treasurer State of Michigan - Stock Observer













































 















 



  
 
  





















Daily Ratings & News for Packaging Corporation of America
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Packaging Corporation of America with our free daily email newsletter:



 





Follow @StormInvestor







Recent Posts

Union Bankshares Corporation (NASDAQ:UBSH) Sees Significant Growth in Short Interest
Traders Purchase Large Volume of Put Options on Weibo Corporation (WB)
Northcoast Research Analysts Boost Earnings Estimates for Owens Corning Inc (OC)
Short Interest in Galapagos NV (GLPG) Rises By 39.5%
Short Interest in Reed's, Inc. (NYSE:REED) Declines By 7.0%
Golden Ocean Group Limited (NASDAQ:GOGL) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research
CSX Corporation Announces Quarterly Dividend of $0.20 (CSX)
Pioneer Diversified High Income Trust Pioneer Diversified High Income Trust of Beneficial Interest (HNW) to Issue Monthly Dividend of $0.12
Vetr Inc. Lowers Bank of America Corporation (NYSE:BAC) to Hold
Assenagon Asset Management S.A. Has $2.23 Million Position in PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. (The) (PNC)
Nisa Investment Advisors LLC Raises Stake in KLA-Tencor Corporation (KLAC)
Bartlett & Co. LLC Has $880,000 Position in UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (UNH)
US Bancorp DE Reduces Position in Kellogg Company (NYSE:K)
State Treasurer State of Michigan Purchases 900 Shares of ResMed Inc. (NYSE:RMD)
Omnicom Group Inc. (NYSE:OMC) Position Held by Louisiana State Employees Retirement System
BTIM Corp. Takes Position in Toronto Dominion Bank (The) (NYSE:TD)
Cribstone Capital Management LLC Sells 59 Shares of Stryker Corporation (SYK)
The Priceline Group Inc. (PCLN) Shares Sold by First National Bank of Omaha
Becton, Dickinson and Company (NYSE:BDX) Stake Increased by Wendell David Associates Inc.
Packaging Corporation of America (PKG) Stake Increased by State Treasurer State of Michigan



 


Packaging Corporation of America (PKG) Stake Increased by State Treasurer State of Michigan

					Posted by Brian Himes on Jul 25th, 2017 // No Comments 



State Treasurer State of Michigan raised its stake in  Packaging Corporation of America (NYSE:PKG) by 1.3% during the second quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The firm owned 38,800 shares of the industrial products company’s stock after buying an additional 500 shares during the period. State Treasurer State of Michigan’s holdings in Packaging Corporation of America were worth $4,322,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. 
A number of other institutional investors have also bought and sold shares of the company. Renaissance Technologies LLC acquired a new position in  Packaging Corporation of America during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $7,295,000.  GSA Capital Partners LLP raised its stake in shares of  Packaging Corporation of America by 4.1% in the fourth quarter. GSA Capital Partners LLP now owns 2,797 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $237,000 after buying an additional 110 shares during the period.  Franklin Resources Inc. purchased a new stake in shares of  Packaging Corporation of America during the fourth quarter valued at about $203,000.  Quadrature Capital Ltd purchased a new stake in shares of  Packaging Corporation of America during the fourth quarter valued at about $248,000.  Finally, USA Financial Portformulas Corp raised its stake in shares of  Packaging Corporation of America by 127.2% in the fourth quarter. USA Financial Portformulas Corp now owns 12,247 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $1,039,000 after buying an additional 6,857 shares during the period. Institutional investors and hedge funds own  88.18% of the company’s stock. 


 Get Packaging Corporation of America alerts:



Shares of Packaging Corporation of America (PKG) opened at 109.66 on Tuesday. The company has a market cap of $10.25 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 22.38 and a beta of 1.88. Packaging Corporation of America has a 1-year low of $73.34 and a 1-year high of $114.31. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $109.16 and a 200-day moving average price of $98.14. 




Packaging Corporation of America (NYSE:PKG) last released its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, April 26th. The industrial products company reported $1.27 EPS for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.24 by $0.03. The company had revenue of $1.54 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $1.48 billion. Packaging Corporation of America had a return on equity of 27.29% and a net margin of 7.81%. The firm’s revenue was up 9.7% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter last year, the business posted $1.11 earnings per share.  Equities research analysts forecast that  Packaging Corporation of America will post $5.95 earnings per share for the current year. 
The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, July 14th. Investors of record on Thursday, June 15th were given a $0.63 dividend. The ex-dividend date  was Tuesday, June 13th. This represents a $2.52 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.31%. Packaging Corporation of America’s dividend payout ratio  is currently 51.43%. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Packaging Corporation of America (PKG) Stake Increased by State Treasurer State of Michigan” was first  published by Stock Observer and is the sole property of of Stock Observer. If you are viewing this report on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright law. The legal version of this report can be accessed at https://www.thestockobserver.com/2017/07/25/packaging-corporation-of-america-pkg-stake-increased-by-state-treasurer-state-of-michigan.html. 
Several equities research analysts have issued reports on the company. Jefferies Group LLC  reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $128.00 price target (up previously from $114.00) on shares of Packaging Corporation of America in a research note on Friday, July 14th. Zacks Investment Research raised Packaging Corporation of America from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, July 11th. BidaskClub lowered Packaging Corporation of America from a “strong-buy” rating to a “buy” rating in a research note on Wednesday, July 19th. KeyCorp assumed coverage on Packaging Corporation of America in a research note on Thursday, July 6th. They set a “sector weight” rating for the company. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) raised Packaging Corporation of America from a “sell” rating to a “neutral” rating and lifted their price target for the stock from $105.00 to $111.00 in a research note on Thursday, July 13th. Seven equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and seven have issued  a buy rating to the company. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $102.73.
About Packaging Corporation of America
Packaging Corporation of America (PCA) is a producer of containerboard products and uncoated freesheet. The Company operates through three segments: Packaging, Paper, and Corporate and Other. The Packaging segment produces a range of corrugated packaging products. The Paper segment manufactures and sells a range of papers, including communication-based papers and pressure sensitive papers.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PKG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Packaging Corporation of America (NYSE:PKG).







Receive News & Ratings for Packaging Corporation of America Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Packaging Corporation of America and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 



 























Latest News




Northcoast Research Analysts Boost Earnings Estimates for Owens Corning Inc 





Traders Purchase Large Volume of Put Options on Weibo Corporation 





Union Bankshares Corporation  Sees Significant Growth in Short Interest





Short Interest in Galapagos NV  Rises By 39.5%





Golden Ocean Group Limited  Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research





Short Interest in Reed's, Inc.  Declines By 7.0%






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website








 


 

 












































State Treasurer State of Michigan Boosts Stake in Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. (NYSE:APD) | Daily Political











































































Home
About/Contact
Columnists
Privacy Policy
























Headlines
Politics
Nation
World
Issues
Economy
Finance




















Air Products and Chemicals Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily

		Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Air Products and Chemicals Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter:



 






Follow DailyPolitical

 
 










Latest News



First Quadrant L P CA Reduces Stake in West Corporation (NASDAQ:WSTC)					

Assenagon Asset Management S.A. Has $617,000 Stake in Danaher Corporation (DHR)					

PowerShares QQQ Trust, Series 1 (NASDAQ:QQQ) Shares Sold by Rehmann Capital Advisory Group					

Eli Lilly and Company (LLY) Stake Boosted by Maple Capital Management Inc.					

Focused Investors LLC Sells 105,600 Shares of Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) (NYSE:GS)					

State Treasurer State of Michigan Boosts Stake in Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. (NYSE:APD)					

Malaga Cove Capital LLC Has $2.33 Million Stake in Time Warner Inc. (NYSE:TWX)					

Gradient Investments LLC Has $151,000 Stake in American Electric Power Company, Inc. (AEP)					

Reilly Financial Advisors LLC Continues to Hold Stake in The Charles Schwab Corporation (SCHW)					

Viking Fund Management LLC Has $10.53 Million Stake in Valero Energy Corporation (NYSE:VLO)					

Sit Investment Associates Inc. Has $30.49 Million Stake in Allergan PLC. (NYSE:AGN)					

TJX Companies, Inc. (The) (TJX) Position Lowered by BTIM Corp.					

Douglas Lane & Associates LLC Has $38.77 Million Stake in PayPal Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ:PYPL)					

Armstrong Shaw Associates Inc. CT Has $370,000 Position in PayPal Holdings, Inc. (PYPL)					

PayPal Holdings, Inc. (PYPL) Position Lowered by State Treasurer State of Michigan					

Huntington Ingalls Industries, Inc. (HII) Shares Bought by State Treasurer State of Michigan					

State Treasurer State of Michigan Sells 100 Shares of Wyndham Worldwide Corp (NYSE:WYN)					

Campbell Soup Company (NYSE:CPB) Stake Decreased by State Treasurer State of Michigan					

State Treasurer State of Michigan Acquires 100 Shares of Raymond James Financial, Inc. (RJF)					

First Quadrant L P CA Lowers Stake in ABIOMED, Inc. (NASDAQ:ABMD)					





 





						State Treasurer State of Michigan Boosts Stake in Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. (NYSE:APD)					

						 July 28th, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Jeff Wilder 


							Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles 







Tweet










State Treasurer State of Michigan raised its stake in  Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. (NYSE:APD) by 0.1% during the second quarter, according to its most recent filing with the SEC. The fund owned 71,602 shares of the basic materials company’s stock after buying an additional 100 shares during the period. State Treasurer State of Michigan’s holdings in Air Products and Chemicals were worth $10,243,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. 
Other large investors have also made changes to their positions in the company. Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc. raised its position in  Air Products and Chemicals by 2.5% in the first quarter. Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc. now owns 189,574 shares of the basic materials company’s stock valued at $25,647,000 after buying an additional 4,711 shares during the last quarter.  Moreno Evelyn V raised its position in  Air Products and Chemicals by 17.6% in the first quarter. Moreno Evelyn V now owns 36,948 shares of the basic materials company’s stock valued at $4,998,000 after buying an additional 5,520 shares during the last quarter.  Rosenbaum Jay D. raised its position in  Air Products and Chemicals by 2.4% in the first quarter. Rosenbaum Jay D. now owns 2,110 shares of the basic materials company’s stock valued at $285,000 after buying an additional 50 shares during the last quarter.  Integrated Investment Consultants LLC raised its position in  Air Products and Chemicals by 17.8% in the first quarter. Integrated Investment Consultants LLC now owns 2,145 shares of the basic materials company’s stock valued at $290,000 after buying an additional 324 shares during the last quarter.  Finally, Park National Corp OH raised its position in  Air Products and Chemicals by 0.5% in the first quarter. Park National Corp OH now owns 87,725 shares of the basic materials company’s stock valued at $11,868,000 after buying an additional 409 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors own  89.27% of the company’s stock. 
Shares of Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. (APD) opened at 143.65 on Friday. Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. has a 52 week low of $129.00 and a 52 week high of $150.45. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $144.50 and its 200-day moving average is $141.86. The stock has a market capitalization of $31.28 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 9.93 and a beta of 1.26. 




Air Products and Chemicals (NYSE:APD) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, April 27th. The basic materials company reported $1.43 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.38 by $0.05. The firm had revenue of $1.98 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $1.84 billion. Air Products and Chemicals had a return on equity of 19.26% and a net margin of 36.19%. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 11.4% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period last year, the company earned $1.82 EPS.  On average, analysts anticipate that  Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. will post $6.16 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. 
The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, November 13th. Investors of record on Tuesday, October 10th will be given a dividend of $0.95 per share. This represents a $3.80 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 2.65%. The ex-dividend date is Friday, October 6th. Air Products and Chemicals’s payout ratio is 26.28%. 
WARNING: “State Treasurer State of Michigan Boosts Stake in Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. (NYSE:APD)” was first  reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. and international trademark & copyright laws. The original version of this news story can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/07/28/state-treasurer-state-of-michigan-boosts-stake-in-air-products-and-chemicals-inc-nyseapd.html. 
Several research firms have commented on APD. Jefferies Group LLC  reaffirmed a “hold” rating and set a $155.00 price objective on shares of Air Products and Chemicals in a research note on Friday, July 14th. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Air Products and Chemicals from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Monday, May 1st. BidaskClub lowered shares of Air Products and Chemicals from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research note on Friday, June 23rd. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG raised shares of Air Products and Chemicals from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and lifted their price objective for the stock from $148.00 to $160.00 in a research note on Monday, May 1st. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, five have assigned  a hold rating and seven have assigned  a buy rating to the stock. The company currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $152.85.
About Air Products and Chemicals
Air Products and Chemicals, Inc, is an industrial gases company. The Company’s Industrial Gases business provides atmospheric and process gases and related equipment to manufacturing markets, including refining and petrochemical, metals, electronics, and food and beverage. The Company is also a supplier of liquefied natural gas process technology and equipment.






Receive News & Ratings for Air Products and Chemicals Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Air Products and Chemicals Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 
















 Comment on this Post

Click here to cancel reply.



Name (required)

Mail (will not be published) (required)

Website






Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be placed in moderation!




Latest News




Jeff Sessions Spoke of Resigning After Tensions Increase with Trump





President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week





World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump





Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected





Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea














			© DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. 


Privacy Policy |
			About | Columnists 
			| Contact 
































































TREASURY - Reports & Legal Resources







































 Browsers that can not handle javascript will not be able to access some features of this site. 






 Some functions of this site are disabled for browsers blocking jQuery. 






Skip to main content



HomeContact UsFormsAbout TreasuryMI.gov


MI Dept of Treasury 







 





 



You are hereTREASURY Reports & Legal Resources 


Reports and Legal Resources
 
 

  Reports Reports on the various taxes that the Department of Treasury administers as well as Treasury's annual reports and other revenue and budget reports.
 
 Internal Policy Directives Internal Policy Directives are prepared to provide guidance to department staff to insure uniformity in tax administration.
 
 Revenue Administrative Bulletins A Revenue Administrative Bulletin (RAB) is a directive issued by the Bureau of Tax Policy. Its purpose is to promote uniform application of tax laws throughout the State by the Bureau of Tax Policy personnel and provide information and guidance to taxpayers.
 
 Legal The various Divisions of the Department of Treasury are guided by State statutes, Administrative Rules, court cases, Revenue Administrative Bulletins, State Tax Commission Bulletins, Internal Policy Directives, and Letter Rulings.
 
 Letter Rulings A Letter Ruling is formal correspondence that expresses the position of the Department on one or more specific tax matters.  A Letter Ruling sets forth the Department’s position on a particular tax issue related to a specific future transaction. It provides the requesting taxpayer with assurance regarding the tax consequences of a that transaction. As provided in MCL 205.6a(1), other taxpayers may rely on a Letter Ruling issued after September 30, 2006.  Such reliance, however, is limited to the specific facts and issues addressed in the Letter Ruling, and is subject to subsequent changes in law or written revocation.  Letter Rulings are edited to remove any identifying taxpayer information.
 Technical Advice Letters A Technical Advice Letter is informal correspondence issued in response to a request from a taxpayer for technical assistance with respect to one or more specific  tax matters. Technical Advice Letters can be, but are not necessarily, prospective in nature. Only the taxpayer identified in a Technical Advice Letter may rely upon the letter.  Because of the volume of Technical Advice Letters issued each year and their more informal nature, only Technical Advice Letters issued by the Tax Policy Division of the Bureau of Tax Policy will be published on the Department’s website. Published Technical Advice Letters are edited to remove any identifying taxpayer information.
 Taxpayer Notices Latest Treasury notices to taxpayers.
 
 Taxpayers Rights Handbook Also see Taxpayer's Rights During an Audit brochure and Working Together Taxpayer's Rights & Responsibilities.
 
 Tax Policy Newsletters New and archived newsletters from the Bureau of Tax Policy.

 





About TreasuryTreasurer Nick A. KhouriDeputy TreasurersPublic MeetingsTreasury Organization ChartCommunicationsTreasury Contact Information Sign up for Treasury Email Alerts Press ReleasesOther ResourcesInvestmentsMichigan LotteryMichigan Gaming Control BoardState of Michigan
FOIAOpen MichiganOffice of Regulatory ReinventionState Web SitesMichigan.gov HomeADAMichigan NewsPoliciesCopyright 2017 State of Michigan




 







TREASURY - Local Government







































 Browsers that can not handle javascript will not be able to access some features of this site. 






 Some functions of this site are disabled for browsers blocking jQuery. 






Skip to main content



HomeContact UsFormsAbout TreasuryMI.gov


MI Dept of Treasury 







 





 



You are hereTREASURY Local Government 


Local Government
 
 

  Forms and Instructions  Contact Us  Frequently Asked Questions 
 
News and Notices
  New - Uniform Chart of Accounts  PA 152: Publicly Funded Health Insurance Contribution Act – FAQs  New - F65 Available Reports  Public Act 436 of 2012, the Local Financial Stability and Choice Act  Consumer Price Level (CPL/CPI) Memo  State Tax Foreclosed Parcel Listing  Local Government Task Force Final Report 
 
Property Tax Related Issues
  Property Tax Related Issues Exemption, Abatement, Deferment, or SET information can now be found in the Property Tax section of our Taxes site, including information on the following:
Online Reporting for State Assessed Property
Property Tax Forfeiture and Foreclosure

   Local Government Quick List
Select a topic 154 PetitionsContact InformationDNR PiltExemptions, Abatements & DefermentsForms / InstructionsLand BankLocal Audit ReportsMission StatementOmitted/Incorrectly Reported PropertyProperty Tax EstimatorRecord Retention Schedules for Local GovernmentRevenue SharingSETSenior Citizen and Disabled Housing PILTState Tax CommissionTax Collection and Tax Foreclosure





About TreasuryTreasurer Nick A. KhouriDeputy TreasurersPublic MeetingsTreasury Organization ChartCommunicationsTreasury Contact Information Sign up for Treasury Email Alerts Press ReleasesOther ResourcesInvestmentsMichigan LotteryMichigan Gaming Control BoardState of Michigan
FOIAOpen MichiganOffice of Regulatory ReinventionState Web SitesMichigan.gov HomeADAMichigan NewsPoliciesCopyright 2017 State of Michigan




 







TREASURY - Unclaimed Property







































 Browsers that can not handle javascript will not be able to access some features of this site. 






 Some functions of this site are disabled for browsers blocking jQuery. 






Skip to main content



HomeContact UsFormsAbout TreasuryMI.gov


MI Dept of Treasury 







 





 



You are hereTREASURY Unclaimed Property 


Unclaimed Property
 


Search for Your Money 



 Exact Match 
 
	

or try the Advanced Search


 

     
 





About TreasuryTreasurer Nick A. KhouriDeputy TreasurersPublic MeetingsTreasury Organization ChartCommunicationsTreasury Contact Information Sign up for Treasury Email Alerts Press ReleasesOther ResourcesInvestmentsMichigan LotteryMichigan Gaming Control BoardState of Michigan
FOIAOpen MichiganOffice of Regulatory ReinventionState Web SitesMichigan.gov HomeADAMichigan NewsPoliciesCopyright 2017 State of Michigan




 







TREASURY - About Treasury







































 Browsers that can not handle javascript will not be able to access some features of this site. 






 Some functions of this site are disabled for browsers blocking jQuery. 






Skip to main content



HomeContact UsFormsAbout TreasuryMI.gov


MI Dept of Treasury 







 





 



You are hereTREASURY 


About Treasury
  Treasurer Nick A. Khouri Nick A. Khouri was appointed as Michigan's 46th State Treasurer by Governor Rick Snyder in April of 2015.The Michigan Department of Treasury is responsible for collecting, disbursing, and investing all state monies. The Department advises the Governor on all tax and revenue policy, collects and administers over $20 billion a year in state taxes, and safeguards the credit of the state.  The Department is also responsible for the fiscal health of Michigan’s local governments and schools.  In addition, the Treasurer invests over $65 billion of the State and school employees retirement funds.

>  MORE
 
Deputy Treasurers
  Joseph Fielek - Chief Deputy Treasurer  Jon Braeutigam - Deputy Treasurer  Gregory Gursky - Deputy Treasurer  Glenn White - Deputy Treasurer  Eric Scorsone - Deputy Treasurer 
 
Inside Treasury
  Treasury Organization Chart  Press Releases  Public Meetings  Treasury Aspirations 2016  Tax Policy Newsletters  Investments  Michigan Gaming Control Board  Disclosure Unit  Michigan Lottery  Audit 
 





About TreasuryTreasurer Nick A. KhouriDeputy TreasurersPublic MeetingsTreasury Organization ChartCommunicationsTreasury Contact Information Sign up for Treasury Email Alerts Press ReleasesOther ResourcesInvestmentsMichigan LotteryMichigan Gaming Control BoardState of Michigan
FOIAOpen MichiganOffice of Regulatory ReinventionState Web SitesMichigan.gov HomeADAMichigan NewsPoliciesCopyright 2017 State of Michigan




 










State Treasurer State Of Michigan Buys Procter & Gamble Co, Walt Disney Co, ... - Nasdaq.com

















































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search










































State Treasurer State Of Michigan Buys Procter & Gamble Co, Walt Disney Co, ...


May 01, 2017, 10:38:04 AM EDT
By insider, GuruFocus









































Shutterstock photo


State Treasurer State Of MichiganNew Purchases: ADM , INCY , DISH , GGP, LLL, TTWO, COHR, CC, NTNX, UNIT,Added Positions:PG, DIS, SHW, CELG, ZTS, MON, ILMN, HD, ABT, GILD,Reduced Positions:BMY, STZ, CVS, TMO, V, CRM, SKX, FBHS, MYL, AAPL,Sold Out:AGG, STJ, SQ, TWTR , SE, BG, HZNP, LLTC, INSM, HIBB,For the details of STATE TREASURER STATE OF MICHIGAN's stock buys and sells, go to http://www.gurufocus.com/StockBuy.php?GuruName=STATE+TREASURER+STATE+OF+MICHIGANThese are the top 5 holdings of STATE TREASURER STATE OF MICHIGANApple Inc ( AAPL ) - 4,237,210 shares, 4.71% of the total portfolio. Shares reduced by 2.92%Berkshire Hathaway Inc (BRK.B) - 2,794,862 shares, 3.6% of the total portfolio. Shares reduced by 1.49%JPMorgan Chase & Co ( JPM ) - 4,670,500 shares, 3.17% of the total portfolio. Shares added by 0.07%Verizon Communications Inc ( VZ ) - 6,987,318 shares, 2.63% of the total portfolio. Shares reduced by 0.58%SPDR S&P 500 ( SPY ) - 1,359,450 shares, 2.48% of the total portfolio.New Purchase: Archer-Daniels Midland Co ( ADM )State Treasurer State Of Michigan initiated holdings in Archer-Daniels Midland Co. The purchase prices were between $43.44 and $46.97, with an estimated average price of $44.8. The stock is now traded at around $45.75. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.07%. The holdings were 187,600 shares as of 2017-03-31.New Purchase: Incyte Corp (INCY)State Treasurer State Of Michigan initiated holdings in Incyte Corp. The purchase prices were between $102.32 and $152.66, with an estimated average price of $127.32. The stock is now traded at around $124.28. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.06%. The holdings were 57,900 shares as of 2017-03-31.New Purchase: DISH Network Corp (DISH)State Treasurer State Of Michigan initiated holdings in DISH Network Corp. The purchase prices were between $58.02 and $64, with an estimated average price of $61.83. The stock is now traded at around $64.44. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.04%. The holdings were 74,500 shares as of 2017-03-31.New Purchase: GGP Inc (GGP)State Treasurer State Of Michigan initiated holdings in GGP Inc. The purchase prices were between $22.66 and $26, with an estimated average price of $24.46. The stock is now traded at around $21.61. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.03%. The holdings were 191,812 shares as of 2017-03-31.New Purchase: L3 Technologies Inc (LLL)State Treasurer State Of Michigan initiated holdings in L3 Technologies Inc. The purchase prices were between $145.71 and $170.81, with an estimated average price of $161.83. The stock is now traded at around $171.77. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.03%. The holdings were 25,596 shares as of 2017-03-31.New Purchase: Take-Two Interactive Software Inc (TTWO)State Treasurer State Of Michigan initiated holdings in Take-Two Interactive Software Inc. The purchase prices were between $49.22 and $59.97, with an estimated average price of $55.86. The stock is now traded at around $62.85. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.02%. The holdings were 41,200 shares as of 2017-03-31.Added: Procter & Gamble Co (PG)State Treasurer State Of Michigan added to the holdings in Procter & Gamble Co by 106.78%. The purchase prices were between $83.49 and $91.67, with an estimated average price of $88.67. The stock is now traded at around $87.33. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.78%. The holdings were 2,193,303 shares as of 2017-03-31.Added: Walt Disney Co (DIS)State Treasurer State Of Michigan added to the holdings in Walt Disney Co by 73.27%. The purchase prices were between $106.08 and $113.39, with an estimated average price of $110.1. The stock is now traded at around $115.60. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.5%. The holdings were 1,355,053 shares as of 2017-03-31.Added: Sherwin-Williams Co (SHW)State Treasurer State Of Michigan added to the holdings in Sherwin-Williams Co by 721.08%. The purchase prices were between $274.54 and $315.36, with an estimated average price of $302.15. The stock is now traded at around $334.68. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.46%. The holdings were 216,691 shares as of 2017-03-31.Added: Zoetis Inc (ZTS)State Treasurer State Of Michigan added to the holdings in Zoetis Inc by 90.76%. The purchase prices were between $52.51 and $55.98, with an estimated average price of $54.04. The stock is now traded at around $56.11. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.27%. The holdings were 1,391,592 shares as of 2017-03-31.Added: Celgene Corp (CELG)State Treasurer State Of Michigan added to the holdings in Celgene Corp by 111.22%. The purchase prices were between $111.53 and $126.88, with an estimated average price of $119.67. The stock is now traded at around $124.05. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.27%. The holdings were 535,552 shares as of 2017-03-31.Added: Monsanto Co (MON)State Treasurer State Of Michigan added to the holdings in Monsanto Co by 165.99%. The purchase prices were between $105.05 and $115.51, with an estimated average price of $110.68. The stock is now traded at around $116.61. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.21%. The holdings were 381,063 shares as of 2017-03-31.Sold Out: iShares Core U.S. Aggregate Bond (AGG)State Treasurer State Of Michigan sold out the holdings in iShares Core U.S. Aggregate Bond. The sale prices were between $107.12 and $109, with an estimated average price of $108.19.Sold Out: St Jude Medical Inc (STJ)State Treasurer State Of Michigan sold out the holdings in St Jude Medical Inc. The sale prices were between $80.69 and $80.82, with an estimated average price of $80.76.Sold Out: Square Inc (SQ)State Treasurer State Of Michigan sold out the holdings in Square Inc. The sale prices were between $13.81 and $17.93, with an estimated average price of $15.64.Sold Out: Twitter Inc (TWTR)State Treasurer State Of Michigan sold out the holdings in Twitter Inc. The sale prices were between $14.54 and $18.72, with an estimated average price of $16.23.Sold Out: Bunge Ltd (BG)State Treasurer State Of Michigan sold out the holdings in Bunge Ltd. The sale prices were between $67.81 and $82.07, with an estimated average price of $74.93.Sold Out: Spectra Energy Corp (SE)State Treasurer State Of Michigan sold out the holdings in Spectra Energy Corp. The sale prices were between $40.68 and $43.45, with an estimated average price of $41.93.Warning! GuruFocus has detected 6 Warning Sign with PG. Click here to check it out.PG 15-Year Financial DataThe intrinsic value of PGPeter Lynch Chart of PGPremium MembersThis article first appeared on GuruFocus .



The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.











This article appears in:
Investing                           
                            
                                , Stocks





Referenced Symbols:

                                        AAPL
                                    
, 

                                        JPM
                                    
, 

                                        VZ
                                    
, 

                                        SPY
                                    
, 

                                        ADM
                                    












More from GuruFocus



Subscribe




A Strategy Ben Graham Used for 30 Years
Are CEOs Buying?
Market Overvalued, How to Invest?














Related Stocks Articles




Subscribe







Booming Commercial Jet Deliveries Boost Embraer


						7/28/2017 11:52 AM
					



WisdomTree Falls Short Despite Attracting More Assets


						7/28/2017 11:52 AM
					



Deckers' Gloomy Outlook Overshadows Solid Results


						7/28/2017 11:43 AM
					














Contributor:GuruFocus
Stock Picks, Portfolios



Follow on:

























Most Popular




Highest Rated








Mitel To Acquire ShoreTel - Quick Facts
Sientra Completes Acquisition of Miramar Labs®
Seagate Technology PLC Q4 Profit Rises 174%
LedgerX gets U.S. approval for derivatives on digital currencies
U.S. Fines Frontier, American And Delta For Violating Consumer







Shareholders Approve Major Structural Change to Top Performing...
Yatra Attains Leadership Position in Corporate Travel With the...
Mitel To Acquire ShoreTel - Quick Facts
Miller Heiman Group Selects CallidusCloud Datahug for Pipeline...
Tractor Supply Company Reports Second Quarter Results




View All Highest Rated






















Research Brokers before you trade



		Compare Online Brokers
	


Want to trade FX?



		Visit our Forex Broker Center 
	
















Find a Credit Card



                    Select a credit card product by:
                


 Card Type
 Credit Score
 Card Issuer



                    Select an offer:
                





0% APR Credit CardsAirline Credit CardsBalance Transfer Credit CardsBusiness Credit CardsCash Back Credit CardsCharge CardsCharge Cards for BusinessEMV Smart ChipsGas Cards & Auto RewardsHome Improvement Rewards Credit CardsInstant Approval Credit CardsLow Interest Credit CardsNo Annual Fee Credit CardsNo Foreign Transaction Fee Credit CardsPoints Rewards Credit CardsPrepaid & Debit CardsReward Credit CardsStudent Credit CardsTop 10 Best Credit Card Deals and Offers




Bad CreditCredit Quality AverageCredit Quality ExcellentCredit Quality FairCredit Quality GoodLimited or No Credit HistoryPersonal Loans




American ExpressAmerican Express Airline CardsAmerican Express Business CardsAmerican Express Cash Back Credit CardsAmerican Express Charge CardsBarclaycardCapital OneCapital One Cash BackCapital One Fair CreditCapital One MilesCapital One PointsCapital One Prepaid Credit CardsChaseCiti Credit CardsDiscoverDiscover CashbackDiscover MilesDiscover Student Credit CardsMasterCard Credit CardsU.S. BankUSAAUSAA SavingsVisa Credit Cards







Search





Data Provided by BankRate.com






Stocks

Referenced





AAPL








86%



Rate It





JPM








70%



Rate It





VZ








74%



Rate It





SPY








59%



Rate It





ADM








75%



Rate It































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX

















































TREASURY - Treasury









































 Browsers that can not handle javascript will not be able to access some features of this site. 






 Some functions of this site are disabled for browsers blocking jQuery. 






Skip to main content



HomeContact UsFormsAbout TreasuryMI.gov


MI Dept of Treasury 







 





 



TREASURY 



 


Search Treasury Forms  
Advanced Search


 

         
 

         
 
Latest News
  Notice to Taxpayers Regarding the Conclusion of Multistate Tax Compact Election Litigation  Notice Regarding Materials and Supplies  Notice to Taxpayers re HMOs under Corporate Income Tax  Notice to Taxpayers Regarding Labelle Management Inc V Department Of Treasury  Notice Regarding Documentation Required for SRETT Refunds  New Individual Income Tax Developments for Tax Year 2016 
 
Popular Links
  All Taxpayer Notices  Tax Policy Newsletter  Collections  Revenue, Economic & Budget Data  Garnishments  Revenue Administrative Bulletins 
 
Popular Services
  Collections Payments e-Service  Check My Tax Information (Individual Income Tax)  EFT Vendor Payments  Michigan Treasury Online 
 





About TreasuryTreasurer Nick A. KhouriDeputy TreasurersPublic MeetingsTreasury Organization ChartCommunicationsTreasury Contact Information Sign up for Treasury Email Alerts Press ReleasesOther ResourcesInvestmentsMichigan LotteryMichigan Gaming Control BoardState of Michigan
State Web SitesFOIAOffice of Regulatory ReinventionOpen MichiganMichigan.gov HomeADAMichigan NewsPoliciesCopyright 2017 State of Michigan




 







TREASURY - Collection Process For Delinquent Taxes







































 Browsers that can not handle javascript will not be able to access some features of this site. 






 Some functions of this site are disabled for browsers blocking jQuery. 






Skip to main content



HomeContact UsFormsAbout TreasuryMI.gov


MI Dept of Treasury 







 





 



You are hereTREASURY 


Collection Process For Delinquent Taxes
Taxpayers are required to meet certain obligations under Michigan law. You are responsible for filing your tax returns on time with correct payments and ensuring that your returns are correct no matter who prepares them. Remember, you are responsible for the information in your return.
The following information will provide an overview of the Collection Process for Delinquent Taxes.
How To Resolve Tax Debts Prior To Collection
It is important to resolve any outstanding tax you owe as soon as possible. Penalty and interest will be added to your debt and will continue to grow until the amount is paid in full. Penalty charges can range from 25% to 500% of the tax due, depending on the type of the tax!
If you do not pay your taxes, you may receive a LETTER OF INQUIRY, NOTICE OF INTENT TO ASSESS, and/or a BILL FOR TAXES DUE (Final Assessment). This is your opportunity to resolve the debt prior to having the debt referred to collections, by either paying the amount due, appealing the assessment, or entering into an Installment Agreement. Do not wait for the Office of Collections to contact you! You must immediately take action to resolve your debt to avoid collection enforcement action.
Actions We May Take
Under the authority of Public Act 122 of 1941 , as amended, the Office of Collections is responsible for the collection of all delinquent state tax accounts for the State of Michigan. The Department may proceed to collect your delinquent tax debt by using several different enforcement methods. The Office of Collections can use an enforcement action for a minimum of 6 years to collect the debt. The 6 year period, known as the statute of limitations, may be extended by certain actions such as a court judgment.
By law, the Department may use a variety of actions to collect your past-due tax, penalty and interest and may take these actions at any time during the course of collection.

Liens
	The Office of Collections will file liens on Real and Personal property to protect the State's interest as a creditor. Liens will be filed even when a taxpayer has made payment arrangements and is current with all payments.
Caution! Once a lien is filed, the taxpayer's credit rating could be harmed and, in most cases, property cannot be sold or transferred until the past-due tax is paid. A lien filed at a county Register of Deeds becomes a public record. Credit reporting agencies may obtain and publish the lien information. A lien filed against an individual or business that is picked up by a credit reporting agency will remain part of that credit history for the next seven to ten years.
Tax Warrants (Seizure of Business and Personal Property)
	The Department has the authority to issue a Tax Warrant to close your business and/or to seize and sell your personal property (such as business vehicles, business assets, equipment and inventory). The money from the sale of the business assets will be applied to your tax debt. Notification is provided to you of the amount owed at least 10 days before the property is seized. Most seized property cannot be sold by the Department for at least 10 days (perishable items may be sold within 24 hours). Seizure related expenses (such as state personnel costs, locksmith service, towing company assistance, storage facility, advertising and mailing costs) will be charged to you.
Wage Levies
	The Department may levy against your wages, salaries, bonuses, commissions, and other compensation from your employer. A wage levy requires your employer to deduct a specified amount from your wages to pay the past-due debt. Notification is provided to you of the amount owed at least 10 days before a wage levy is sent to your employer. The employer must continue to deduct the specified amount from your net wages until the amount of the levy is paid. An additional fee (warrant costs) in the amount of $55 is added to the delinquent amount due for each levy served.
Financial Institution Levies
	The Department may serve a levy against your financial institution (banks, credit unions, brokerage firms, etc.) which requires your financial institution to send any funds being held to the Department up to the total past due tax, penalty and interest amount. You will be notified of the amount you owe at least 10 days before a levy is sent to your financial institution. An additional fee (warrant costs) in the amount of $55 is added to the delinquent amount due for each levy served.
Other types of Levies
	The Department may levy against assets held by a third party. Examples of this type of levy would be a license held in escrow, rental income or insurance proceeds. You will be notified of the amount you owe at least 10 days before a levy is sent. An additional fee (warrant costs) in the amount of $55 is added to the delinquent amount due for each levy served.
Offset refunds or other monies owed to you
	Your (or your spouse's) income tax refund or credits may be offset and applied to your tax debt. In addition, we may offset any other money that you receive from the State of Michigan (such as lottery winnings and payments to vendors for services performed) and apply the amount to your tax debt.
Hold you personally responsible for business taxes
	The Revenue Act provides the Department with the authority to hold officers, members, managers, and/or partners of a corporation, limited liability company, limited liability partnership, limited partnership, or a partnership personally liable for the unpaid taxes and any related penalties and interest. This process is referred to as Corporate Officer Liability.
Liquor License revocation or renewal
	If the business holds a liquor license and is past due in filing or paying business taxes, the Department of Treasury can request that the Michigan Liquor Control Commission revoke or not renew your liquor license. Taxpayers are prohibited by law from selling any products containing alcohol without a valid liquor license. Wholesalers, manufacturers, or brewers cannot legally sell or deliver products to liquor retailers who do not have a valid liquor license.
Refer your account to a collection agency
	The Michigan Department of Treasury contracts with a private collection agency, the Michigan Accounts Receivable Collection System (MARCS), to help us collect the delinquent tax, penalty and interest owed to the State of Michigan.
Other Collection methods, as necessary
	Your account may be referred to the Michigan Department of Attorney General for additional legal actions.

How to Pay

Make checks payable to "STATE of MICHIGAN - Office of Collections"
Write your assessment number and account number on the check. Your account number is your Social Security or tax identification number.
Include the payment coupon from the bottom of your billing notice.
Please allow at least 10 - 14 days for mailing and processing of your payment.
Please mail your payment to the following address:
	
Michigan Department of Treasury - Office of Collections
	P.O. Box 30199
	Lansing, MI 48909



Credit card or Debit card payments are not accepted at this time.
Our e-Services site will allow you to make an Automated Clearing House (ACH) payment from your checking or savings account.
Click here for Collections E-Service
To pay by electronic withdrawal (ACH) from your checking or savings account (EFT), please have your bank account number and the 9 digit routing number for your financial institution available when you call the Office of Collections. If you have any questions about these numbers, please contact your bank or financial institution.
What If I Can't Pay All Of The Debt At This Time?
After you receive your BILL FOR TAXES DUE (FINAL ASSESSMENT) the Department of Treasury may consider an Installment Agreement if your situation meets certain criteria.
For Installment Agreements lasting for 24 months or less, you must complete, sign and return the INSTALLMENT AGREEMENT (Form 990). The agreement requires a proposed payment amount that will be reviewed for approval by Treasury. All highlighted areas of the form are required and must be filled in completely before your request for an Installment Agreement will be considered for approval. Failure to complete the required areas will result in a delay of processing and continued collection efforts will continue.
If you are interested in an Installment Agreement for a period longer than 24 months, please call the Office of Collections for more information.
The Office of Collections will file liens on Real and Personal property to protect the State's interest as a creditor. Liens will be filed even when a taxpayer has made payment arrangements and is current with all payments.
Caution! Once a lien is filed, the taxpayer's credit rating could be harmed and, in most cases, property cannot be sold or transferred until the past-due tax is paid. A lien filed at a county Register of Deeds becomes a public record. Credit reporting agencies may obtain and publish the lien information. A lien filed against an individual or business that is picked up by a credit reporting agency will remain part of that credit history for the next seven to ten years.
If you have been contacted by the Michigan Accounts Receivable Collection System (MARCS), please contact them directly for more information about Installment Agreements.
Treasury is providing an “Offer-In-Compromise” program that began January 1, 2015. This program will allow taxpayers to submit an offer to compromise a tax debt for less than the amount due based on specific criteria. To determine if you qualify visit www.michigan.gov/oic.
What To Do If You Disagree
If you believe you have received a bill for taxes due that you do not owe, send the following information to support your claim:

A letter explaining why the tax is not due with documents to support the reasons you outline in your letter. Be sure to include your account number (Social Security or tax identification number) on the letter.
A legible copy of the front and back of your canceled check or money order
A copy of the billing notice you received from the Michigan Department of Treasury.

Mail the above information to the address that appears on the bill.
Information about how to appeal the bill can be found on the back of the billing notice, or in the Taxpayer Rights Handbook.
Other Helpful Information
Power of Attorney

If you wish to authorize another person or corporation, (tax preparer, accountant, attorney, family member, etc.,) as your representative in tax or debt matters before the State of Michigan, you must complete and file an Authorized Representative Declaration (Power of Attorney) Form 151 with the Office of Collections.

Estimate Penalty and Interest Owed for a Late Payment
Frequently Asked Questions about Delinquent Accounts
Information about Driver Responsibility Fees
Telephone Inquires:
Due to heavy call volumes, there may be a delay in answering your call. To assist our customer service representatives in helping you, please have your account number and tax documents with you when you call. Your account number is your Social Security or tax identification number.


If you don't understand why you received your bill, please contact the appropriate Tax Division at the number below:


Income Tax 517-636-4486


Sales, Use and Withholding Taxes 517-636-6925


Single Business Tax 517-636-6925


Michigan Business Tax 517-636-6925


Motor Fuel Taxes 517-636-4600



To pay your debt or other questions about your delinquent account, call Treasury Office of Collections at 517-636-5265.
If you are making a payment by electronic withdrawal (EFT), please have your bank account number and the 9 digit bank routing number of your financial institution available. If you have any questions about these numbers, please contact your bank or financial institution.







About TreasuryTreasurer Nick A. KhouriDeputy TreasurersPublic MeetingsTreasury Organization ChartCommunicationsTreasury Contact Information Sign up for Treasury Email Alerts Press ReleasesOther ResourcesInvestmentsMichigan LotteryMichigan Gaming Control BoardState of Michigan
FOIAOpen MichiganOffice of Regulatory ReinventionState Web SitesMichigan.gov HomeADAMichigan NewsPoliciesCopyright 2017 State of Michigan




 








Taxes - Taxes









































 Browsers that can not handle javascript will not be able to access some features of this site. 






 Some functions of this site are disabled for browsers blocking jQuery. 






Skip to main content



HomeContact UsFormsFAQsTreasury  HomeMI.gov


Taxes Site 







 





 



TAXES 



 


Search Treasury Forms  
Advanced Search


 

         
 

         
 
News and Information
  Notice to Taxpayers Regarding the Conclusion of Multistate Tax Compact Election Litigation  Notice Regarding Materials and Supplies  Notice to Taxpayers re HMOs under Corporate Income Tax  Notice to Taxpayers Regarding Labelle Management Inc V Department Of Treasury  New Individual Income Tax Developments for Tax Year 2016  State Real Estate Transfer Tax (SRETT)  New Identity Confirmation Quiz  Use Tax Required on Internet Purchases 
 
Popular Resources & Services
  My Income Tax Refund Status  Individual Income Tax e-Payments  Homestead Property Tax Credit Information  Michigan Treasury Online  Hearings Information  E-file Information  Driver Responsibility Information  Streamlined Sales & Use Tax Information  Penalty and Interest Calculator  Home Heating Credit Information 
 
Popular Forms
  Index of all Forms  Search for all Forms  Application for State Real Estate Transfer Tax (SRETT) Refund  Latest Sales and Use Tax Forms  Latest Withholding Tax Forms  Business Tax Forms & Instructions  Homestead Property Tax Credit Forms  Property Tax Forms & Instructions  Power of Attorney Form 151 
 





About TreasuryDeputy TreasurersTreasurer Nick A. KhouriPublic MeetingsTreasury Organization ChartCommunicationsTreasury Contact Information Sign up for Treasury Email Alerts Press ReleasesOther ResourcesInvestmentsMichigan LotteryMichigan Gaming Control BoardMichigan Tax TribunalState of Michigan
State Web SitesMichigan.gov HomeADAMichigan NewsPoliciesCopyright 2017 State of Michigan




 







TREASURY - Reports












































 Browsers that can not handle javascript will not be able to access some features of this site. 






 Some functions of this site are disabled for browsers blocking jQuery. 






Skip to main content



HomeContact UsFormsAbout TreasuryMI.gov


MI Dept of Treasury 







 





 



You are hereTREASURY Reports & Legal Resources Reports 


Reports
 
 
Annual Reports
  2015-16 Annual Report of the State Treasurer  2014-15 Annual Report of the State Treasurer  2013-14 Annual Report of the State Treasurer  2012-13 Annual Report of the State Treasurer  2011-12 Annual Report of the State Treasurer  2010-11 Annual Report of the State Treasurer  2009-10 Annual Report of the State Treasurer  2008-09 Annual Report of the State Treasurer  2007-08 Annual Report of the State Treasurer  2006-07 Annual Report of the State Treasurer 
 
Boilerplate and Statutory Reports
  FY2017 Boilerplate and Statutory Reports  FY2016 Boilerplate and Statutory Reports  FY2015 Boilerplate and Statutory Reports 
 
Budget Reports
  Budget Stabilization Fund – 2014  Executive Budget Appendix on Tax Credits, Deductions, and Exemptions - FY 2016 and FY 2017 
 
Economic Reports
  2017 Estates and Protected Individuals Code Cost-of-Living Adjustments to Specific Dollar Amounts  2017 Limitation on Noneconomic Damages/Product Liability Determination on Economic Damages  Consumer Price Index  Demographic Data  Michigan Economic Update May 2017  Economic Report of the State Treasurer 2009  Employment Data  Interest Rates for Money Judgments  Key Labor Market and Economic Metrics - February 2016  Michigan Personal Income 2002  2017 Bankruptcy Exemptions  Public Employer Contributions to Medical Benefit Plans Annual Cost Limitations 
 
Revenue Reports
  Consensus Revenue Estimating Conference Agreement Final Report: Executive Summary, May 17, 2017  Administration Michigan Economic and Revenue Outlook, May 17, 2017  State of Michigan Monthly Financial Report  Transportation Revenue Estimates FY 2016, FY 2017, & FY 2018 - January 2016 
 
Tax Reports
  Airport Parking Tax 1988-2015  Cigarette and Tobacco Taxes, Statistical Update, 2015  College Tuition Tax Credit - July 2001  Community Foundations and Homeless Shelter Credits 2017 Report  Components of Michigan Income - Effects of An Aging Population  Earned Income Tax Credit 2014  Home Heating Credit - 1978 to 2004  Home Heating Expenses Reported by Home Heating Credit Filers - 2015  Income, Income Tax, & Property Tax Credits by School District 2014  Individual Income Tax 2014  Motor Fuel and Registration Taxes FY 2014-2015  New Jobs Training Programs Annual Report, 2015  Obsolete Property Rehabilitation Act  Outline of the Michigan Tax System (CRC)  Property Tax Real and Personal 2008 Statistical Update  Proposal A:  A Retrospective - December 2002  Sales and Use Taxes 2014  Single Business Tax, Statistical Tables, 2003-2004  State Equalized Value and Taxable Value 2012  Tax Amnesty Program 2011  Update on the Impact of the Smoking Ban, 2011 
 
Archived Reports
  List of Archived Reports 
 





About TreasuryTreasurer Nick A. KhouriDeputy TreasurersPublic MeetingsTreasury Organization ChartCommunicationsTreasury Contact Information Sign up for Treasury Email Alerts Press ReleasesOther ResourcesInvestmentsMichigan LotteryMichigan Gaming Control BoardState of Michigan
FOIAOpen MichiganOffice of Regulatory ReinventionState Web SitesMichigan.gov HomeADAMichigan NewsPoliciesCopyright 2017 State of Michigan




 


Michigan State Treasurer - Wikipedia






















 






Michigan State Treasurer

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from State Treasurer of Michigan)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Department of Treasury




Department overview


Formed
July 23, 1965 (1965-07-23)[1]


Headquarters
Lansing, Michigan


Annual budget
$490,289,100


Department executives



Nick A. Khouri, State Treasurer
Tom Saxton, Chief Deputy Treasurer





Key document



Michigan Constitution





Website
www.michigan.gov/treasury




State Treasurer of
the State of Michigan






Incumbent
Nick A. Khouri
since April 20, 2015



Michigan Department of Treasury


Appointer
Governor (Rick Snyder)


Term length
Governor's pleasure


Inaugural holder
Henry Howard


Formation
1837


Website
www.michigan.gov/treasury


The State Treasurer of Michigan functions as the chief financial officer for the U.S. state of Michigan. The State Treasurer oversees the collection, investment, and disbursement of all state monies, and also administers major tax laws, safeguards the credit of the state, and distributes revenue sharing monies to local units of government. It is an unelected office within the executive branch.[2]
The current state treasurer is Nick A. Khouri, appointed by Governor Rick Snyder on April 20, 2015.[3]
List of State Treasurers of Michigan[edit]


Treasurer
Term


Henry Howard[4]
1836–1839


Peter Desnoyers
1839–1840


Robert Stuart[5]
1840–1841


George W. Jermain
1841–1842


John J. Adam[6]
1842–1845


George R. Redfield
1845–1846


George B. Cooper
1846–1850


Bernard C. Whittemore[7]
1850–1854


Silas M. Holmes
1855–1858


John McKinney
1859–1860


John Owen
1861–1866


Ebenezer O. Grosvenor
1867–1870


Victory P. Collier
1871–1874


William B. McCreery
1875–1878


Benjamin D. Pritchard
1879–1882


Edward H. Butler
1883–1886


George L. Maltz
1887–1890


Frederick Braastad
1891–1892


Joseph F. Hambitzer[8]
1893–1894


James M. Wilkinson
1894–1896


George A. Steel
1897–1900


Daniel McCoy
1901–1904


Frank P. Glazier[9]
1905–1908


John T. Rich
1908


Albert E. Sleeper
1909–1912


John W. Haarer
1913–1916


Samuel Odell[10]
1917–1919


Frank E. Gorman
1919–1924


Frank D. McKay
1925–1930


Howard C. Lawrence
1931–1932


Theodore I. Fry
1933–1938


D. Hale Brake
1943–1954


Sanford A. Brown
1955–1965


Allison Green[11]
1965–1978


Loren E. Monroe[12]
1978–1982


Robert A. Bowman
1983–1991


Douglas B. Roberts[13]
1991–1998


Mark A. Murray[14]
1999–2001


Douglas B. Roberts[15]
2001–2002


Jay B. Rising[16]
2003–2006


Robert J. Kleine
2006–2011


Andy Dillon
2011–2013


R. Kevin Clinton
2013–2015


Nick Khouri
2015–present


Notes[edit]

Citations



^ MCL 16.175-16.191
^ 2011-2012 Michigan Manual: Chapter IV—The Executive Branch: Department of Treasury
^ freep.com: Snyder names Nick Khouri state treasurer
^ Resigned May 1, 1839; succeeded by Peter Desnoyer, appointed by Governor Stevens T. Mason to fill vacancy, until Robert Stuart appointed by Michigan Legislature January 23, 1840.
^ Resigned July 8, 1841; succeeded by George W. Jermain, appointed by Governor J. Wright Gordon, until John J. Adam appointed by Michigan Legislature January 13, 1842.
^ Resigned May 31, 1845; succeeded by George Redfield, appointed by Governor John S. Barry, until George B. Cooper appointed by Michigan Legislature.
^ First elected state treasurer.
^ Removed March 20, 1894; succeeded by James M. Wilkinson.
^ Resigned January 22, 1908; John T. Rich appointed January 23, 1908.
^ Resigned May 21, 1919; succeeded by Frank E. Gorman.
^ Nominated and confirmed September 14, 1965; resigned September 4, 1978, and succeeded by Loren E. Monroe.
^ Nominated August 18, 1978, for a term to begin September 5, 1978; formally confirmed October 31, 1979.
^ Resigned November 20, 1998; chief deputy state treasurer Madhu Anderson named acting state treasurer.
^ Appointed by Governor John Engler on December 22, 1998, effective January 10, 1999.
^ Appointed by Governor John Engler, effective May 1, 2001.
^ Appointed by Governor Jennifer Granholm, effective January 6, 2003; confirmed by the senate January 21, 2003.



Bibliography

Source: Michigan Manual 2003-2004, Chapter IV, Former Officials of Michigan
External links[edit]

Michigan Department of Treasury







v
t
e


Michigan state agencies






Government of Michigan





Principal departments



Agriculture and Rural Development
Attorney General
Civil Rights
Corrections
Education
Environmental Quality
Health and Human Services
Insurance and Financial Services
Licensing and Regulatory Affairs
Military and Veterans Affairs
Natural Resources
State
State Police
Talent and Economic Development
Technology, Management and Budget
Transportation
Treasury





Current units



Civil Service Commission
Economic Development Corporation
Gaming Control Board
Geological Survey
State Historic Preservation Office
State Housing Development Authority
Liquor Control Commission
Mackinac Bridge Authority
Mackinac Island State Park Commission
Michigan Lottery
Occupational Safety and Health Administration
Public Service Commission
Railroad Commission
Office of Retirement Services
State Transportation Commission
Veterans Affairs Agency
Volunteer Defense Force





Former departments



Department of History, Arts and Libraries
Department of Information Technology












v
t
e


State Treasurers of the United States




United States Secretary of the Treasury: Steven Mnuchin (R)







AL
Young Boozer (R)


AK
Randall Hoffbeck (I)


AZ
Jeff DeWit (R)


AR
Dennis Milligan (R)


CA
John Chiang (D)


CO
Walker Stapleton (R)


CT
Denise Nappier (D)


DE
Ken Simpler (R)


FL
Jimmy Patronis (R)


GA
Steve McCoy (R)


HI
Wesley Machida (D)


ID
Ron Crane (R)


IL
Mike Frerichs (D)


IN
Kelly Mitchell (R)


IA
Michael Fitzgerald (D)


KS
Jake LaTurner (R)


KY
Allison Ball (R)


LA
Ron Henson (R)


ME
Terry Hayes (I)


MD
Nancy Kopp (D)


MA
Deb Goldberg (D)


MI
Nick Khouri (R)


MN
Myron Frans (D)


MS
Lynn Fitch (R)


MO
Eric Schmitt (R)


MT
Mike Kadas (D)


NE
Don Stenberg (R)


NV
Dan Schwartz (R)


NH
William Dwyer (D)


NJ
Ford Scudder (R)


NM
Tim Eichenberg (D)


NY
Thomas DiNapoli (D)


NC
Dale Folwell (R)


ND
Kelly Schmidt (R)


OH
Josh Mandel (R)


OK
Ken Miller (R)


OR
Tobias Read (D)


PA
Joe Torsella (D)


RI
Seth Magaziner (D)


SC
Curtis Loftis (R)


SD
Rich Sattgast (R)


TN
David Lillard (R)


TX
Glenn Hegar (R)


UT
Richard Ellis (R)


VT
Beth Pearce (D)


VA
Manju Ganeriwala (I)


WA
Duane Davidson (R)


WV
John Perdue (D)


WI
Matt Adamczyk (R)


WY
Mark Gordon (R)


DC
Jeff DeWitt (D)


Territories:

AS



GU



MP



PR
Raúl Maldonado (I)


VI









Political party affiliations:

30 Republican
18 Democratic
4 Independent

italics indicate closest equivalent to treasurer in this state








 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Michigan_State_Treasurer&oldid=769556763"					
Categories: State treasurers of MichiganState constitutional officers of Michigan 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 10 March 2017, at 08:28.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






﻿




























State Treasurer State of Michigan Increases Position in Tyson Foods, Inc. (NYSE:TSN) - Week Herald














































 















 



  
 
  





















Daily Ratings and News for Tyson Foods Inc.
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Tyson Foods Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 






Follow @WeekHerald









Recent Posts

Berkshire Hills Bancorp, Inc. (BHLB) Shares Bought by Geode Capital Management LLC
Geode Capital Management LLC Reduces Stake in Piper Jaffray Companies (NYSE:PJC)
Vanguard Group Inc. Buys 2,340,324 Shares of First Hawaiian Inc (FHB)
Vanguard Group Inc. Purchases 135,361 Shares of Albany International Corporation (NYSE:AIN)
Vanguard Group Inc. Raises Position in Merit Medical Systems, Inc. (MMSI)
Vetr Inc. Lowers Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated (NASDAQ:VRTX) to Buy
Atlas Air Worldwide Holdings (NASDAQ:AAWW) Stake Boosted by Vanguard Group Inc.
MARSHALL WACE ASIA Ltd Invests $49.70 Million in Norfolk Souther Corporation (NSC)
Thrivent Financial For Lutherans Buys 620 Shares of Marten Transport, Ltd. (MRTN)
Koninklijke Ahold Delhaize NV (AMS:AD) Given a €20.00 Price Target by J P Morgan Chase & Co Analysts
J P Morgan Chase & Co Reiterates €102.00 Price Target for Safran SA (SAF)
Deutsche Bank AG Analysts Give Axa SA (EPA:CS) a €26.00 Price Target
Berenberg Bank Analysts Give VTG AG (ETR:VT9) a €49.00 Price Target
Wedbush Comments on Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd.’s Q2 2017 Earnings (NASDAQ:NCLH)
Jones Financial Companies Lllp Sells 45 Shares of Caterpillar, Inc. (NYSE:CAT)
BT Group PLC (BT) Shares Bought by Alliancebernstein L.P.
General Mills, Inc. (GIS) Shares Sold by Neuberger Berman Group LLC
CommScope Holding Company, Inc. (COMM) Set to Announce Quarterly Earnings on Thursday
Marathon Oil Corporation Target of Unusually Large Options Trading (NYSE:MRO)
Thrivent Financial For Lutherans Acquires 310 Shares of Superior Industries International, Inc. (NYSE:SUP)



 


State Treasurer State of Michigan Increases Position in Tyson Foods, Inc. (NYSE:TSN)

					Posted by Anthony Sawyer on Jul 23rd, 2017 // No Comments 


Tweet












State Treasurer State of Michigan raised its position in shares of  Tyson Foods, Inc. (NYSE:TSN) by 0.5% during the second quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the SEC. The firm owned 94,736 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 500 shares during the period. State Treasurer State of Michigan’s holdings in Tyson Foods were worth $5,933,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. 
Other large investors have also modified their holdings of the company. Alpha Windward LLC boosted its stake in shares of  Tyson Foods by 6.3% in the first quarter. Alpha Windward LLC now owns 8,092 shares of the company’s stock worth $499,000 after buying an additional 480 shares during the last quarter.  Horrell Capital Management Inc. boosted its stake in  Tyson Foods by 0.4% in the first quarter. Horrell Capital Management Inc. now owns 27,260 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,682,000 after buying an additional 100 shares in the last quarter.  Regentatlantic Capital LLC boosted its stake in  Tyson Foods by 3.0% in the first quarter. Regentatlantic Capital LLC now owns 111,916 shares of the company’s stock valued at $6,906,000 after buying an additional 3,224 shares in the last quarter.  National Pension Service boosted its stake in  Tyson Foods by 7.1% in the first quarter. National Pension Service now owns 265,039 shares of the company’s stock valued at $16,337,000 after buying an additional 17,455 shares in the last quarter.  Finally, Gulf International Bank UK Ltd boosted its stake in  Tyson Foods by 25.3% in the first quarter. Gulf International Bank UK Ltd now owns 5,951 shares of the company’s stock valued at $367,000 after buying an additional 1,200 shares in the last quarter. 71.59% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. 


 Get Tyson Foods Inc. alerts:



Tyson Foods, Inc. (NYSE:TSN) traded up 1.56% on Friday, reaching $61.88. 1,747,119 shares of the company traded hands. The stock has a market capitalization of $22.71 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 12.93 and a beta of 0.25. Tyson Foods, Inc. has a 52-week low of $55.72 and a 52-week high of $77.05. The firm has a 50 day moving average price of $60.96 and a 200 day moving average price of $62.01. 




Tyson Foods (NYSE:TSN) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Monday, May 8th. The company reported $1.01 EPS for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.06 by $0.05. The firm had revenue of $9.08 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $9.07 billion. Tyson Foods had a net margin of 4.91% and a return on equity of 18.55%. The company’s quarterly revenue was down .9% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the previous year, the firm posted $1.07 EPS.  Equities research analysts predict that  Tyson Foods, Inc. will post $5.03 EPS for the current year. 
The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, September 15th. Investors of record on Friday, September 1st will be paid a $0.225 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, August 30th. This represents a $0.90 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 1.45%. Tyson Foods’s payout ratio is 18.79%. 
WARNING: This article was first  posted by Week Herald and is owned by of Week Herald. If you are reading this article on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US & international copyright and trademark laws. The original version of this article can be accessed at https://weekherald.com/2017/07/23/state-treasurer-state-of-michigan-increases-position-in-tyson-foods-inc-nysetsn.html. 
Several equities research analysts have issued reports on TSN shares. BidaskClub raised shares of Tyson Foods from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research note on Friday, June 16th. BMO Capital Markets  reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $75.00 price target on shares of Tyson Foods in a research note on Thursday, June 15th. Vertical Research raised shares of Tyson Foods from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research note on Tuesday, June 13th. Mizuho started coverage on shares of Tyson Foods in a research note on Wednesday, June 7th. They set a “buy” rating and a $71.00 price target on the stock. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC  reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $75.00 price target on shares of Tyson Foods in a research note on Monday, May 8th. One equities research analyst  has rated the stock with a sell rating, six have given a hold rating, nine have assigned  a buy rating and one  has assigned  a strong buy rating to the stock. The stock  has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $69.04.
About Tyson Foods
Tyson Foods, Inc is a food company, which is engaged in offering chicken, beef and pork, as well as prepared foods. The Company offers food products under Tyson, Jimmy Dean, Hillshire Farm, Sara Lee, Ball Park, Wright, Aidells and State Fair brands. The Company operates through four segments: Chicken, Beef, Pork and Prepared Foods.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding TSN? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Tyson Foods, Inc. (NYSE:TSN).







Receive News & Ratings for Tyson Foods Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Tyson Foods Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 



 























Latest News




Berkshire Hills Bancorp, Inc.  Shares Bought by Geode Capital Management LLC





Geode Capital Management LLC Reduces Stake in Piper Jaffray Companies 





Vanguard Group Inc. Buys 2,340,324 Shares of First Hawaiian Inc 





Vanguard Group Inc. Purchases 135,361 Shares of Albany International Corporation 





Vanguard Group Inc. Raises Position in Merit Medical Systems, Inc. 





Atlas Air Worldwide Holdings  Stake Boosted by Vanguard Group Inc.






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website








 


 

 
































﻿






























Cohen Klingenstein LLC Has $286,000 Stake in Abbott Laboratories (NYSE:ABT) - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for Abbott Laboratories

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Abbott Laboratories with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

Tile Shop Hldgs’ (NASDAQ:TTS) Hold Rating Reaffirmed at Stifel Nicolaus
BidaskClub Downgrades Blackhawk Network Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ:HAWK) to Hold
First Data Corporation to Post FY2017 Earnings of $1.26 Per Share, Wedbush Forecasts (FDC)
Reilly Financial Advisors LLC Has $266,000 Position in Semtech Corporation (NASDAQ:SMTC)
Cognizant Technology Solutions Corporation (NASDAQ:CTSH) Stake Increased by LS Investment Advisors LLC
Cypress Capital Management LLC WY Purchases 4,500 Shares of KeyCorp (NYSE:KEY)
Cohen Klingenstein LLC Has $286,000 Stake in Abbott Laboratories (NYSE:ABT)
Marathon Asset Management LLP Increases Position in The Priceline Group Inc. (NASDAQ:PCLN)
Xilinx, Inc. (NASDAQ:XLNX) Shares Sold by City Financial Investment Co Ltd
Oil States International, Inc. (OIS) Expected to Post Earnings of -$0.24 Per Share
KB Home (KBH) Lowered to “Sell” at Barclays PLC
Coca-Cola Company (The) (KO) PT Set at $49.00 by Sanford C. Bernstein
pSivida Corp. (PSDV) Given a $5.00 Price Target at HC Wainwright
Eli Lilly and Company (NYSE:LLY) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research
Best Buy Co., Inc. (BBY) Given a $47.00 Price Target at Sanford C. Bernstein
Sterling Construction (STRL) versus Jacobs Engineering Group (JEC) Head to Head Review
Kennametal (KMT) & Blount International (BLT) Critical Comparison
Zacks: Brokerages Set $71.40 Price Target for SINOPEC Shangai Petrochemical Company, Ltd. (NYSE:SHI)
BMO Capital Markets () Receives Average Rating of “” from Analysts
RPX Corporation (RPXC) and CRA International,Inc. (CRAI) Financial Analysis







Cohen Klingenstein LLC Has $286,000 Stake in Abbott Laboratories (NYSE:ABT)


					Posted by Chloe McGuire on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments




Cohen Klingenstein LLC maintained its position in shares of  Abbott Laboratories (NYSE:ABT) during the second quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor  owned 5,886 shares of the healthcare product maker’s stock at the end of the second quarter. Cohen Klingenstein LLC’s holdings in Abbott Laboratories were worth $286,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. 
A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently modified their holdings of ABT. Fiera Capital Corp raised its position in shares of  Abbott Laboratories by 2.0% in the fourth quarter. Fiera Capital Corp now owns 21,493 shares of the healthcare product maker’s stock valued at $826,000 after buying an additional 418 shares during the last quarter.  Zions Bancorporation raised its position in shares of  Abbott Laboratories by 0.4% in the fourth quarter. Zions Bancorporation now owns 7,824 shares of the healthcare product maker’s stock valued at $301,000 after buying an additional 32 shares during the last quarter.  Moloney Securities Asset Management LLC acquired a new position in shares of  Abbott Laboratories during the fourth quarter valued at about $951,000.  Janus Capital Management LLC raised its position in shares of  Abbott Laboratories by 3.6% in the fourth quarter. Janus Capital Management LLC now owns 330,248 shares of the healthcare product maker’s stock valued at $12,684,000 after buying an additional 11,529 shares during the last quarter.  Finally, Drexel Morgan & Co. raised its position in shares of  Abbott Laboratories by 3.4% in the fourth quarter. Drexel Morgan & Co. now owns 19,786 shares of the healthcare product maker’s stock valued at $760,000 after buying an additional 650 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own  71.02% of the company’s stock. 


 Get Abbott Laboratories alerts:



Shares of Abbott Laboratories (NYSE ABT) opened at 50.85 on Friday. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $48.18 and its 200-day moving average is $44.68. Abbott Laboratories has a 1-year low of $37.38 and a 1-year high of $51.13. The company has a market capitalization of $88.24 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 52.91 and a beta of 1.07. 





Abbott Laboratories (NYSE:ABT) last announced its earnings results on Thursday, July 20th. The healthcare product maker reported $0.62 EPS for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.60 by $0.02. The business had revenue of $6.64 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $6.63 billion. Abbott Laboratories had a net margin of 6.74% and a return on equity of 14.91%. The firm’s revenue was up 24.5% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the previous year, the company posted $0.55 earnings per share.  Analysts forecast that  Abbott Laboratories will post $2.48 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. 
The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, August 15th. Shareholders of record on Friday, July 14th will be issued a $0.265 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, July 12th. This represents a $1.06 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 2.08%. Abbott Laboratories’s dividend payout ratio  is presently 110.42%. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Cohen Klingenstein LLC Has $286,000 Stake in Abbott Laboratories (NYSE:ABT)” was originally  published by Chaffey Breeze and is the property of of Chaffey Breeze. If you are accessing this report on another domain, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of international copyright legislation. The correct version of this report can be read at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/21/cohen-klingenstein-llc-has-286000-stake-in-abbott-laboratories-nyseabt.html. 
Several brokerages recently issued reports on ABT. Cowen and Company  reiterated an “outperform” rating and issued a $55.00 price target (up from $48.00) on shares of Abbott Laboratories in a research note on Friday, July 14th. BMO Capital Markets  reiterated a “hold” rating and issued a $48.00 price target on shares of Abbott Laboratories in a research note on Tuesday, July 11th. Morgan Stanley  reiterated an “equal weight” rating on shares of Abbott Laboratories in a research note on Monday, July 10th. TheStreet upgraded shares of Abbott Laboratories from a “c+” rating to a “b” rating in a research note on Monday, July 3rd. Finally, Wells Fargo & Company  reiterated an “outperform” rating and issued a $54.00 price target (up from $47.50) on shares of Abbott Laboratories in a research note on Friday, June 30th. Four investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, twelve have given a buy rating and one  has issued  a strong buy rating to the stock. Abbott Laboratories presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $51.33.
In other news, insider Roger Bird sold 5,600 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, April 27th. The shares were sold at an average price of $43.82, for a total transaction of $245,392.00. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 51,313 shares in the company, valued at $2,248,535.66. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, insider Jared Watkin sold 552 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, June 15th. The shares were sold at an average price of $47.97, for a total transaction of $26,479.44. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 47,090 shares in the company, valued at approximately $2,258,907.30. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold 206,902 shares of company stock valued at $9,497,761 over the last quarter. 0.76% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. 
About Abbott Laboratories
Abbott Laboratories is engaged in the discovery, development, manufacture and sale of a range of healthcare products. The Company operates through four segments: Established Pharmaceutical Products, Diagnostic Products, Nutritional Products and Vascular Products. Its Established Pharmaceutical Products include a range of branded generic pharmaceuticals manufactured around the world and marketed and sold outside the United States.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding ABT? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Abbott Laboratories (NYSE:ABT).







Receive News & Ratings for Abbott Laboratories Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Abbott Laboratories and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 






















































STATE TREASURER STATE OF MICHIGAN Institutional Portfolio - NASDAQ.com






























































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search






















Home > 
	Quotes > 
	Ownership & Insider Trades > 
    Institutional Portfolio






STATE TREASURER STATE OF MICHIGAN






MICHIGAN DEPT OF TREASURY, LANSING,  Michigan, 48901, (517) 373-3140


Report Date: 06/30/2017

Position Statistics


Total Positions
955


New Positions
17


Increased Positions
621


Decreased Positions
233


Positions with Activity
854


Sold Out Positions
8


Total Mkt Value (in $ millions)
13,473



Institutional Holdings information is filed by major institutions on form 13-F with the Securities and Exchange Commission.



Sector Weighting



Energy
4.23%


Basic Materials
2.85%


Industrials
8.16%


Consumer Cyclicals
10.29%


Consumer Non-Cyclicals
7.82%


Financials
28.7%


Healthcare
12.44%


Technology
19.78%


Telecommunication Services
3.38%


Utilities
2.34%









Total Positions




New




Increased




Decreased




Activity




Sold Out






955 Positions as of 06/30/2017


Company

Class

Value of Shares ($1,000s) ▼

Change in Value ($1,000s)

Change (%)

Shares Held



APPLE INC
COM
567,206
-70,748
(11.09)
3,767,310


BERKSHIRE HATHAWAY INC DEL
CL B NEW
483,703
52
.01
2,795,162


JPMORGAN CHASE & CO
COM
404,175
-23,409
(5.48)
4,414,800


SPDR S&P 500 ETF TR
TR UNIT
361,567
25,511
7.59
1,462,650


VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC
COM
334,150
86
.03
6,989,118


WELLS FARGO CO NEW
COM
281,209
-18,656
(6.22)
5,139,997


FACEBOOK INC
CL A
256,907
-25,873
(9.15)
1,507,316


GILEAD SCIENCES INC
COM
236,791
-1,267
(0.53)
3,158,901


MICROSOFT CORP
COM
234,823
-73
(0.03)
3,209,717


ALPHABET INC
CAP STK CL A
227,877
191
.08
239,238


AFLAC INC
COM
217,261
-108
(0.05)
2,817,182


PROCTER AND GAMBLE CO
COM
212,572
13,684
6.88
2,344,203


AMAZON COM INC
COM
179,077
314
.18
171,202


HOME DEPOT INC
COM
176,113
-41,054
(18.9)
1,192,128


VALIDUS HOLDINGS LTD
COM SHS
175,886

New
3,408,643


CVS HEALTH CORP
COM
158,901
45,292
39.87
2,013,440


TWO HBRS INVT CORP
COM
152,766

New
15,604,284


WILLIS TOWERS WATSON PUB LTD
SHS
150,729
-44
(0.03)
1,025,155


JOHNSON & JOHNSON
COM
140,965
-772
(0.55)
1,077,464


DISNEY WALT CO
COM DISNEY
138,078
-10,978
(7.37)
1,255,253




<< first< previous1234510203040next >last >>








Latest News Headlines




                            Nasdaq Welcomes Redfin (Nasdaq: RDFN) to The Nasdaq Stock Market
                        



	                    12:40PM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                




                            AbbVie to remain cautious on drug pricing, shares fall
                        



	                    12:26PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            Bank of the Ozarks shares tumble after key executive resigns
                        



	                    12:24PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            RadNet, Inc. Announces Date of its Second Quarter 2017 Financial Results Conference Call
                        



	                    12:22PM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                




                            Merck says cyber attack halted production, will hurt profits
                        



	                    12:17PM ET  - Reuters
	                





View All Latest Headlines



































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX


































