





























State of New Jersey Common Pension Fund D Sells 100,000 Shares of Facebook, Inc. (FB) - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for Facebook Inc.

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Facebook Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

State of New Jersey Common Pension Fund D Sells 100,000 Shares of Facebook, Inc. (FB)
E.I. du Pont de Nemours and Company (DD) Position Cut by Boston Family Office LLC
MYR Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:MYRG) Stake Reduced by Alliancebernstein L.P.
Driehaus Capital Management LLC Has $771,000 Stake in Cypress Semiconductor Corporation (CY)
Jane Street Group LLC Buys New Position in Silicon Laboratories, Inc. (NASDAQ:SLAB)
50,000 Shares in J.B. Hunt Transport Services, Inc. (NASDAQ:JBHT) Acquired by Point72 Asset Management L.P.
The Travelers Companies, Inc. (NYSE:TRV) Position Held by Argent Capital Management LLC
Westwood Holdings Group Inc. Has $17.22 Million Position in J.M. Smucker Company (The) (NYSE:SJM)
HighTower Advisors LLC Raises Stake in Textron Inc. (TXT)
94,755 Shares in Anadarko Petroleum Corporation (APC) Acquired by Wafra Investment Advisory Group Inc. NY
Targa Resources, Inc. (TRGP) Position Held by OLD Mutual Customised Solutions Proprietary Ltd.
Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Has $39,576,000 Position in Baozun Inc. (NASDAQ:BZUN)
Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Raises Stake in Red Rock Resorts, Inc. (NASDAQ:RRR)
Cambridge Trust Co. Reduces Stake in HP Inc. (NYSE:HPQ)
Achmea Investment Management B.V. Acquires New Stake in Core Laboratories N.V. (NYSE:CLB)
Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky Sells 1,040 Shares of Huntington Ingalls Industries, Inc. (NYSE:HII)
Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky Invests $2.08 Million in Neurocrine Biosciences, Inc. (NASDAQ:NBIX)
Comparing CPI Card Group (PMTS) and American Express (AXP)
Head-To-Head Analysis: Layne Christensen (NASDAQ:LAYN) vs. Great Lakes Dredge & Dock Corporation (GLDD)
Domino's Pizza Group PLC.’s (LON:DOM) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Numis Securities Ltd







State of New Jersey Common Pension Fund D Sells 100,000 Shares of Facebook, Inc. (FB)


					Posted by Chloe McGuire on Jul 25th, 2017 // No Comments




State of New Jersey Common Pension Fund D cut its position in shares of  Facebook, Inc. (NASDAQ:FB) by 2.7% during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund owned 3,630,000 shares of the social networking company’s stock after selling 100,000 shares during the period. Facebook accounts for approximately  2.2% of State of New Jersey Common Pension Fund D’s investment portfolio, making the stock its 4th largest position. State of New Jersey Common Pension Fund D owned 0.13% of Facebook worth $515,642,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. 
Several other large investors have also modified their holdings of the stock. Coldstream Capital Management Inc. increased its stake in  Facebook by 34.0% in the fourth quarter. Coldstream Capital Management Inc. now owns 7,151 shares of the social networking company’s stock valued at $823,000 after buying an additional 1,814 shares during the period.  Commonwealth of Pennsylvania Public School Empls Retrmt SYS increased its stake in  Facebook by 1.1% in the fourth quarter. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania Public School Empls Retrmt SYS now owns 134,187 shares of the social networking company’s stock valued at $15,438,000 after buying an additional 1,515 shares during the period.  Private Advisor Group LLC increased its stake in  Facebook by 8.7% in the fourth quarter. Private Advisor Group LLC now owns 125,178 shares of the social networking company’s stock valued at $15,737,000 after buying an additional 10,046 shares during the period.  Dimensional Fund Advisors LP increased its stake in  Facebook by 21.2% in the fourth quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP now owns 3,807,720 shares of the social networking company’s stock valued at $438,112,000 after buying an additional 665,048 shares during the period.  Finally, Tredje AP fonden increased its stake in  Facebook by 3.4% in the fourth quarter. Tredje AP fonden now owns 250,746 shares of the social networking company’s stock valued at $28,848,000 after buying an additional 8,215 shares during the period. 57.68% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. 


 Get Facebook Inc. alerts:



Facebook, Inc. (NASDAQ:FB) opened at 166.00 on Tuesday. Facebook, Inc. has a 1-year low of $113.55 and a 1-year high of $166.17. The company’s 50 day moving average is $154.52 and its 200-day moving average is $143.53. The stock has a market cap of $481.10 billion, a PE ratio of 42.21 and a beta of 0.67. 





Facebook (NASDAQ:FB) last released its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, May 3rd. The social networking company reported $1.04 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.88 by $0.16. The firm had revenue of $8.03 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $7.83 billion. Facebook had a net margin of 36.45% and a return on equity of 20.27%. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 49.2% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the prior year, the business earned $0.77 earnings per share.  Equities research analysts forecast that  Facebook, Inc. will post $4.87 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. 
WARNING: This story was  published by Chaffey Breeze and is owned by of Chaffey Breeze. If you are viewing this story on another site, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of international copyright & trademark laws. The legal version of this story can be viewed at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/25/state-of-new-jersey-common-pension-fund-d-sells-100000-shares-of-facebook-inc-fb-updated-updated.html. 
Several brokerages have commented on FB. Zacks Investment Research raised Facebook from a “hold” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $189.00 target price on the stock in a report on Monday. Deutsche Bank AG lifted their target price on Facebook from $185.00 to $189.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Friday. Wells Fargo & Company  reissued an “outperform” rating on shares of Facebook in a research report on Saturday. Macquarie  set a $175.00 price objective on Facebook and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Monday. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The)  set a $180.00 price objective on Facebook and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday, July 19th. One research analyst  has rated the stock with a sell rating, five have given a hold rating, forty-one have given a buy rating and five have issued  a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. Facebook  has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $168.31.
In related news, CEO Mark Zuckerberg sold 286,387 shares of the stock in a transaction on Wednesday, May 17th. The shares were sold at an average price of $148.40, for a total transaction of $42,499,830.80. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available through the SEC website. Also, Director Jan Koum sold 3,600,000 shares of the stock in a transaction on Tuesday, July 18th. The shares were sold at an average price of $160.06, for a total transaction of $576,216,000.00. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold 13,359,966 shares of company stock worth $2,082,892,714 in the last quarter. Company insiders own  19.08% of the company’s stock. 
Facebook Company Profile
Facebook, Inc is focused on building products that enable people to connect and share through mobile devices, personal computers and other surfaces. The Company’s products include Facebook, Instagram, Messenger, WhatsApp and Oculus. Facebook enables people to connect, share, discover and communicate with each other on mobile devices and personal computers.







Receive News & Ratings for Facebook Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Facebook Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 
























































 




State of New Jersey Common Pension Fund: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 5:29 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of State of New Jersey Common Pension Fund



Snapshot People




Company Overview
State of New Jersey Common Pension Fund is a pension plan sponsor. The firm invests in public equity markets. State of New Jersey Common Pension Fund is based in Trenton, New Jersey.


50 West State Street9th FloorPO Box 290Trenton, NJ 08625United States



Phone: 609-292-5106








Key Executives for State of New Jersey Common Pension Fund


State of New Jersey Common Pension Fund does not have any Key Executives recorded. 





Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact State of New Jersey Common Pension Fund, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














Division of Pensions and Benefits










 



Governor Chris Christie • Lt. Governor Kim Guadagno  










Search

All of NJ
Treasury
Pensions
















Disclaimer




















Your browser does not support script













FISCAL YEAR ANNUAL REPORTS 
Archive 
                    of Past Annual Reports
 Fiscal Year 2016
Comprehensive Audited Financial Statement Report for 2016 
Comprehensive Audited Financial
                    Report Adobe 
                      PDF (709K) 


  
Fiscal Year 2015
Comprehensive Audited Financial Statement Report for 2015 
Comprehensive Audited Financial
                    Report Adobe 
                      PDF (709K)
Comprehensive Annual Financial Report Adobe 
                  PDF (1.9M)


Individual Fund and System Audit 
                    Reports for 2015
(Audited Financial Statements)



Deferred 
                        Compensation Plan Adobe 
                          PDF (111K)



SACT Adobe 
                        PDF (95K)



State 
                        Health Benefits Program Adobe 
                          PDF (412K)


 

                    Archive 
                  of Past Annual Reports 




Last update: March 17, 2017





 











 Pensions and Benefits:  Home | Employer 
        Manual | Health Benefits  |  Forms and Publications | Counseling AppointmentsTreasury:           Home | Services | People | Businesses | Divisions/Agencies | Forms | Contact
          Us 
Statewide: NJ
          Home | Services
        A to Z  | Departments/Agencies | FAQs
Copyright © State of New Jersey, 1996  - 
        

      2012
        
This site is maintained by the Division of Pensions and Benefits.
 


























