


Property Portfolio - Steadfast Apartment REIT





































Steadfast Apartment REIT 








 Home >	    / Invest With Us / STAR | Invest With Us > Steadfast Apartment REIT >	    / Invest With Us / STAR | Property Portfolio  
 Steadfast Apartment REIT IIISteadfast Apartment REIT (closed)Steadfast Income REIT (closed)
 






 
 

Property Portfolio 

34. Sixteen50 @ Lake Ray Hubbard
Location: Rockwall, TX 
Acquisition Date: 30-Sep-2016 
Description: 

Sixteen50 @ Lake Ray Hubbard is a garden-style apartment community that consists of 42 two-story apartment buildings with a mix of one-, two-, three- and four-bedroom apartment homes. The hom..



33. 1250 West
Location: Marietta, GA 
Acquisition Date: 17-Aug-2016 
Description: 

 1250 West is a garden-style apartment community that consists of 21 two- and three-story apartment buildings with a mix of one-, two- and three-bedroom apartment homes. The homes feature gra..



32. Landings of Brentwood
Location: Brentwood, TN 
Acquisition Date: 17-May-2016 
Description: 

Landings of Brentwood is a garden-style apartment community that consists of 41 two- and three-story apartment buildings with a mix of one- and two-bedroom apartment homes. The homes feature ..



31. Fielder’s Creek Apartments
Location: Englewood, CO 
Acquisition Date: 29-Mar-2016 
Description: 

Fielder’s Creek is a garden-style apartment community that consists of nine 3-story apartment buildings with a mix of studio-, one- and two-bedroom apartment homes. The homes feature upgraded..



30. Stoneridge Farms
Location: Smyrna, TN 
Acquisition Date: 31-Dec-2015 
Description: 

 

Stoneridge Farms is a garden-style apartment community that consists of 14 three-story apartment buildings with a mix of one-, two- and three-bedroom apartment homes. The homes feature s..



29. PeakView by Horseshoe Lake
Location: Loveland, CO 
Acquisition Date: 18-Dec-2015 
Description: 

 

PeakView by Horseshoe Lake is a garden-style apartment community that consists of 13 two- and three-story apartment buildings with a mix of one-, two- and three-bedroom apartment homes. ..



28. Park Valley
Location: Atlanta, GA 
Acquisition Date: 11-Dec-2015 
Description: 

Park Valley is a garden-style apartment community that consists of 25 two- and three-story apartment buildings with a mix of studios and one- and two-bedroom apartment homes. The homes featur..



27. PeakView at T-Bone Ranch
Location: Greeley, CO 
Acquisition Date: 11-Dec-2015 
Description: 

PeakView at T-Bone Ranch is an apartment community that consists of 16 two-story apartment buildings with a mix of one-, two- and three-bedroom apartment homes. The homes feature spacious wal..



26. Meadows at River Run
Location: Bolingbrook, IL 
Acquisition Date: 30-Oct-2015 
Description: 

Meadows at River Run is an apartment community that consists of 17 two-, three- and four-story apartment buildings with a mix of one-, two- and three-bedroom apartment homes. The homes featur..



25. Lakeside at Coppell
Location: Coppell, TX 
Acquisition Date: 07-Oct-2015 
Description: 

Lakeside at Coppell is an apartment community that consists of 45 two-story apartment buildings with a mix of one-, two-, three- and four-bedroom apartment homes. The homes feature spacious w..



24. The Shores
Location: Oklahoma City, OK 
Acquisition Date: 22-Sep-2015 
Description: 

The Shores is a garden-style apartment community that consists of 11 three-story apartment buildings and 12 two-story townhouse buildings with a mix of one-, two- and three-bedroom apartment ..



23. Monticello by the Vineyard
Location: Euless, TX 
Acquisition Date: 23-Sep-2015 
Description: 

 

Monticello by the Vineyeard is a garden-style apartment community that consists of 21 three-story apartment buildings with a mix of one-, two- and three-bedroom apartment homes. The home..



22. Kensington by the Vineyard
Location: Euless, TX 
Acquisition Date: 26-Aug-2015 
Description: 

Kensington by the Vineyeard is a garden-style apartment community that consists of 37 two-story apartment buildings with a mix of one-, two-, three- and four-bedroom apartment homes. The home..



21. The Meadows at North Richland Hills
Location: North Richland Hills, TX 
Acquisition Date: 26-Aug-2015 
Description: 

The Meadows at North Richland Hills is a garden-style apartment community that consists of 21 two-story apartment buildings with a mix of two-, three- and four-bedroom apartment homes. The ho..



20. The Delano at North Richland Hills
Location: North Richland Hills, TX 
Acquisition Date: 26-Aug-2015 
Description: 

The Delano at North Richland Hills is a garden-style apartment community that consists of 32 two- and three-story apartment buildings with a mix of one-, two-, three- and four-bedroom apartme..



19. Carrington Park
Location: Kansas City, MO 
Acquisition Date: 19-Aug-2015 
Description: 

Carrington Park is an apartment community that consists of 12 two- and three-story apartment buildings with a mix of one-, two- and three-bedroom apartment homes. The apartment homes feature ..



18. Arbors at Brookfield
Location: Greenville, SC 
Acquisition Date: 30-Jun-2015 
Description: 

Arbors at Brookfield is a garden-style apartment community that consists of 35 two- and three-story apartment buildings with a mix of one-, two- and three-bedroom apartment homes. The apartme..



17. Hearthstone at City Center
Location: Aurora, CO 
Acquisition Date: 25-Jun-2015 
Description: 

Hearthstone at City Center is a garden-style apartment community that consists of 39 one- and two- story apartment buildings with a mix of one-, two- and three-bedroom apartment homes. The ho..



16. Bella Terra at City Center
Location: Aurora, CO 
Acquisition Date: 11-Jun-2015 
Description: 

Bella Terra at City Center is a garden-style apartment community that consists of 15 two- and three- story apartment buildings with a mix of studios, one- and two-bedroom apartment homes. The..



15. Ridge Crossings Apartments
Location: Hoover, AL 
Acquisition Date: 22-May-2015 
Description: 

Ridge Crossings Apartments is a garden-style apartment community that consists of 21 two- and three-story apartment buildings with a mix of one-, two-, and three-bedroom apartment homes. The ..



14. Rosemont at East Cobb
Location: Marietta, GA 
Acquisition Date: 22-May-2015 
Description: 

Rosemont at East Cobb is a garden-style apartment community that consists of 12 two- and three-story apartment buildings with a mix of one- and two-bedroom apartments. The homes feature walk-..



13. Heritage Place
Location: Franklin, TN 
Acquisition Date: 27-Apr-2015 
Description: 

Heritage Place Apartments is a garden-style apartment community that consists of 13 two-story buildings with two-bedroom apartment homes. The homes feature private patio/balconies, air-condit..



12. Randall Highlands
Location: Aurora, IL 
Acquisition Date: 31-Mar-2015 
Description: 

Randall Highlands is a townhome-style apartment community that consists of 29 two-story apartment buildings with a mix of two- and three-bedroom apartments. The homes feature stainless steel ..



11. Reveal on Cumberland
Location: Indianapolis, IN 
Acquisition Date: 01-Mar-2015 
Description: 

Reveal on Cumberland is a garden-style apartment community that consists of 3 three-story apartment buildings with a mix of one-, two- and three-bedroom homes. The apartment homes feature gra..



10. Eagle Lake Landing
Location: Indianapolis, IN 
Acquisition Date: 01-Mar-2015 
Description: 

Eagle Lake Landing is a 277-unit garden-style apartment community that consists of 9 three-story apartment buildings with a mix of one-, two- and three-bedroom homes totaling 16 different uni..



9. Preston Hills at Mill Creek
Location: Atlanta, Georgia 
Acquisition Date: 01-Mar-2015 
Description: 

Preston Hills at Mill Creek is a garden-style apartment community that consists of 17 three- and four-story apartment buildings with a mix of one-, two- and three-bedroom apartment homes. The..



8. Columns on Wetherington
Location: Florence, KY 
Acquisition Date: 26-Feb-2015 
Description: 

Columns on Wetherington is a garden-style apartment community that consists of 21 two- and three-story apartment buildings with a mix of two- and three-bedroom apartment homes. The homes feat..



7. Oasis
Location: Colorado Springs, CO 
Acquisition Date: 19-Dec-2014 
Description: Oasis is a garden-style apartment community that consists of 16 two- and three-story apartment buildings with a mix of one- and two-bedroom apartments. The apartment homes feature private balconi..



6. 1800 Barrett Lakes
Location: Atlanta, GA 
Acquisition Date: 25-Nov-2014 
Description: 1800 Barrett Lakes is a garden-style apartment community that consists of 39 two- and three-story apartment buildings with a mix of one-, two- and three- bedroom apartments. The apartments featur..



5. The Residences on McGinnis Ferry
Location: Suwanee, Georgia 
Acquisition Date: 16-Oct-2014 
Description: 

The Residences on McGinnis Ferry is a sprawling 86-acre apartment community that consists of two large phases. Phase I of McGinnis Ferry consists of 18 residential buildings built in 1998. In..



4. Terrace Cove
Location: Austin, Texas 
Acquisition Date: 28-Aug-2014 
Description: 

Terrace Cove is a garden-style apartment community that consists of 21 one-, two- and three-story apartment buildings with a mix of one- and two-bedroom apartments. The homes feature European..



3. Club at Summer Valley
Location: Austin, Texas 
Acquisition Date: 28-Aug-2014 
Description: 

Club at Summer Valley is a garden-style apartment community that consists of 12 two- and three-story apartment buildings, two-story townhouse-style buildings and three one-story cottage-style..



2. Harrison Place
Location: Indianapolis, IN 
Acquisition Date: 30-Jun-2014 
Description: 

Harrison Place is a garden-style apartment community that consists of 11 three-story and 34 one-story buildings with a mix of one-, two- and three-bedroom apartments and townhomes. The homes ..



1. Villages at Spring Hill
Location: Spring Hill, TN 
Acquisition Date: 22-May-2014 
Description: 

Villages at Spring Hill is a garden-style apartment community that consists of 15 two-story buildings with a mix of one-, two- and three-bedroom apartments and townhomes. The homes feature ki..

 
























Steadfast Apartment REIT III - Invest with us



































Steadfast Apartment REIT III 








 Home >	    / Invest With Us / STAR III | Invest With Us > Steadfast Apartment REIT III  
 Steadfast Apartment REIT IIISteadfast Apartment REIT (closed)Steadfast Income REIT (closed)
 






 
 

Steadfast Apartment REIT III
Steadfast Apartment REIT III is a non-traded Real Estate Investment Trust (REIT) that will focus primarily on meeting the
                                    growing needs of GenerationALL®—our term to describe the broadening demographic spectrum of young Millennials
                                    through aging Baby Boomers that are increasingly choosing to rent—by acquiring and managing a portfolio of quality
                                    midtier apartments and senior living facilities in targeted markets across the United States.
Steadfast Apartment REIT III’s objectives are to realize capital appreciation in the value of our investments over the
                                    long term, and to pay attractive and stable cash distributions to our shareholders.



Millennials   



Families with Children 



Baby Boomers 







 




Steadfast Apartment REIT III, Inc.


Prior to reviewing information specific to Steadfast Apartment REIT III, you must first receive and carefully review a copy of the prospectus. You may download a copy of the prospectus via the following link: download prospectus.
An investment in Steadfast Apartment REIT III involves a high degree of risk. You should purchase shares only if you can afford a loss of some or all of your investment.
Past performance is no indication of future results and there can be no assurance that Steadfast Apartment REIT III, Inc. (“Steadfast Apartment REIT III”) will be able to execute the business plan for the properties or the offering.

You should carefully consider the information set forth in the “Risk Factors” section of the prospectus for a discussion of material risk factors relevant to an investment in our common stock, including, but not limited to, the following:

We have a limited prior operating history; there is no assurance that we will successfully achieve our investment objectives. 
There is no public market for our shares and we are not obligated to effectuate a liquidity event by a certain date or at all. It will be difficult for you to sell your shares of common stock. If you are able to sell your shares, you will likely sell them at a substantial discount. 
This is a “blind pool” offering. You will not have the opportunity to evaluate our investments before we make them. 
You are limited in your ability to have all or any portion of your shares of our common stock repurchased under our share repurchase program, and, if you are able to have your shares repurchased, you may receive less than the price you paid for the shares and the then-current value of the shares. 
The repurchase of shares pursuant to our share repurchase program will have a dilutive effect on our existing stockholders. 
The amount of distributions we may make is uncertain. We have paid and may continue to pay distributions from sources other than our cash flow from operations. Distributions paid from sources other than our cash flow from operations represent a return of capital. We have not established a limit on the amount of proceeds from our public offering that we may use to fund distributions. This could result in fewer funds available for investments and your overall return may be reduced. 
The offering price of our shares was not established based upon appraisals of assets we own or may own; therefore, the offering price may not accurately reflect the value of our assets when you invest. 
We will depend upon our advisor to conduct our operations. Adverse changes in the financial health of our advisor could cause our operations to suffer. 
All of our executive officers and some of our directors are also officers, managers, directors and/or holders of a controlling interest in our advisor, the dealer manager and other sponsor-affiliated entities. They will face conflicts of interest, including conflicts created by compensation arrangements, time constraints and competition for investments. 
We pay substantial fees to our advisor and its affiliates, including the dealer manager. These fees were not negotiated at arm’s length and may be higher than fees payable to unaffiliated third parties. 
We may be obligated to pay our advisor a subordinated distribution upon termination or non-renewal of the advisory agreement, with or without cause, which may be substantial and therefore may discourage us from terminating the advisor. 
The success of our public offering depends on the ability of the dealer manager to successfully market our offering. If we raise substantially less than the maximum offering amount, we may not be able to invest in a diverse portfolio of assets and the value of your investment may vary more widely with the performance of specific assets. 
We may incur debt exceeding 75% of the aggregate cost of our assets. High debt levels increase the risk of your investment. Loans we obtain may be collateralized by some or all of our investments, which will put those investments at risk of forfeiture if we are unable to pay our debts. Principal and interest payments on these loans reduce the amount of money that would otherwise be available for other purposes. 
Failure to qualify as a REIT would adversely affect our operations and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders because we would be subject to U.S. federal income tax and applicable state and local income taxes at regular corporate rates and would be unable to deduct distributions made to our stockholders.


The underlying assumptions and any forward looking statements herein may not be accurate, the projections herein shown may not occur, and your performance may vary significantly. To the extent the information in this brochure conflicts with the information in the prospectus, the information in the prospectus shall govern.

Please acknowledge that you have received a copy of the prospectus and have had an opportunity to review the summary risk factors above
I Agree
I Disagree 



























Contact Us, Steadfast Capital Markets Group - Steadfast REITs



































Contact Us 







Request Information  

Our Team is ready to help. Fill in the information below and we will be in touch soon!


  
 
  
 
  
 
  
 
  
 
  
 
  
 
  
 
 
I am: *


 A financial professional
                                    
 A current/prospective investor
                                    
 Other
                                    
I have a question regarding: *


 Steadfast Apartment REIT III
                                    
 Steadfast Apartment REIT
                                    
 Steadfast Income REIT
                                    
 Other
                                    
 
Comments/Enquiries:


Enter the word verification in box below: *


 












 


Steadfast Capital Markets Group LLC
18100 Von Karman, Suite 500
                                             Irvine, CA 92612 
Phone Numbers:



Sales Desk

877-525-SCMG (7264)


Investor Relations

888-223-9951






Subscription Documents
                                                 Mailing Instructions
Regular Mail:
Steadfast
                                                 c/o DST Systems, Inc.
                                                 P.O. Box 219097
                                                 Kansas City, MO 64121-9097
Express/Overnight Delivery:
Steadfast
                                                 c/o DST Systems, Inc.
                                                 430 West 7th Street
                                                 Kansas City, MO 64105-1407































Steadfast Income REIT (closed) - Invest with us



































Steadfast Income REIT 








 Home >	    / Invest With Us / SIR | Invest With Us > Steadfast Income REIT  
 Steadfast Apartment REIT IIISteadfast Apartment REIT (closed)Steadfast Income REIT (closed)
 






 
 

Steadfast Income REIT
Steadfast Income REIT is a non-traded Real Estate Investment Trust (REIT) that closed its initial public offering on December
                                    20, 2013. Steadfast Income REIT targeted established, stable apartment communities with operating histories that demonstrated
                                    consistently high occupancy and income levels across market cycles. This strategy allowed us to build upon the performance
                                    of properties that exhibit strong fundamentals for the benefit of our investors.
Steadfast Income REIT’s objectives are to preserve, protect and return stockholders’ invested capital, pay attractive and
                                    stable distributions to stockholders and realize capital appreciation in the value of the investment over the long
                                    term. 

























Invest with Steadfast REITs, Steadfast Apartment REIT III - Real Estate Investment Strategy - Steadfast REITs








































 
 
 
 
 




 


GenerationALL®
America has become a "GenerationALL" renting society shaped by the two largest generations in U.S. history—Millennials and Baby Boomers.  Learn More 


 


Senior Rental Housing Demand
Demand for senior rental housing is expected to increase 57% by 2025.1  Learn More
1 National Multifamily Housing Council, NMHC Research Forum , April 2015 



 


Small Changes, Big Impact
Dramatic aesthetic improvements may be achieved with minimal additional capital.  Learn More 


 


Owners to Renters
Nearly 6 million Americans have switched from owners to RENTERS since 2004.  Learn More 


 


Home Ownership Rates
Homeownership rates in the United States are the LOWEST since 1967.  Learn More 










 
Current Offering
Steadfast Apartment REIT III will target markets that rank highly in key metrics that we believe have the greatest potential to
                            impact apartment growth. Click below to learn more. The Right Strategy 


 
Distribution Team
Steadfast Capital Markets Group is the securities and financial services division of Steadfast Companies, and was formed in 2009
                            to offer real estate-related investment offerings through the retail broker-dealer and institutional channels. Meet The Team 


 
Closed Offerings
Steadfast closed its 2nd REIT, Steadfast Apartment REIT (STAR), to new investments on March 24, 2016. STAR has invested over $1.2
                            billion in a diverse portfolio of apartments in targeted U.S. markets. Details and Updates 








 


Steadfast Apartment REIT III Client Presentation
Listen to our client-approved presentation for the Steadfast Apartment REIT III. This presentation will provide a narrated overview
                        of Steadfast Apartment REIT III, its investment strategy and offering highlights. View Now 







Housing America's 'GenerationALL' renters                         Millennials through Baby Boomers Learn More 






















Forms, Quick Navigation for our REITs - Steadfast REITs



































Forms, Investor Information, Prospectus
Quick links to important information on our various offerings









 Forms
 Investor Information
 Prospectus and Risk Factors
 




 Forms
 Investor Information
 Prospectus and Risk Factors
 




 Forms
 Investor Information
 Prospectus and Risk Factors
 

























Steadfast Income REIT, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 5:31 PM ET
Equity Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs)

Company Overview of Steadfast Income REIT, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Steadfast Income REIT, Inc operates as a subsidiary of Steadfast REIT Investments LLC.


18100 Von Karman AvenueSuite 500Irvine, CA 92612United StatesFounded in 2009



Phone: 949-852-0700

www.steadfastreits.com







Key Executives for Steadfast Income REIT, Inc.




Mr. Rodney F. Emery


      	Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President
      


Age: 67
        







Ms. Ella Shaw Neyland


      	President and Independent Director 
      


Age: 63
        







Mr. Kevin J. Keating CPA


      	Principal Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Treasurer
      


Age: 55
        







Ms. Ana Marie del Rio


      	Secretary
      


Age: 63
        







Mr. Richard Gann J.D.


      	Chief Marketing Officer
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Steadfast Income REIT, Inc. Key Developments

Steadfast Income REIT, Inc. Announces Unaudited Consolidated Earnings Results for the First Quarter Ended March 31, 2017
May 10 17
Steadfast Income REIT, Inc. announced unaudited consolidated earnings results for the first quarter ended March 31, 2017. For the quarter, the company reported total revenues of $54.280 million compared to $52.606 million a year ago. Net loss was $5.644 million or $0.07 basic and diluted per share compared to $3.618 million or $0.05 basic and diluted per share a year ago. FFO was $12.308 million compared to $13.329 million a year ago. MFFO was $12.628 million compared to $13.675 million a year ago. Net operating income was $28.276 million compared to $28.343 million a year ago. Net cash provided by operating activities was $10.9 million compared to $11.9 million for the three months ended March 31, 2016.


Steadfast Income REIT, Inc. Announces Consolidated Earnings Results for the Fourth Quarter and Full Year Ended December 31, 2016
Mar 16 17
Steadfast Income REIT, Inc. announced consolidated earnings results for the fourth quarter and full year ended December 31, 2016. For the full year, the company announced total revenues of $218,237,532 compared to $209,390,658 for the same period a year ago. Loss from continuing operations was $25,579,651 compared to $13,024,358 for the same period a year ago. Net loss was $25,579,651 compared to $13,024,358 for the same period a year ago. Loss per common share basic and diluted was $0.34 compared to $0.18 for the same period a year ago. FFO was $43,933,833 compared to $52,615,838 for the same period a year ago. MFFO was $49,117,817 compared to $55,143,904 for the same period a year ago. Reported net cash provided by operating activities of $54.3 million compared to $51.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2015. Net operating income was $113,675,575 compared to $112,345,930 for the same period a year ago.


For the quarter, the company announced net loss of $4,223,102 compared to $2,685,557 for the same period a year ago. Net operating income was $28,982,379 compared to $28,856,935 for the same period a year ago.


Steadfast Income REIT Inc. Reports Unaudited Consolidated Earnings Results for the Third Quarter and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016
Nov 14 16
Steadfast Income REIT Inc. reported unaudited consolidated earnings results for the third quarter and nine months ended September 30, 2016. For the quarter, the company reported total revenues of USD 56,371,925 compared to USD 53,166,421 a year ago. Net loss was USD 9,699,187 or USD 0.13 per basic and diluted share compared to USD 3,603,728 or USD 0.05 per basic and diluted share a year ago. MFFO was USD 11,683,363 compared to USD 13,626,060 a year ago. FFO was USD 7,860,754 compared to USD 12,892,658 a year ago. Net operating income was USD 28,234,520 compared to USD 27,961,843 a year ago. 

For the nine months, the company reported total revenues of USD 163,301,458 compared to USD 156,461,523 a year ago. Net loss was USD 21,356,546 or USD 0.28 per basic and diluted share compared to USD 10,338,802 or USD 0.14 per basic and diluted share a year ago. MFFO was USD 35,996,018 compared to USD 40,624,771 a year ago. FFO was USD 30,367,439 compared to USD 38,493,910 a year ago. Net operating income was USD 84,389,684 compared to USD 82,992,328 a year ago. Net cash provided by operating activities was USD 38.3 million compared to USD 36.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 American Realty Capital Healthcare Trust III, Inc. United States Arden Realty LP United States Camden Summit Partnership, L.P. United States FSP Innsbrook Corp. United States HCRI Tucson Properties, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Steadfast Income REIT, Inc., please visit www.steadfastreits.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Steadfast REIT Launches New Apartment REIT





























Steadfast REIT Launches New Apartment REIT
Fresh off the success of its first multi-family REIT, Steadfast REIT Investments is launching its second, Steadfast Apartment REIT, and beginning an initial public offering of $1.1 billion in common stock for the new REIT.

by Gail Kalinoski | Jan 03, 2014
Jan 03&comma; 2014






National


Investment


News







Facebook
Twitter
Google+
LinkedIn
Email




 Subscribe to CPE










Ella Shaw Neyland, of Steadfast Income REIT
Fresh off the success of its first multi-family REIT, Steadfast REIT Investments L.L.C. is launching its second, Steadfast Apartment REIT, Inc., and beginning an initial public offering of $1.1 billion in common stock for the new REIT.
Steadfast Apartment REIT, Inc., is offering up to $1 billion in shares of its common stock for sale at $15 per share and up to an additional $100 million in shares of its common stock under its distribution reinvestment plan at $14.25 per share, according to a news release.
The Irvine, Calif.,-based REIT intends to use the proceeds from the continuous IPO to acquire and operate “a diverse portfolio of well-positioned, institutional-quality apartment communities in targeted markets throughout the United States that have demonstrated high occupancy and income levels across market cycles,” according to the REIT’s release.
An affiliate of the Steadfast Cos., Steadfast REIT Investments is the sponsor of Steadfast Apartment REIT and the first multi-family REIT – Steadfast Income REIT, Inc. Steadfast Capital Markets Group, the securities and financial services division of Steadfast Companies, is the deal manager and will distribute the product through retail broker-dealers and investment advisors.
Steadfast Income REIT closed to new investors on Dec. 20, 2013. As of Dec. 31, the REIT’s portfolio included 63 properties acquired for more than $1.5 billion, a Steadfast spokesperson told Commercial Property Executive. The REIT had nearly 16,000 units in 11 Midwestern and Southern states, the spokesperson added.
The REIT had been active in Texas, Alabama, Indiana, Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Missouri, Oklahoma, Ohio and Tennessee.
In November, Steadfast Income REIT acquired a six-property portfolio in Houston that consisted of 1,692 units. The price was not disclosed for those assets but the REIT had paid $97 million for apartment communities in Houston, Dallas and Nashville in October.
Ella Shaw Neyland, president of Steadfast Income REIT, told CPE in a recent interview the firm preferred to focus on the central corridor of the United States rather than go after assets in higher-priced coastal communities or urban infill locations. Neyland said the REIT seeks multi-family communities in locations that have above-average job growth, limited new construction, good quality of life, and a strong local and diversified economy.
The new Steadfast Apartment REIT intends to follow a similar strategy, according to a prospectus filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. The SEC document also noted that Steadfast Apartment REIT plans to execute a “value-enhancement” strategy with about 30 to 40 percent of its portfolio. Those properties would be under-managed assets in high-demand neighborhoods that Steadfast would invest capital and reposition for better rents and resale values, the SEC filing stated.
“Although our primary focus will be the acquisition of multi-family properties, we may also selectively acquire debt collaterized by multi-family properties and securities of other companies owning multi-family properties, which we collectively refer to as real estate-related assets,” the REIT added in the SEC document.



Ella Shaw Neyland
Steadfast Income REIT

 



















Related Posts








On the Market: 5 Interesting Listings for July

26 July 2017 13:33









Blackstone Buys Clarion Events

26 July 2017 11:15









CRE Transaction Volume and Percent Change

24 July 2017 15:11









Trump Bump Gone, Optimism Still Prevails: RCLCO Survey

24 July 2017 09:53









AmbioPharm Invests in $18M Expansion

21 July 2017 15:08
















Top Stories







                    Sunfinity Solar: Solar Customers Shouldn’t Pay More for Elect…
                



28 July 2017 17:03







                    Center Core Buys Chicago-Area Office Campus
                



28 July 2017 17:01







                    GATX Moves to Chicago’s Willis Tower
                



28 July 2017 16:55







                    Sheraton DFW Airport Hotel Fetches $46M
                



28 July 2017 16:19







                    Kroger-Anchored Shopping Center Trades in Dallas
                



28 July 2017 14:10







More Top Stories






















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Steadfast Income Reit Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback
























steadfast income reit inc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Real Estate
Sub-Industry: REIT
Steadfast Income Reit, Inc. provides real estate investment services. The Company provides diverse portfolio of real estate investments focused primarily on the multifamily sector, including stable, income producing, and value added properties. Steadfast Income Reit serves customers in the United States.




Corporate Information
Address:

18100 Von Karman
Suite 500
Irvine, CA 92612
United States


Phone:
1-949-852-0700


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.steadfastreits.com





Board Members




Chairman/President/CEO
Company


Rodney Emery
Steadfast Income Reit Inc








President
Company


Ella Neyland
Steadfast Income Reit Inc








Board Members
Company












Show More
























From The Web











Key Executives


Ella Shaw Neyland


President







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data



































