
Security Check Required




FacebookJoin or Log Into Facebook   Email or PhonePasswordForgot account?Log InDo you want to join Facebook?Sign UpSign UpSecurity CheckPlease enter the text belowCan't read the text above?Try another text or an audio captchaText in the box:What's this?Security CheckThis is a standard security test that we use to prevent spammers from creating fake accounts and spamming users.SubmitEnglish (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017


    Ted Stedem | Yum Brands Inc. | ZoomInfo.com



People directory - Last Names - Stedem















 
Contact
Login










 Home
People Alphabetically
S

Stedem




People directory with over 600,000,000 names!

Please select a first name!

A Stedem
Anne Stedem
Anthony Stedem
Ashley Stedem
Brad Stedem
Bradford Stedem
Candace Stedem
Candice Stedem
Candy Stedem
Charles Stedem
Chris Stedem
Chrisopher Stedem
Christopher Stedem
Crystal Stedem
Dana Stedem
Daniel Stedem
Deanne Stedem
Diane Stedem
Don Stedem
Donald Stedem
Doris Stedem
Eddie Stedem
Edward Stedem
Edwin Stedem
Eileen Stedem
Eillen Stedem
Elizabeth Stedem
Erin Stedem
Florence Stedem
Frank Stedem
Helen Stedem
Hugg Stedem
James Stedem
Jenna Stedem
Jennifer Stedem
Jill Stedem
Jr Stedem
Julia Stedem
Kirk Stedem
L Stedem
Laurence Stedem
Lila Stedem
Linda Stedem
Louise Stedem
M Stedem
Marilyn Stedem
Marty Stedem
Michael Stedem
Mike Stedem
Nancy Stedem
Nola Stedem
P Stedem
Patricia Stedem
Phyllis Stedem
Rachell Stedem
Rachelle Stedem
Robin Stedem
Ryan Stedem
Sharron Stedem
Ted Stedem
Thomas Stedem
Timothy Stedem
Warren Stedem
William Stedem








 


 




1,379,043,021 total records available




Tweet





  Testimonials Read testimonials from real customers who already used our services. Read More

  Webmasters Earn 75% commission on every sale you drive to our website. Weekly payouts! Read More

   Mobile Version Visit us from your smart phone anywhere you are. Read More

   Recent Lookups Check out the most recent reverse phone lookups on PeopleByName.com Read More

 



 Home Mobile Version Phone Directory People Directory Remove information
 Terms of Service Privacy Policy Affiliate Program About Us 
 Member Login Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Testimonials 
 Careers Product & Services Volume Discounts Site Map 




© PeopleByName All Rights Reserved. 2010-2017







products | Search Results | TED.com































You have JavaScript disabled
For the best experience, please turn JavaScript on.
Here's how


















Search







All results


 1 - 12 of 725 results




R.A. Mashelkar: Breakthrough designs for ultra-low-cost products








Engineer RA Mashelkar shares three stories of ultra-low-cost design from India that use bottom-up rethinking, and some clever engineering, to bring expensive products (cars, prosthetics) into the realm of the possible for everyone.


http://www.ted.com/talks/r_a_mashelkar_breakthrough_designs_for_ultra_low_cost_products






Andras Forgacs | TED Speaker








Andras Forgacs produces animal products -- meat and leather -- without the animal.


Bioprinting entrepreneur


http://www.ted.com/speakers/andras_forgacs






Steve Howard | TED Speaker








Steve Howard leads the sustainability effort at Ikea, helping the low-price-furniture giant to bring sustainable products to millions of people.


Corporate innovator


http://www.ted.com/speakers/steve_howard






Steve Jobs | TED Speaker








As CEO of Apple, Steve Jobs spearheaded a few of the most iconic products in technology, entertainment and design.


Chairman of the Board, Apple


http://www.ted.com/speakers/steve_jobs






Kenneth Shinozuka | TED Speaker








Kenneth Shinozuka designs smart products ... He's been doing so since he was in kindergarten.


Smart product inventor


http://www.ted.com/speakers/kenneth_shinozuka






Richard Seymour | TED Speaker








As a partner in seymourpowell, Richard Seymour designs idea-driven products -- from household goods to trains and motorcycles.


Designer


http://www.ted.com/speakers/richard_seymour






Timothy Prestero | TED Speaker








Timothy Prestero loves a flashy "concept car." But in his own work, he aims to design products for social impact, keeping users in mind.


Designer


http://www.ted.com/speakers/timothy_prestero






Mick Mountz | TED Speaker








Mick Mountz is the founder and CEO of Kiva Systems, making high-tech products for fast, cheap and efficient inventory fulfillment. In March 2012, Kiva was acquired by Amazon.


CEO, Kiva Systems


http://www.ted.com/speakers/mick_mountz






Kate Stone | TED Speaker








At Novalia, Kate Stone and her team use ordinary printing presses to manufacture interactive electronics, which combine touch-sensitive ink technology and printed circuits into unique and cost-effective products.


Shepherd of electrons


http://www.ted.com/speakers/kate_stone






Mena Trott | TED Speaker








Mena Trott and her husband Ben founded Six Apart in a spare bedroom after the blogging software they developed grew beyond a hobby. With products Movable Type, TypePad, LiveJournal and Vox, the company has helped lead the "social media" revolution.


Blogger; cofounder, Six Apart


http://www.ted.com/speakers/mena_trott






Jan Chipchase | TED Speaker








As Executive Creative Director of global insights for frog design, Jan Chipchase travels around the world and inside our pockets in search of behavioral patterns that will inform the design of products we don't even know we want. Yet.


User anthropologist


http://www.ted.com/speakers/jan_chipchase






Kevin Surace | TED Speaker








Kevin Surace is looking at the climate crisis from an engineer's perspective -- and creating products that prove there's no piece of our daily lives we can't redesign to be cleaner and greener.


Engineer, executive


http://www.ted.com/speakers/kevin_surace





Previous|1|2|3|4|5…61|Next














Product design | TED.com






























You have JavaScript disabled
For the best experience, please turn JavaScript on.
Here's how









Product design

A collection of TED Talks (and more) on the topic of product design.






Video playlists about Product design



Design of useful things








13 talks
•
2h 37m

Quirky, fascinating talks about the design of practical things we all need, whether we know it or not.






Design giants








14 talks
•
4h  5m

From graphics to products, check out these talks by some of the world's greatest designers.






Designing for disability








10 talks
•
2h 19m

Good design -- and smart technology -- should fuel inclusivity. These talks show how tech and design can empower.








Talks about Product design







17:00



Tristan Harris


The manipulative tricks tech companies use to capture your attention




Posted

Jul 2017














13:58



Manu Prakash


Lifesaving scientific tools made of paper




Posted

Jul 2017














 9:57



Sinéad Burke


Why design should include everyone




Posted

Jun 2017














40:50



Elon Musk


The future we're building — and boring




Posted

Apr 2017














 6:01



Ashton Cofer


A young inventor's plan to recycle Styrofoam




Posted

Mar 2017














 8:44



Joy Buolamwini


How I'm fighting bias in algorithms




Posted

Mar 2017














15:23



Maurice Conti


The incredible inventions of intuitive AI




Posted

Feb 2017














 7:59



Deepika Kurup


A young scientist's quest for clean water




Posted

Jan 2017














12:00



Dan Bricklin


Meet the inventor of the electronic spreadsheet




Posted

Jan 2017














11:31



Wanis Kabbaj


What a driverless world could look like




Posted

Oct 2016














15:56



David Camarillo


Why helmets don't prevent concussions — and what might




Posted

Sep 2016














12:26



Olivier Scalabre


The next manufacturing revolution is here




Posted

Aug 2016














 7:20



Tom Hulme


What can we learn from shortcuts?




Posted

Jun 2016














14:55



Tristan Harris


How better tech could protect us from distraction




Posted

Jun 2016














 6:03



Laura Indolfi


Good news in the fight against pancreatic cancer




Posted

May 2016














11:26



Michael Bodekaer


This virtual lab will revolutionize science class




Posted

May 2016









See all 49 talks on Product design



Exclusive articles about Product design







16 objects you might find in a pawn shop in 2050
For most of us, trying to picture the future is a futile exercise that leads at best to some bad ideas that should likely never be shared out loud. For people like TED Fellow Ch...









The world’s best creative director: Nature

What’s that too-often quoted aphorism? “Good artists copy; great artists steal”? In this nuanced conversation, biologist and founder of Biomimicry 3.8 Janine Benyus speaks with...
























Ted Stedem - Chief Financial Officer at YUM! Restaurants (China) Investment Co. Ltd.



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Ted Stedem
Chief Financial Officer at YUM! Restaurants (China) Investment Co. Ltd.



Overview
In The News Relationships Paths
Career History Public Holdings 


Ted Stedem
Chief Financial Officer at YUM! Restaurants (China) Investment Co. Ltd.



 Overview



Age



44
                                  (Born 1973)
                                              




Notable Companies


YUM! Restaurants (China) Investment Co. Ltd.

Yum China Holdings, Inc.




Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 59 people.
              






 In The News
          See more




PR Newswire
April 21, 2017





                        Yum China Announces CFO Transition Plan: Jacky Lo Appointed as Interim CFO                    







 Relationships
              See Details




Muktesh Pant

Chief Executive Officer at Yum China Holdings, Inc.




Milind Pant

President at Pizza Hut International LLC





Shella Ng

Chief Legal Officer & Corporate Secretary at Yum China Holdings, Inc.




Paul Hill

Former Director & Controller at PepsiCo, Inc.





Mark Chu

Senior Advisor to the Chief Executive Officer at Yum China Holdings, Inc.




Angela Ai

Chief Development Officer at Yum China Holdings, Inc.





Christabel Lo

Chief People Officer at Yum China Holdings, Inc.




Sunny Sun

Chief Growth Officer at Yum China Holdings, Inc.





Joey Wat

President, Chief Operating Officer at Yum China Holdings, Inc.




Jacky Lo

Controller, Chief Financial & Accounting Officer at Yum China Holdings, Inc.







See 49 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 49 More 


 


 Paths to Ted Stedem



            Ted Stedem          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Ted Stedem






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Ted Stedem.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Career History



Chief Financial Officer

                                    2016 - Current                


YUM! Restaurants (China) Investment Co. Ltd.


                  YUM! Restaurants (China) Investment Co. Ltd. is a Chinese private company located in Shanghai. The firm operates a chain of restaurants, pizza huts, and pizza hut delivery stores. Muktesh Pant has been the CEO since 2015.                




Chief Financial Officer

                                    2016 - 2017                


Yum China Holdings, Inc.


                  Yum China Holdings, Inc. engages in the management of restaurants and fast food chains. It operates through the following segments: Kentucky Fried Chicken (\"\"KFC\"\"), Pizza Hut Casual Dining, and All Other Segments. The KFC segment owns and operates KFC stores. The Pizza Hut Casual Dining segment offers pizza, pasta, rice dishes, and beverages under the Pizza Hut brand. The All Other Segments segment includes Pizza Hut Home Service, East Dawning, and Little Sheep. The company was founded on April 1, 2016 and is headquartered in Plano, TX.                




Vice President, Finance

                                    Prior                


Yum! Restaurants International, Inc.


                  Yum! Restaurants International (YRI), based in Dallas, Texas is the largest division of Yum! Brands Inc. with 14,200 restaurants outside the U.S., China and India Divisions in over 120 countries. Come and join our 1,000+ strong family of international franchisees!

This is your opportunity to become part of the YUM! family and experience the power of big, category-leading brands! You can leverage our foodservice and multibranding experience to capitalize on market development opportunities.                





 Public Holdings






Restricted data only for RelSci Professional users.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Other Affiliations




              Ted Stedem is affiliated with
                            YUM! Restaurants (China) Investment Co. Ltd., Yum China Holdings, Inc., Yum! Restaurants International, Inc..
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤


















TED Pro Products






























































JavaScript seem to be disabled in your browser.
You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.







My Account

My Cart
Checkout
Log In






TED; electricity monitors designed by Energy, Inc.

Start Measuring. Start Saving.  Reduce your usage and electricity bills with TED!




Go











Shopping Cart
        -             $0.00


You have no items in your shopping cart.









Home




Home
Return to TED Website


 


Home
                                         » 
                        

TED Pro Products



 





TED Pro Products
TED Pro is designed to monitor a building's entire electricity usage. There are three main components sold in every TED Pro package:


Energy Control Center(ECC)

The Energy Control Center (ECC) is a state-of-the-art console that sits on your desk and collects and stores electricity data.  Embedded with Footprints Software and automatically storing 10 years of electricity data, the ECC is the brain of every TED system. 



Measuring Transmitting Unit(MTU)

The Measuring Transmitting Unit (MTU) is installed inside the breaker panel and communicates to the Energy Control Center via PLC or Ethernet. Currently, up to four MTUs can be used with each ECC. The MTU collects the reading from the Current Transformers.



Current Transformers(CTs)

The Current Transformers (CTs) are sensitive to one watt with a 1% accuracy.  By clamping around the main incoming conductors of the main breaker panel(s), these ultra sensitive CTs are able to pick up electricity and voltage readings.



TED Pro packages are designed to fit the main breaker panel of your building.  Start below by selecting the package that fits your building's main breaker panel. 
 NOTE: If you have multiple main breaker panels, have a unique setup, or want to view a detailed list of product specifications, please click here.



















YUMC SEC Filings Report for 11/03/2016 | News Quantified




























×






0
0
-0.000186219739292328
-0.000186219739292328
-0.000372439478584788
0
0
0





SECreport







Form 4 Yum China Holdings, Inc. For: Nov 01 Filed by: Stedem Ted



YUM CHINA HOLDINGS INC (YUMC) 
More Company Research
Source: SEC EDGAR




Last yum china holdings inc earnings: 7/5 04:30 pm
Check Earnings Report














IMPACT SNAPSHOT
EVENT TIME: 
YUMC






Last Price






Price Change








Price Change %








Volume Shares






Max Up






Max Down





Volume Ratio
%









Performance comparison
Updated 






EVENT DAY

Stock performance from the time of news release until the following 4pm ET market close



LAST PRICE AT NEWS EVENT




SINCE EVENT
Multi-day stock performance from the time of the news release






EVENT DAY

Stock performance from the time of news release until the following 4pm ET market close



LAST PRICE AT NEWS EVENT




SINCE EVENT
Multi-day stock performance from the time of the news release







LAST PRICE










VWAP








High: 

MAX UP


High: 





Low: 

MAX DOWN


Low: 








%


POST NEWS RANGE

%








PRICE CHANGE













PRICE CHANGE PERCENTAGE
















S&P 500 (SPX)










%





VOLUME RATIO

%











VOLUME (SHARES)










TICKS













AVG SHARES PER TRADE
















+

33.67%



YUMC's stock shoots +33.67% from 26.85-share to 35.89-share since news



via News Quantified

CLICK TO SHARE:












EVENT DAY


Event Day Chart will not be displayed beyond 90-day period of the event




PERFORMANCE SINCE EVENT





TIME AND VELOCITY ANALYSIS








Be the first to know
Opt in for alerts from News Quantifed


SIGN UP TODAY












In short, News Quantified specializes in matching financial news with market data. We've analyzed 10s of millions of news events and know exactly which ones have an outsized impact on stock prices. So every single time a news item is released we know
exactly what the average effect will be on a particular stock.


Subscribe
Stay in the know news, product updates and promotions.


Subscribe



Contact us

20715 N Pima Rd #F108  Scottsdale, AZ 85255


Email: info@newsquantified.com



Support

Disclaimers
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Contact Us



Information

Home
About Us
Services

Analyst Actions Elite
Institutions
Market Impact Report

Contact
Blog



Latest Posts

How to Find Big Gains on Positive Earnings Reports


One Monday, Three Great Trades


These Three Companies Are Set To Crush Wall Street’s Expectations


Three Diverse Plays from the 7-17 Trading Session


Using High Volume News to Find Big Gains: Three Pharma Plays




Copyright Ⓒ News Quanitifed LLC.
1.0.3








In short, News Quantified specializes in matching financial news with market data. We've analyzed 10s of millions of news events and know exactly which ones have an outsized impact on stock prices. So every single time a news item is released we know exactly what the average effect will be on a particular stock.


Latest Posts

How to Find Big Gains on Positive Earnings Reports


One Monday, Three Great Trades


These Three Companies Are Set To Crush Wall Street’s Expectations


Three Diverse Plays from the 7-17 Trading Session


Using High Volume News to Find Big Gains: Three Pharma Plays



Information

Home
About Us
Services

Analyst Actions Elite
Institutions
Market Impact Report

Contact
Blog



Support

Disclaimers
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Contact Us



Contact us

20715 N Pima Rd #F108  Scottsdale, AZ 85255


Email: info@newsquantified.com



Subscribe
Stay in the know news, product updates and promotions.


Subscribe




Copyright Ⓒ News Quanitifed LLC.
1.0.3










