    Ewout Steenbergen | Voya Financial , Inc. | ZoomInfo.com










 




	
        Compensation Information for Ewout L. Steenbergen , EVP & CFO of VOYA FINANCIAL INC | Salary.com
    


























Enterprise
Small Business
Personal




Contact Us
Log In


































Salaries
Jobs
Education
Advice
























 





Ewout L. Steenbergen 
Executive Compensation
As EVP & CFO at VOYA FINANCIAL INC, Ewout L. Steenbergen  made $4,034,274 in total compensation.  Of this total $532,671 was received as a salary, $0 was received as a bonus, $0 was received in stock options, $3,378,088 was awarded as stock and $123,515 came from other types of compensation. This information is according to proxy statements filed for the 2016 fiscal year. 


ENTER AN EXECUTIVE OR COMPANY NAME
New Search


Go



The chart on this page features a breakdown of the total annual pay for Ewout L. Steenbergen ,  EVP & CFO at VOYA FINANCIAL INC as reported in their proxy statements. 
Total Cash Compensation information is comprised of yearly Base Pay and Bonuses. VOYA FINANCIAL INC income statements for executive base pay and bonus are filed yearly with the SEC in the edgar filing system. VOYA FINANCIAL INC annual reports of executive compensation and pay are most commonly found in the Def 14a documents.
Total Equity aggregates grant date fair value of stock and option awards and long term incentives granted during the fiscal year.
Other Compensation covers all compensation-like awards that don't fit in any of these other standard categories. Numbers reported do not include change in pension value and non-qualified deferred compensation earnings.



Other Executives at this Company


Rodney O. Martin Jr.
Alain M. Karaoglan 
Michael S. Smith 
Charles P. Nelson 

Christine  Hurtsellers 






Ewout L. Steenbergen 


Base Pay$532,671
Bonus + Incentive Comp$0
Total Cash Compensation$532,671


Stock Award Value$3,378,088
Option Award Value$0
Total Equity$3,378,088



Total Other$123,515



Total Compensation$4,034,274




Browse Executives by First Name
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z


Browse Companies by Company Name
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
#



This report is not for commercial use. Thorough reviews have been conducted to assure this data accurately reflects disclosures. However for a complete and definitive understanding of the pay practices of any company, users should refer directly to the actual, complete proxy statement. 
Use of Data / Disclaimer
The information shown here is a reporting of information included in the company's proxy statement. The proxy statement includes footnotes and explanations of this information plus other information that is pertinent in assessing the overall value and appropriateness of the compensation information. For those interested in conducting a detailed compensation analysis, we recommend that you review the entire proxy statement. You may retrieve the full proxy statement by going to the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) website at www.sec.gov and entering the company's name and then looking in the first column for an entry of "Form DEF 14A" (or any similar code). You may also find the annual proxy statement by going directly to the company's website.
What is a proxy statement?
A proxy statement (or "proxy") is a form that every publicly traded U.S. company is required to file with the U.S. Securities & Exchange Commission (SEC) within 120 days after the end of its fiscal year. The proxy must be sent to every shareholder in advance of the company's annual shareholders meeting. All proxy statements are public filings made available to the general public by the SEC.
The proxy statement's main purpose is to alert shareholders to the annual meeting and provide them information about the issues that will be voted on during the annual meeting, including decisions such as electing directors, ratifying the selection of auditors, and other shareholder-related decisions, including shareholder-initiated initiatives. Also, proxies must disclose specific detailed information regarding the pay practices for certain executives.







    





 

 






     

privacy policy
terms of use
about us
contact us

©  Salary.com. All rights reserved.


US Salaries
Canadian Salaries
Purchase a Salary Report
Salaries by Category
Salaries by Income
Salaries by Industry
Popular Salaries
Negotiation Tips
Benefits Calculator
Search Job Openings
Job Openings by State
Job Openings by Category
Education by Career
Education by Level
Education by Major
Cost of Living Calculator
























 



Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft


















Ewout L. Steenbergen - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Ewout L. Steenbergen
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer at S&P Global, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Ewout L. Steenbergen? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Ewout L. Steenbergen's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Ewout L. Steenbergen's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Ewout L. Steenbergen's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Ewout L. Steenbergen through your network of contacts.
												








Ewout L. Steenbergen's Executive Work History


Current


Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, 
S&P Global, Inc.


Past
To view Ewout L. Steenbergen's complete executive work history, sign up now
Education


														 Master's, 
															University of Amsterdam


														 M.B.A., 
															University of Rochester


Age
47

 
 


Ewout L. Steenbergen's Biography




			Mr. Steenbergen, prior to becoming Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer at S&P Global in November 2016, was Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Voya Financial, Inc. Prior to his role as Voya's Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Steenbergen was Chief Financial Officer and Chief Risk Officer for ING Asia-Pacific and held a number of management roles for ING Group, including serving as regional general manager in Hong Kong and as a Chief Executive Officer of RVS, an ING Group company based in the Netherlands.
		
Source: S&P Global, Inc. on 02/09/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Ewout L. Steenbergen's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Ewout L. Steenbergen. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Ewout L. Steenbergen's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Ewout L. Steenbergen's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Ewout L. Steenbergen through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Ewout L. Steenbergen


















Ewout L. Steenbergen's Connections (63)





Sign up now to view Ewout L. Steenbergen's 63 connections »









Richard E. Thornburgh
Board Member, NewStar Financial, Inc.









Edward B. Rust
Board Member, S&P Global, Inc.









Douglas L. Peterson
President and Chief Executive Officer, S&P Global, Inc.









Ruth Ann M. Gillis
Board Member, KeyCorp









Kurt L. Schmoke
Board Member, Legg Mason, Inc.









Winfried F. Bischoff
Former Chairman, Citigroup Inc., Citigroup Inc.









D. Edward I. Smyth
Former Senior Vice President & Chief Administrative Officer, Heinz H. J.









Glenn S. Goldberg
Former President, Commodities & Commercial Markets McGraw Hill Financial, S&P Global, Inc.









Hilda Ochoa-Brillembourg
Former Board Member, S&P Global, Inc.









Michael Rake
Chairman of the Board, BT Group plc








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993













 





S&P Global | Ewout Steenbergen


































Who_We_Are
Leadership
















 

Back

















Share:





















                                            Ewout Steenbergen
                                        

                    Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer
                    

Ewout Steenbergen is Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (CFO) of S&P Global. As CFO, Mr. Steenbergen is responsible for all aspects of the Finance department, focused on growth and sustainable shareholder value. Moreover, he is responsible for Strategy & Corporate Development.
Mr. Steenbergen was appointed CFO of S&P Global in 2016. Previously, he was Executive Vice President and CFO of Voya Financial, Inc. Under Mr. Steenbergen's leadership, Voya successfully strengthened its balance sheet, de-risked its investment portfolio and executed a robust initial public offering in 2013.
Prior to his role as Voya's CFO, Mr. Steenbergen was CFO and Chief Risk Officer for ING Asia-Pacific and held a number of management roles for ING Group, including serving as regional general manager in Hong Kong and as a Chief Executive Officer of RVS, an ING Group company based in the Netherlands.  He has also held other international roles such as CEO of ING's Retail Business in the Czech and Slovak Republics and CEO of ING Nationale-Nederlanden Slovak Republic.
Mr. Steenbergen holds a master's degree in actuarial science from the University of Amsterdam and a master's degree in business administration from the University of Rochester and from Nyenrode University. He also serves on the Board of Directors of the U.S. Fund for UNICEF.













Filter









S&P Global Operating Committee



Market Intelligence



S&P Dow Jones Indices



Platts



Employee Profiles



Employee Groups





















Douglas L. Peterson

President and Chief Executive Officer,  S&P Global



















Ewout Steenbergen

Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer,  S&P Global



















Sue Avinir

Chief Operating Officer,  Platts



















James P. Bailey

Managing Director, Channel Management, S&P Dow JonesIndices 



















Alka Banerjee

Managing Director, Product Management, S&P Dow JonesIndices 



















John L. Berisford

President,  Ratings



















David Blitzer

Managing Director & Chairman of the Index Committee, S&P Dow JonesIndices 



















Andy Bose

Chief Product Officer,  Platts



















Matthew Bosrock

Executive Managing Director, Global Head of Developing Markets,  Ratings



















Nick Cafferillo

Chief Operating Officer,  Market Intelligence



















Brian Casey

Chief Strategy Officer,  Platts



















Martina Cheung

Head of Global Risk Services,  S&P Global



















Mike Chinn

President,  Market Intelligence



















Bo Chung

Managing Director, Client Coverage, S&P Dow JonesIndices 



















Sarah Cottle

Vice President,  Global Head of Metals and Agriculture and Co-Head of Commodity News & Pricing,  Platts







Load More
Back to Top






































 



 S&P Global Appoints Ewout Steenbergen Chief Financial Officer 
         










    










 













 











 



















S&P Global Appoints Ewout Steenbergen Chief Financial Officer
        																																						
              











 News provided by
S&P Global  
Oct 13, 2016, 08:00 ET









 Share this article




























































NEW YORK, Oct. 13, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- S&P Global (NYSE:    SPGI) today announced that Ewout Steenbergen has been appointed Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, effective November 14.  Mr. Steenbergen will be responsible for all aspects of the Finance department, focused on growth and sustainable shareholder value.








"Ewout is an excellent addition to our senior management team," said Douglas L. Peterson, President and Chief Executive Officer of S&P Global. "He brings outstanding leadership, a global perspective and deep experience in financial services that will be very valuable to the Company. I want to take this opportunity to thank Rob MacKay, who has served as Interim Chief Financial Officer since August.  Rob is a consummate professional who ensured that the finance organization was able to execute on its objectives and strategic priorities throughout this period."
Mr. Steenbergen will join S&P Global from Voya Financial, Inc. (NYSE:    VOYA) where he serves as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, a position he has held since 2010.  Voya is a Fortune 500 company serving the financial needs of approximately 13 million individual and institutional investors in the United States.  
Under Mr. Steenbergen's leadership, Voya successfully strengthened its balance sheet, de-risked its investment portfolio and executed a robust initial public offering in 2013.
Prior to his role as Voya's CFO, Mr. Steenbergen was CFO and Chief Risk Officer for ING Asia-Pacific and held a number of management roles for ING Group, including serving as regional general manager in Hong Kong and as a Chief Executive Officer of RVS, an ING Group company based in the Netherlands.  He has also held other international roles such as CEO of ING's Retail Business in the Czech and Slovak Republics and CEO of ING Nationale-Nederlanden Slovak Republic.
About S&P Global:S&P Global is a leading provider of transparent and independent ratings, benchmarks, analytics and data to the capital and commodity markets worldwide. The Company's divisions include S&P Global Ratings, S&P Global Market Intelligence, S&P Dow Jones Indices and S&P Global Platts. S&P Global has approximately 20,000 employees in 31 countries. For more information, visit www.spglobal.com.   
Contacts:
Chip Merritt Vice President, Investor Relations (212) 438-4321 (office) chip.merritt@spglobal.com
Jason FeuchtwangerDirector, Corporate Media Relations(212) 438-1247 (office)(347) 419-4169 (mobile)jason.feuchtwanger@spglobal.com
 
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/sp-global-appoints-ewout-steenbergen-chief-financial-officer-300344244.html
SOURCE S&P Global
 Related Links

http://www.spglobal.com



 












Oct 13, 2016, 14:30 ET
Preview: S&P Global Schedules 3rd Quarter 2016 Earnings Announcement/Conference Call for Thursday, November 3, 2016













Oct 05, 2016, 09:00 ET
Preview: S&P Global Calls for Funding U.S. Infrastructure with Repatriated Corporate Profits






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Also from this source




 

Jul 27, 2017, 07:10 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              S&P Global Reports Second Quarter Results








 

Jul 10, 2017, 15:00 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              S&P Global Schedules 2nd Quarter 2017 Earnings...





 Explore
 More news releases in similar topics

  Banking & Financial Services
Personnel Announcements








 You just read:
S&P Global Appoints Ewout Steenbergen Chief Financial Officer


 News provided by
S&P Global  
Oct 13, 2016, 08:00 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 




Executive Profile | S&P Global Inc. | Ewout L. Steenbergen | Customer Intelligence

































































                    Home
                  



					About Us	
                  



					Pricing	
                  



					Contact	
                  



					Resources	
                  



					Blog	
                  



Log In















 











Ewout L. Steenbergen 

		
		EVP and CFO, 

	
		 S&P Global Inc. 	

 
Last Updated: 11/19/2016 



Executive Summary
Steenbergen is Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of S&P Global Inc. (formerly McGraw Hill Financial Inc.), a global data and analytics firm based in New York City. He assumed the position in November 2016, shortly after the company decided to put away the textbooks it has long  
Personal Attributes and Interests

Steenbergen is married and has children.
Steenbergen is a member of the Dutch Society of Actuaries. 
Current Focus

Company Snapshot: S&P Global Inc. (formerly McGraw Hill Financial Inc.) is a global data and analytics firm based in New York City. Its divisions include S&P Global Ratings, S&P Global Market Intelligence, S 
Biographical Highlights

Born circa 1970.
Steenbergen holds a Master's degree in Actuarial Science from the University of Amsterdam and an MBA from the University of Rochester in 1998. 
Other Boards and Organizations

Member, Board of Trustees, Museum of American Finance (2011 - Present)

 





These companies are using Boardroom Insiders to close bigger deals, faster:























View Full Samples Now!














			WATCH OUR VIDEO
			



















© 2017 Boardroom Insiders, Inc. All rights reserved. 
All trademarks are the property of their respective owners.


Privacy Policy
Contact Us





















Ewout Steenbergen | Museum of American Finance


































Home
About
Contact
Shop



Search 










Plan Your Visit
Exhibits
Education
Publications & Collections
Events
News
Videos
Ways to Give







About: History
Origins
People
Internships and Jobs




Print
Share

 LinkedIn
 Twitter
 Facebook
 Google+
 Email







Ewout Steenbergen 


Ewout Steenbergen

Ewout Steenbergen serves as group Chief Financial Officer of Voya Financial (former ING U.S.). In this role, he is responsible for strategic finance, actuarial, risk management, capital planning, income taxes, financial reporting and treasury for Voya Financial. Prior to taking this role in January 2010, he served as Chief Financial Officer and Chief Risk Officer for ING Asia Pacific. Steenbergen has held a number of management roles for ING including serving as Regional General Manager in Hong Kong, and as CEO of RVS, an ING Group company based in the Netherlands that provides a broad range of insurance and pension products. He has been a member of the Museum's Board of Trustees since 2011.











