


Glenn Steele - xG Health Solutions
































































































 
















 



 






email: info@xghealth.com
call: 800-881-0582
 



Follow us:

xG Portal Login
 






 

















 




















 








Search:





 













Related Resources: 
 
Catholic Health Services of Long Island Selects xG Health Solutions
 
Healthcare Innovator Glenn D. Steele, Jr., MD, PhD, Joins City of Hope Board of Directors
 
Improving the Quality and Efficiency of Care for Older Adults: Lessons From the Field
 
Geisinger to Present “A Century of Transformation and Innovation” Centennial Symposia
 
A Proven New Model for Reimbursing Physicians
 
Innovations in Care Delivery
 
Feasibility and Impact of an Evidenced-Based Program for Gastric Bypass Surgery



More resources




Reduced Acute Inpatient Care Was Largest Savings Component of Geisinger Health System’s Patient-Centered Medical Home
 
Geisinger’s Second Century of Innovation: Health System Spreading Best Practices Through New Company
 
Delivering Change for Accountable Care Organizations
 
Geisinger, xG Health Solutions to Advance Open Health Care Application Ecosystem
 
Reengineering Acute Episodic Chronic Care Delivery
 
Reducing Long-Term Cost by Transforming Primary Care
 
Value and the Medical Home: Effects of Transformed Primary Care
 
xG Health Solutions Celebrates One Year Anniversary
 
Geisinger Launches xG Health Solutions
 
Modeling Excellence through Innovation




 







Glenn D. Steele, Jr.   
MD, PhD, Chair
Contact: gsteele@xghealth.com
Call: 443-276-0628

 


Glenn D. Steele, Jr., MD, PhD, is the Chairman of xG Health Solutions. From 2001-2015, he served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Geisinger Health System, an integrated health services organization nationally recognized for the development and implementation of innovative care models.
 
Glenn previously served as Dean of the Biological Sciences Division and the Pritzker School of Medicine and Vice President for Medical Affairs at the University of Chicago, as well as the Richard T. Crane Professor in the Department of Surgery. Prior to that, he was the William V. McDermott Professor of Surgery at Harvard Medical School, President and Chief Executive Officer of Deaconess Professional Practice Group, Boston, MA., and Chairman of the Department of Surgery at New England Deaconess Hospital, Boston, MA. Glenn is past Chairman of the American Board of Surgery. His investigations have focused on the cell biology of gastrointestinal cancer and pre-cancer, and most recently on innovations in healthcare delivery and financing. A prolific writer, he is the author or co-author of more than 490 scientific and professional articles.
 
A member of the National Academy of Medicine, Glenn serves as a member of the Roundtable on Value and Science-driven Healthcare, the Committee on the Governance and Financing of Graduate Medical Education, the Vital Directions for Health and Health Care Steering Committee, and previously served on the Committee on Reviewing Evidence to Identify Highly Effective Clinical Services (HECS). A fellow of the American College of Surgeons, he is a member of the American Surgical Association, the American Society of Clinical Oncology, and Past President of the Society of Surgical Oncology.
 
Glenn serves on the following boards and national committees: Vice Chair, Health Transformation Alliance; Director, City of Hope; Member, Emory University’s Healthcare Innovation Program (HIP) External Advisory Board; Director, Ingenious Med; Director, PTC Therapeutics; Director, Stratus Video; Member, the Peterson Center on Healthcare Advisory Board; Director, Synaptive Medical; and Director, Wellcare Health Plans Inc.
 
Glenn received his bachelor’s degree in history and literature from Harvard College and his medical degree from New York University School of Medicine. He completed his internship and residency in surgery at the University of Colorado, where he was also a fellow of the American Cancer Society. He earned his doctorate in microbiology at Lund University in Sweden.

 














 








Rocky Edmondson RN, BSN, MBA, CCRN
Senior Director, Bundled Payments, Care Redesign and Management Advisors, xG Health Solutions
Rocky Edmondson is the Senior Director of Bundled Payments for Care Redesign and Management Advisors at xG Health Solutions. Rocky has been involved in workflow redesign, program implementation, and analytic evaluation of Bundled Payment Programs across the country, and he coaches Hospitals, Health Systems, Post-Acute Providers, and Physician Groups on how to successfully implement care redesign in the Bundled Payment for Care Improvement (BPCI) and CJR Programs.
Rocky’s passion is helping people to understand the intricacies of Bundled Payment Programs. He has a talent for teaching people how to cut through all the noise and just do the things that matter to be successful in these programs.
Rocky holds an Associate’s Degree in Nursing from the University of Hawaii Maui, and a Bachelor’s Degree in Nursing and a Master’s Degree in Business Administration (MBA) from Boise State University.
Prior to joining xG Health Solutions, Rocky was the Southeast Region Director of Clinical Operations for Remedy Partners, overseeing program design, implementation and analytic evaluations for Bundled Payment Programs. Prior to embarking on a career in Bundled Payments, Rocky was a Registered Nurse for 18 years, working in a number of positions within Critical Care. Before becoming a Nurse, Rocky was an Institutional Broker at Merrill Lynch and advised a number of healthcare systems and large corporations on cash management strategies. In addition, Rocky has started several businesses and provided consulting for small business startups. Rocky served in the U.S. Marine Corps as a Recon Marine.





 








Janet Comrey RN, BSN, MHSA
Director, Population Health Solutions, Geisinger Health System
Janet Comrey, RN, BSN, MHSA has over 30 years of diversified nursing and leadership experience at Geisinger Health system and currently serves as Director of a small department embedded within Population Health. One of her key roles is managing the Bundle Payment for Care Improvement (BPCI) program since January 2014 earning an overall positive net payment reconciliation to date. Janet also serves as the coordinator for Project Achieve at Geisinger which is a national PCORI funded study related to patient’s perceptions of transitions of care.
Janet received her nursing education through Geisinger’s diploma program, her BSN through Bloomsburg University, and later earned her graduate degree from Marywood University. During her tenure at Geisinger she taught quality improvement methodology and facilitated improvement teams the Geisinger Quality Institute. She is currently enrolled in the Institute for Healthcare Improvement Advisory program.
Professional memberships include Sigma Theta Tau, Phi Kappa Phi, American Society for Quality.





 














 








Andrew Blackmon, MBA, MHS
Chief Sales and Business Development Officer
Chief Sales and Business Development Officer Andrew Blackmon, MBA, MHS, has more than 18 years of experience in healthcare product sales, marketing, and strategy.
Before joining xG Health, Andrew was vice president of sales for population health and risk management solutions at McKesson. He came to McKesson through acquisition of MedVentive, an early population health vendor. Before MedVentive, he served as vice president of enterprise solutions development at MedAssets. He is a past president of the Georgia chapter of HIMSS, and he has held strategy and planning positions at PricewaterhouseCoopers and Orlando Health.
Andrew has an MBA and a Master’s of Health Science from the University of Florida Warrington, College of Business, and a Bachelor of Arts degree in Psychology from Rollins College.





 














 








Holly Barbella, RN, MBA 
Risk Coordinator, Geisinger Health System
fuvb ekfhve v
effvef
ve
fffv
efv
ef





 








Earl P. Steinberg, MD, MPP
Chief Executive Officer
Earl P. Steinberg, MD, MPP, is a nationally recognized expert in healthcare quality improvement and serves as xG Health’s chief executive officer. Earl also is an adjunct professor of Medicine and of Health Policy and Management at Johns Hopkins University and a member of Blue Cross/Blue Shield Association’s National Medical Advisory Panel.
Before joining xG Health, Earl was executive vice president of Innovation & Dissemination, and chief, Healthcare Solutions Enterprise at Geisinger Health System.
Before joining Geisinger, he was senior vice president for Clinical Strategy, Quality & Outcomes at WellPoint, Inc., the largest commercial health insurer by membership in the US, and president and CEO of Resolution Health Inc. (RHI), a leading healthcare data analysis company that provides innovative quality improvement and cost reduction services to health plans, employers, pharmacy benefit managers, and disease management companies.
Before joining RHI, Earl spent six years as vice president of Covance Health Economics and Outcomes Services Inc., director of its Quality Assessment and Improvement Systems Division, and co-director of its Outcomes Studies Group. He also spent 12 years on the full-time faculty at Johns Hopkins University, where he was professor of Medicine and of Health Policy and Management and director of the Johns Hopkins Program for Medical Technology and Practice Assessment, and four years on the Federal Physician Payment Review Commission. He co-chaired the Institute of Medicine’s panel on Standards for Development of Trustworthy Practice Guidelines.
Earl has received many awards, including the Henry J. Kaiser Family Foundation Faculty Scholar Award in General Internal Medicine (1984), the “Outstanding Young Investigator” Award from the Association for Health Services Research (1988), and a Special Presidential Visionary Award from the National Kidney Foundation (NFK) (2004) for his work as the scientific director of the NKF’s landmark Kidney Disease Outcomes and Quality Initiative, which produced more than 250 clinical practice guidelines for management of patients with end-stage renal disease. He also is a fellow of both the American College of Physicians and AcademyHealth, and he has published more than 125 articles in peer-reviewed journals.
Earl received his AB from Harvard College (summa cum laude), his medical degree from Harvard Medical School, and a Master of Public Policy from the Kennedy School of Government. He performed his residency training in internal medicine at Massachusetts General Hospital.






 


















































National Health Policy Forum | Glenn D. Steele, Jr., MD, PhD






































About the Forum

Products
 Meetings Publications Site Visits


Resources

Health Policy Essentials
HIRP

Sponsors

Contact






Home > Resources > Glenn D. Steele, Jr., MD, PhD





Aging & Disability


Medicaid & CHIP


Medicare


Private Markets


Public Health


Quality


Safety Net


Workforce






Resources

				Glenn D. Steele, Jr., MD, PhD
			


President and Chief Executive Officer
100 North Academy Avenue
Danville, PA  17822
E-mail: gsteele@geisinger.edu
Glenn D. Steele, Jr., MD, PhD, is president and chief executive officer of Geisinger Health System. Dr. Steele previously
served as the dean of the Biological Sciences Division and the Pritzker School
of Medicine and as vice president for medical affairs at the University of
Chicago, as well as the Richard T. Crane Professor in the Department of
Surgery. Prior to that, he was the William V. McDermott Professor of Surgery at
Harvard Medical School, president and chief executive officer of Deaconess
Professional Practice Group, Boston, MA, and chairman of the department of
surgery at New England Deaconess Hospital (Boston, MA).  Widely recognized for his investigations into the treatment of primary and metastatic liver cancer and colorectal cancer surgery, Dr. Steele is past chairman of the American Board of
Surgery.  He serves on the
editorial board of numerous prominent medical journals.  His investigations have focused on the
cell biology of gastrointestinal cancer and pre-cancer and most recently on
innovations in healthcare delivery and financing.  A prolific writer, he is the author or  co-author of more
than 476 scientific and professional articles.
Dr. Steele received his bachelor’s degree in history
and literature from Harvard University and his medical degree from New York
University School of Medicine.  He
completed his internship and residency in surgery at the University of
Colorado, where he was also a fellow of the American Cancer Society.  He earned his PhD degree in microbiology at
Lund University in Sweden. He is a
member of the Institute of Medicine of the National Academy of Sciences and
served on their Committee on Reviewing Evidence to Identify Highly Effective
Clinical Services (HECS), the New England Surgical Society, a fellow of the
American College of Surgeons, the American Surgical Association, the American
Society of Clinical Oncology, and past president of the Society of Surgical
Oncology. He was a member of the National Advisory Committee for Rural Health,
the Pennsylvania Cancer Control Consortium and is presently a member of the
Healthcare Executives Network, the Commonwealth Fund’s Commission on a High
Performance Health System, and served as a member of the National Committee for
Quality Assurance’s (NCQA) Committee on Performance Measurement.  Dr. Steele serves on several boards
including Bucknell University’s Board of Trustees, Temple University School of
Medicine’s Board of Visitors, Premier, Inc (Vice Chair), Weis Markets, Inc.,
and Wellcare Health Plans, Inc. Dr. Steele was recently appointed to serve on
The Hospital & Healthsystem Association of Pennsylvania (HAP) Board of
Directors, the Harvard Medical Faculty Physicians Board at Beth Israel
Deaconess Medical Center and Cepheid’s Board
of Directors. Dr.
Steele previously served on the American Hospital Association’s Board of
Trustees, Executive Committee, the AHA Systems Governing Council (Chair), and the
AHA Long-Range Policy Committee. He will serve as a member on the AHA Committee
on Research. Dr. Steele is currently Honorary Chair of the Pennsylvania March
of Dimes Prematurity Campaign, served on the Healthcare Financial Management
Association’s Healthcare Leadership Council, the Northeast Regional Cancer
Institute, the Global Conference Institute, and previously served on the Simon
School of Business Advisory Board (University of Rochester) 2002 - 2007.
In 2006 Dr. Steele received the CEO IT Achievement Award, given by Modern Healthcare and the Healthcare
Information and Management Systems Society (HIMSS) for promoting health information
technology.  In 2007, Dr. Steele
received AHA’s Grassroots Champion Award and was named to Modern Healthcare’s
50 Most Powerful Physician Executives in Healthcare. He was recognized by "Modern
Healthcare’s 100 Most Powerful People in Healthcare" in 2009, 2010 and 2011.
Dr. Steele received the 8th Annual 2010 AHA Health Research &
Education Trust Award. The HRET award honors individuals who exhibit visionary
leadership in healthcare and who symbolize HRET's mission of leveraging
research and education to make a dramatic impact in policy and practice. Dr.
Steele was awarded the HFMA Board of Directors’ Award in 2011.




↑ back to top



Browse Topics 







NATIONAL HEALTH POLICY FORUM




Home
About the Forum
Products
Resources
Sponsors
Contact Us





























Glenn D. Steele, Jr., M.D., Ph.D. | The Mongan Commonwealth Fund Fellowship in Minority Health Policy






















 






Search form

Search 





 
 














 














Curriculum


General Requirements
Leadership Forums
Seminars
Practicum
Site Visits
Shadowing
Journal Club
Annual Meeting


 




You are here

Glenn D. Steele, Jr., M.D., Ph.D. 



 Glenn D. Steele, Jr., M.D., Ph.D.
President and Chief Executive Officer
	Geisinger Health System
GLENN D. STEELE JR., MD, PHD, is President and Chief Executive Officer of Geisinger Health System, an integrated health services organization in central and northeastern Pennsylvania nationally recognized for its innovative use of electronic health record and the development and implementation of innovative care models.  Dr. Steele previously served as the dean of the Biological Sciences Division and the Pritzker School of Medicine and vice president for medical affairs at the University of Chicago, as well as the Richard T. Crane Professor in the Department of Surgery. Prior to that, he was the William V. McDermott Professor of Surgery at Harvard Medical School, president and chief executive officer of Deaconess Professional Practice Group, Boston, MA, and chairman of the department of surgery at New England Deaconess Hospital (Boston, MA).  Dr. Steele is past Chairman of the American Board of Surgery.   His investigations have focused on the cell biology of gastrointestinal cancer and pre-cancer and most recently on innovations in healthcare delivery and financing. A prolific writer, he is the author or co-author of more than 481 scientific and professional articles.
A member of the Institute of Medicine of the National Academy of Sciences, Dr. Steele serves as a member on the Roundtable on Value and Science-driven Healthcare, was recently appointed to the Committee on the Governance and Financing of Graduate Medical Education and previously served on the Committee on Reviewing Evidence to Identify Highly Effective Clinical Services (HECS). A fellow of the American College of Surgeons, Dr. Steele is a member of the American Surgical Association, the American Society of Clinical Oncology, and past president of the Society of Surgical Oncology.  Dr. Steele also serves on numerous  boards and national committees and is the recipient of several awards, including the CEO IT Achievement Award (2006); AHA’s Grassroots Champion Award (2007); 8th Annual (2010) AHA Health Research & Education Trust Award and HFMA Board of Directors’ Award (2011). He has been named consecutive times to Modern Healthcare’s 50 Most Powerful Physician Executives in Healthcare, the “100 Most Powerful People in Healthcare”, and among Becker’s Hospital Review’s 100 Non-Profit Hospital, Health System CEOs to Know List (2012).
Dr. Steele received his bachelor’s degree in history and literature from Harvard University and his medical degree from New York University School of Medicine.  He completed his internship and residency in surgery at the University of Colorado, where he was also a fellow of the American Cancer Society.  He earned his Ph.D. in microbiology at Lund University in Sweden. 
 
 


 














Home
About
Fellows
Curriculum
Publications
News
How to Apply
Resources
Contact
DICP Home


 





 
 























Glenn D. Steele, Jr. - NEJM Catalyst









































 








































« Back to all Thought Leaders








Thought Leader, New Marketplace 
Glenn D. Steele, Jr., MD, PhD 
ChairmanxG Health Solutions



Glenn D. Steele Jr., MD, PhD serves as Chairman of xG Health Solutions, an independently operated venture launched by Geisinger Health System to help healthcare organizations create value and improve quality, leveraging Geisinger intellectual property and expertise. Dr. Steele is the former President and Chief Executive Officer of Geisinger Health System, an integrated health services organization in central and northeastern Pennsylvania recognized for its innovative use of the electronic health record and the development and implementation of innovative care models.
Prior to Geisinger Health System, he served as Richard T. Crane Professor in the Department of Surgery, University of Chicago, Vice President for Medical Affairs, and Dean of the Division of Biological Sciences and the Pritzker School of Medicine. Prior to that, he was the William V. McDermott Professor of Surgery at Harvard Medical School, President and Chief Executive Officer of Deaconess Professional Practice Group and Chairman of the Department of Surgery at New England Deaconess Hospital.
Dr. Steele received his bachelor’s degree in history and literature from Harvard College and his medical degree from New York University School of Medicine. He completed his internship and residency in surgery at the University of Colorado. Dr. Steele earned his Ph.D. in microbiology at Lund University in Sweden.






New Marketplace 2015

Turning Health Plan Acquisition into Partnership
Clip by
Lawrence Casalino, Glenn D. Steele, Jr. & Sharon Levine    
What would it take for health plan acquisition of medical groups to work?



New Marketplace 2015

When Do Provider-Sponsored Health Plans Make Sense? Part 2
Interview by
Glenn D. Steele, Jr. & Leemore Dafny 
Why should providers form a Medicare Advantage plan?



New Marketplace 2015

When Do Provider-Sponsored Health Plans Make Sense? Part 1
Interview by
Glenn D. Steele, Jr. & Leemore Dafny 
Fee for service is going to disappear, causing many to be faced with a choice.




New Marketplace 2015

The Payer-Provider Sweet Spot
Talk by
Glenn D. Steele, Jr. 
Payer-provider trust starts with a conversation about optimal outcomes.
















Insights Council
Have a voice. Join other health care leaders effecting change, shaping tomorrow. 



























 




































	Former Geisinger Health System CEO Glenn D. Steele, Jr., MD, PhD, Earns National Innovation Award > Hospital Association of Pennsylvania

































Menu








Search

















Login to view your account.
Don't have an account? Click here.







Forget Password?







Loading...










Login









Share












Newsroom










Inside Newsroom


News


Today's News Clips


Media


HIPAA Guidelines


Reports & Fact Sheets




Blog Postings






News


Today's News Clips


Media


HIPAA Guidelines


Reports & Fact Sheets




Blog Postings






News Categories















See all HAP News
See all DVHC News






Advocacy Issues




Access to CareFederal AdvocacyHealth Care Facility LicensureHealth Insurance Coverage ExpansionHospital Operations and OversightInsurer Market ConductMedical Liability ReformState FundingTax-Exempt StatusWorkforce and Administrative Requirements












Initiatives




Emergency PreparednessEnd-of-Life Care PlanningHealth ITHealth ReformImproving Patient ExperienceIncreasing TransparencyIntegrating CareOpioid CrisisPhysicians LeadershipPopulation HealthTelehealthValue Based Payment












Quality & Safety




Culture of SafetyPatient Care TransitionsPatient Harm PreventionPreventing Patient Infections

















Former Geisinger Health System CEO Glenn D. Steele, Jr., MD, PhD, Earns National Innovation Award 
May 08, 2015
The Hospital & Healthsystem Association of Pennsylvania (HAP) is pleased to announce that a recipient of the national Justin Ford Kimball Innovators Award is one who has dedicated much of his work to the betterment of health care delivery in the commonwealth.
Glenn D. Steele, Jr., MD, PhD, former president and chief executive officer at Geisinger Health System, received the award at the American Hospital Association’s (AHA) Annual Membership Meeting on May 4 in Washington, D.C.
The Justin Ford Kimball Innovators Award recognizes people or organizations that have developed or introduced an influential, innovative approach to health care financing and/or health care delivery to improve access or coordination of care.
Serving as Geisinger’s chief executive officer from 2001 until April 30, 2015, Dr. Steele is known for the innovative approach he took to leading the system. His emphasis on value-based care and quality reverberates through the system that serves more than 3 million residents in 48 Pennsylvania counties.
Dr. Steele is continuing work as chairman of xG Health Solutions, an independently operated venture based in Columbia, Maryland, that helps health care organizations across the United States and in other countries create value and improve quality.
“Glenn is an innovative health care leader who is blazing a trail for others in the field statewide and nationally,” said HAP’s President and CEO Andy Carter.
“He has changed the way many of us think about health care delivery through his forward-thinking models of quality improvement, evidence-based medicine, integration, health information technology, and population health. He is a health care champion and is especially well-deserving of this important AHA award.”
As a clinician, Dr. Steele studied treatment of liver cancer, colorectal cancer surgery, the cell biology of gastrointestinal cancer and pre-cancer. He authored or co-authored nearly 500 scientific and professional articles.
Prior to coming to Geisinger, Dr. Steele held a number of roles at the University of Chicago, including professor in the department of surgery, vice president for medical affairs, dean of the division of biological sciences and the Pritzker School of Medicine.
Dr. Steele is a member of the Institute of Medicine (IOM) of the National Academy of Science. For the IOM, he sits on the Roundtable on Value and Science-Driven Health Care and the Committee on Governance and Financing of Graduation Medical Education.
He previously served on the Commonwealth Fund’s Commission on a High Performance Health System and the National Committee for Quality Assurance’s Committee on Performance Improvement.
CONTACT
Katie Byrnes
(717) 561-5342
kbyrnes@haponline.org
Twitter: @HAP_Media



Categories:  HAP,  Press Release




Back to News >


























Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn


« Close
































	Glenn D. Steele, MD, PhD : Health and Medicine Division











































Health and Medicine Division








Explore by Topic
Aging
Biomedical and Health Research
Children, Youth and Families
Diseases
Ebola
Education
Environmental Health
Food and Nutrition
Global Health
Health Care Workforce
Health Security
Health Services, Coverage, and Access
Military and Veterans Health
Public Health
Quality and Patient Safety
Select Populations and Health Disparities
Substance Use and Mental Health
Vaccines
Women's Health


























 Print











 Print


Member Profiles


Glenn D. Steele, MD, PhD









     
Glenn D. Steele Jr., MD, PhD, is President and Chief Executive Officer of Geisinger Health System. Dr. Steele joined Geisinger Health System as President and Chief Executive Officer on March 1, 2001. He arrived at Geisinger from the University of Chicago, where he served as Richard T. Crane Professor in the Department of Surgery, Vice President for Medical Affairs, and Dean of the Division of Biological Sciences Division and the Pritzker School of Medicine.Prior to that, he was the William V. McDermott Professor of Surgery at Harvard Medical School, President and Chief Executive Officer of Deaconess Professional Practice Group and Chairman of the Department of Surgery at New England Deaconess Hospital.Widely recognized for his investigations into the treatment of primary and metastatic liver cancer and colorectal cancer surgery, Dr. Steele is past Chairman of the American Board of Surgery. He serves on the editorial board of numerous prominent medical journals. His investigations have focused on the cell biology of gastrointestinal cancer and pre-cancer. Most recently, he has concentrated on innovations in healthcare delivery and financing. A prolific writer, he is the author or co-author of more than 460 scientific and professional articles. 


Back to Activity





Member Profiles


Mark B. McClellan, MD, PhD (Chair)
Paul Bleicher, MD, PHD
David Blumenthal, MD, MPP
Bruce C. Bodaken, MPhil
Paul Chew, MD
Helen Darling, MA
Susan DeVore
Judith Faulkner, MS
Thomas Frieden, MD, MPH
Patricia A. Gabow, MD
Atul Gawande, MD, MPH
Gary L. Gottlieb, MD, MBA
James A. Guest, JD
George C. Halvorson
James Heywood
Ralph I. Horwitz, MD, MACP
Paul Hudson
Brent C. James, MD, Mstat
Craig A. Jones, MD
Gary Kaplan, MD
Darrell Kirch, MD
Richard Larson, PhD
James L. Madara, MD
Mary D. Naylor, PhD, RN
William D. Novelli, MA
Sam Nussbaum, MD
Jonathan B. Perlin, MD, PhD
Robert A. Petzel, MD
Richard Platt, MD, MS
John W. Rowe, MD
Joe Selby, MD, MPH
Mark D. Smith, MD, MBA
Marilyn Tavenner, MHA, RN
Reed V. Tuckson, MD
Mary Wakefield, PhD, RN
Debra Whitman, PhD
Jonathan Woodson, MD






Stay up to date!

Sign up to receive e-mail updates about HMD's work. 

Sign Up Now







Activity Staff


J. Michael McGinnis, Activity Director




View Full Activity Staff Roster


Mina Bakhtiar
Diedtra Henderson
Elizabeth Johnston
Elizabeth Malphrus










Activity Contact Information


For More Information Contact
Marianne  Hamilton Lopez

Phone:

Fax:

E-mail:
mlopez@nas.edu



Mailing Address

Keck Center500 Fifth St. NWWashington, DC  20001



























Glenn D. Steele Joins City of Hope Board of Directors







































































































 
















 



 






email: info@xghealth.com
call: 800-881-0582
 



Follow us:

xG Portal Login
 






 

















 




















 








Search:





 














 


03 Nov Healthcare Innovator Glenn D. Steele, Jr., MD, PhD, Joins City of Hope Board of Directors

Posted at 21:00h
							in News 
								by								xghealth


On November 3, 2015, Glenn D. Steele, Jr., MD, PhD, chair of xG Health Solutions, was appointed to the City of Hope Board of Directors beginning January 1, 2016. Dr. Steele’s new position extends xG Health’s leadership vision, innovation, and commitment to improving care delivery. To read the full feature, click here.

 


  













 








Rocky Edmondson RN, BSN, MBA, CCRN
Senior Director, Bundled Payments, Care Redesign and Management Advisors, xG Health Solutions
Rocky Edmondson is the Senior Director of Bundled Payments for Care Redesign and Management Advisors at xG Health Solutions. Rocky has been involved in workflow redesign, program implementation, and analytic evaluation of Bundled Payment Programs across the country, and he coaches Hospitals, Health Systems, Post-Acute Providers, and Physician Groups on how to successfully implement care redesign in the Bundled Payment for Care Improvement (BPCI) and CJR Programs.
Rocky’s passion is helping people to understand the intricacies of Bundled Payment Programs. He has a talent for teaching people how to cut through all the noise and just do the things that matter to be successful in these programs.
Rocky holds an Associate’s Degree in Nursing from the University of Hawaii Maui, and a Bachelor’s Degree in Nursing and a Master’s Degree in Business Administration (MBA) from Boise State University.
Prior to joining xG Health Solutions, Rocky was the Southeast Region Director of Clinical Operations for Remedy Partners, overseeing program design, implementation and analytic evaluations for Bundled Payment Programs. Prior to embarking on a career in Bundled Payments, Rocky was a Registered Nurse for 18 years, working in a number of positions within Critical Care. Before becoming a Nurse, Rocky was an Institutional Broker at Merrill Lynch and advised a number of healthcare systems and large corporations on cash management strategies. In addition, Rocky has started several businesses and provided consulting for small business startups. Rocky served in the U.S. Marine Corps as a Recon Marine.





 








Janet Comrey RN, BSN, MHSA
Director, Population Health Solutions, Geisinger Health System
Janet Comrey, RN, BSN, MHSA has over 30 years of diversified nursing and leadership experience at Geisinger Health system and currently serves as Director of a small department embedded within Population Health. One of her key roles is managing the Bundle Payment for Care Improvement (BPCI) program since January 2014 earning an overall positive net payment reconciliation to date. Janet also serves as the coordinator for Project Achieve at Geisinger which is a national PCORI funded study related to patient’s perceptions of transitions of care.
Janet received her nursing education through Geisinger’s diploma program, her BSN through Bloomsburg University, and later earned her graduate degree from Marywood University. During her tenure at Geisinger she taught quality improvement methodology and facilitated improvement teams the Geisinger Quality Institute. She is currently enrolled in the Institute for Healthcare Improvement Advisory program.
Professional memberships include Sigma Theta Tau, Phi Kappa Phi, American Society for Quality.





 














 








Andrew Blackmon, MBA, MHS
Chief Sales and Business Development Officer
Chief Sales and Business Development Officer Andrew Blackmon, MBA, MHS, has more than 18 years of experience in healthcare product sales, marketing, and strategy.
Before joining xG Health, Andrew was vice president of sales for population health and risk management solutions at McKesson. He came to McKesson through acquisition of MedVentive, an early population health vendor. Before MedVentive, he served as vice president of enterprise solutions development at MedAssets. He is a past president of the Georgia chapter of HIMSS, and he has held strategy and planning positions at PricewaterhouseCoopers and Orlando Health.
Andrew has an MBA and a Master’s of Health Science from the University of Florida Warrington, College of Business, and a Bachelor of Arts degree in Psychology from Rollins College.





 














 








Holly Barbella, RN, MBA 
Risk Coordinator, Geisinger Health System
fuvb ekfhve v
effvef
ve
fffv
efv
ef





 








Earl P. Steinberg, MD, MPP
Chief Executive Officer
Earl P. Steinberg, MD, MPP, is a nationally recognized expert in healthcare quality improvement and serves as xG Health’s chief executive officer. Earl also is an adjunct professor of Medicine and of Health Policy and Management at Johns Hopkins University and a member of Blue Cross/Blue Shield Association’s National Medical Advisory Panel.
Before joining xG Health, Earl was executive vice president of Innovation & Dissemination, and chief, Healthcare Solutions Enterprise at Geisinger Health System.
Before joining Geisinger, he was senior vice president for Clinical Strategy, Quality & Outcomes at WellPoint, Inc., the largest commercial health insurer by membership in the US, and president and CEO of Resolution Health Inc. (RHI), a leading healthcare data analysis company that provides innovative quality improvement and cost reduction services to health plans, employers, pharmacy benefit managers, and disease management companies.
Before joining RHI, Earl spent six years as vice president of Covance Health Economics and Outcomes Services Inc., director of its Quality Assessment and Improvement Systems Division, and co-director of its Outcomes Studies Group. He also spent 12 years on the full-time faculty at Johns Hopkins University, where he was professor of Medicine and of Health Policy and Management and director of the Johns Hopkins Program for Medical Technology and Practice Assessment, and four years on the Federal Physician Payment Review Commission. He co-chaired the Institute of Medicine’s panel on Standards for Development of Trustworthy Practice Guidelines.
Earl has received many awards, including the Henry J. Kaiser Family Foundation Faculty Scholar Award in General Internal Medicine (1984), the “Outstanding Young Investigator” Award from the Association for Health Services Research (1988), and a Special Presidential Visionary Award from the National Kidney Foundation (NFK) (2004) for his work as the scientific director of the NKF’s landmark Kidney Disease Outcomes and Quality Initiative, which produced more than 250 clinical practice guidelines for management of patients with end-stage renal disease. He also is a fellow of both the American College of Physicians and AcademyHealth, and he has published more than 125 articles in peer-reviewed journals.
Earl received his AB from Harvard College (summa cum laude), his medical degree from Harvard Medical School, and a Master of Public Policy from the Kennedy School of Government. He performed his residency training in internal medicine at Massachusetts General Hospital.






 














































  

Public profile - Prof. Dr. Glenn D. Steele, Jr., MD, PhD | HealthManagement.org

















































 






















Prof. Dr. Glenn D. Steele, Jr., MD, PhD




Please log into your account to view faculty contact details.





Positions


President and Chief Executive Officer Geisinger Health System




Key areas of interest and research


Surgery
 Healthcare Management





Featured in HealthManagement.org











2014
22
Sep






Zoom On: Dr. Glenn D. Steele Jr., Analytics Advocate



When the Healthcare Analytics Summit (HAS) convenes on 24 September in Salt Lake City, one of the keynote speakers will be Glenn D. Steele Jr, MD,
PhD. The theme of the 2014 conference is "Transforming Healthcare Through Analytics”. Dr. Steele will...


















Surgery, Healthcare Management
Prof. Dr. Glenn Steele, Key areas of interest and research is Surgery, Healthcare Management 
















JOIN OUR MANAGEMENT COMMUNITYChoose subscription channel
Choose Channel Hospital Products & Services / Lab / Dental and similarICU / Critical Care & Emergency MedicineRadiology / ImagingHealthcare IT and Medical InformaticsCardiology / Electrophysiology & Vascular


Industry
Point-of-Care Ultrasound Takes to the Skies
 EHAAT crew members and the SonoSite team with the new helicopterSonoSite...
Read moreSphere Medical Proxima™ Bedside Blood Gas Monitoring System Compatible with Philips IntelliVue
As a patient dedicated system,
Proxima is always connected to the patient...
Read moreUPMC, considers opportunities to join Moscow International Medical Cluster
UPMC, world-renowned
health care provider from USA, arrived on official...
Read morePhilips Speeds Up Research and Biomarker Discovery with Major Upgrade 
Royal Philips (NYSE: PHG, AEX: PHIA), a global leader in health techno...
Read moreClinical Trials Demonstrate Benefits of iFR Compared to FFR
The DEFINE FLAIR and iFR Swedeheart studies establish that iFR offers a...
Read more



Events Calendar




















Movers & Shakers
EOS imaging Appoints Mike Lobinsky to Newly Created Position of President, North America
Proven executive experienced in orthopedics and medical imaging will lead...
Read moreSolange Peters Elected ESMO President 2020-2021
ESMO, the leading European professional organisation for medical oncology...
Read moreJohn Ormiston Awarded the EuroPCR 2017 Ethica Award
The 2017 Ethica Award, the highest honour of the European cardiovascular...
Read morePrimex Pharmaceuticals Appoints Jostein Davidsen and Angelo Colombo as Board Members
Swiss pharmaceutical group Primex Pharmaceuticals AG announces new board...
Read moreNew President of Sectra’s Secure Communications Business Area
Simo Pykälistö, currently CFO and Executive Vice President of Sectra AB...
Read more

JOIN OUR MANAGEMENT COMMUNITYChoose subscription channel
Choose Channel Hospital Products & Services / Lab / Dental and similarICU / Critical Care & Emergency MedicineRadiology / ImagingHealthcare IT and Medical InformaticsCardiology / Electrophysiology & Vascular





















































Tweets by @ehealthmgmt




JOIN OUR MANAGEMENT COMMUNITYChoose subscription channel
Choose Channel Hospital Products & Services / Lab / Dental and similarICU / Critical Care & Emergency MedicineRadiology / ImagingHealthcare IT and Medical InformaticsCardiology / Electrophysiology & Vascular




Back to top






