










 


    Chad Stelzig | Image Sensing Systems Inc | ZoomInfo.com

	ISS announces Chad Stelzig as President and Chief Executive Office - asmag.com 




































































News
Vertical Solutions
Integrated Systems
asmag Reports
Suppliers
Products
Security 50


Login
Register


Product
Supplier
Article
News













a&s exclusive
Industry News
Supplier’s News
Asia Corner


News in Asia
Market Report






Retail / Restaurants
Transportation
Banking / Finance
Oil & Gas/Utility
Police / Military
Education
Healthcare
Industrial / Manufacturing
Gaming
Hospitality
Correctional Facilities / Public Services
Stadiums / Event Venues
Office / Corporate
Residential Security
Buildings
Service Industry


PSIM & VMS
Video Surveillance Systems
Access Control Systems
Intrusion Detection Systems
Perimeter Systems
Intercom Systems
Public Address Systems
Fire Systems


IP Surveillance
CCTV
Key Components
Access Control
Intrusion Detection
Intercoms
Transmission
Management Platform
Building Automation
Home Automation
Security Services
Personal Safety
Police Equipment
Fire & Safety
Solution



























You are at : Home > News > News Content







 Print │
                           
 Click Frequency: 253
                        
>> 



ISS announces Chad Stelzig as President and Chief Executive Office


Source: Image Sensing Systems
Date: 2017/03/09
Related tags: Image Sensing Systems





Image Sensing Systems announced that the board has appointed Chad Stelzig as permanent president and chief executive officer (CEO), effective immediately. Stelzig previously served as interim president and CEO, and vice president of engineering. Stelzig has been with Image Sensing Systems (ISS) since June 2011.

“Chad’s experience and energic leadership positions him well to lead this company,” said Andrew Berger, executive chairman of the board. “The board feels that Chad has demonstrated the leadership needed to grow the company and maximize shareholder value. We are pleased to have his industry knowledge and strategic focus to return the company back to historical profitability.”

Stelzig joined ISS in 2011 as the algorithm engineering manager and moved through the organization holding positions of director of engineering, vice president of engineering, and most recently, interim president and CEO. As vice president of engineering, Stelzig led the engineering team through the development of the next generation video product, Autoscope Vision, which the intersection detection segment has quickly adopted. Prior to joining ISS, Stelzig worked for General Dynamics C4 systems in various engineering, research and business development roles.

“Over the past several years we have gained a renewed focus on innovation and product development that has positioned the company to provide the detection, data analytics and software solutions required within the traffic management, adaptive control and autonomous vehicle segments,” said Chad Stelzig, President and CEO. “I am looking forward to providing the strategic leadership and company vision as we begin to realize the potential of our new algorithm, software, and hardware platforms.”








Share to:










Related Articles


ISS announces 2016 third quarter financial results
ISS names Geoffrey Davis as a director
ISS unveils the future of above-ground video detection





Recommended for You









Most Updated:
How should we secure care homes and their residents in the 21st century?
WD announces financial results for 4th fiscal quarter and fiscal year 2017
Seagate Technology announces planned leadership transition
PureTech latest software includes deep learning and health monitoring
Geutebruck expands its portfolio with video content analysis




 




Comments ( 0 )









Most Viewed Articles

Step aside artificial intelligence, here's biologic intelligence!2017/07/21
Design guidelines for effective perimeter security2017/07/21
EMEA market: Moving beyond security2017/07/18
From traffic to transit, deep learning-based surveillance is ready to takeover2017/07/20
Cross-platform operation key to facial recognition success2017/07/17









Subscribe to Our Newsletter
asmag.com provides weekly and monthly e-Newsletters which include the latest security industry news, vertical solution case studies and product information.

 




Subscribe 
Unsubscribe



























Privacy Policy |
Online Terms and Conditions |
Magazine |
Company Info |
Contact Us |

Copyright © 2017. Messe Frankfurt New Era Business Media Ltd. All rights reserved.












ISS Announces Chad Stelzig as President and Chief Executive Officer

























































Sitemap










Search












															Login
														



													Contact
												




Change Locale or region




																Americas
																Europe
																Asia Pacific
																Middle East




																English
																Français
																Español
																Deutsch
																中文
																العربية
























			Company
		





					News & Events
				







					Overview
				







					2016 News
				







					2015 News
				







					2014 News
				







					2013 News
				







					2012 News
				







					2011 News
				









					Careers
				







					Investors
				







					Policies
				














								Company
							



								News & Events
							



								ISS Announces Chad Stelzig as President and Chief Executive Officer
							




					ISS Announces Chad Stelzig as President and Chief Executive Officer
				




Saint Paul, Minn., March 8, 2017 -- Image Sensing Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ: ISNS) today announced that the board has appointed Chad Stelzig as permanent president and chief executive officer (CEO), effective immediately.  Mr. Stelzig previously served as interim president and CEO, and vice president of engineering.  Mr. Stelzig has been with Image Sensing Systems (ISS) since June 2011. 
“Chad’s experience and energic leadership positions him well to lead this company,” said Andrew Berger, executive chairman of the board. “The board feels that Chad has demonstrated the leadership needed to grow the company and maximize shareholder value. We are pleased to have his industry knowledge and strategic focus to return the company back to historical profitability.”
Mr. Stelzig joined ISS in 2011 as the algorithm engineering manager and moved through the organization holding positions of director of engineering, vice president of engineering, and most recently, interim president and CEO.  As vice president of engineering, Mr. Stelzig led the engineering team through the development of the next generation video product, Autoscope Vision, which the intersection detection segment has quickly adopted.  Prior to joining ISS, Mr. Stelzig worked for General Dynamics C4 systems in various engineering, research and business development roles. 
“Over the past several years we have gained a renewed focus on innovation and product development that has positioned the company to provide the detection, data analytics and software solutions required within the traffic management, adaptive control and autonomous vehicle segments,” said Chad Stelzig, president and CEO. “I am looking forward to providing the strategic leadership and company vision as we begin to realize the potential of our new algorithm, software, and hardware platforms.” 
About Image Sensing Systems
Image Sensing Systems, Inc. is a global company dedicated to helping improve safety and efficiency for cities and highways by developing and delivering above-ground detection technology, applications and solutions. We give Intelligent Transportation Systems (ITS) professionals more precise and accurate information – including real-time reaction capabilities and in-depth analytics – to make more confident and proactive decisions. We are headquartered in St. Paul, Minnesota. Visit us on the web at imagesensing.com.
Safe Harbor Statement:  Statements made in this release concerning the Company’s or management’s intentions, expectations, or predictions about future results or events are “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements reflect management’s current expectations or beliefs and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results or events to vary from stated expectations, which variations could be material and adverse. Factors that could produce such a variation include, but are not limited to, the following: the inherent unreliability of earnings, revenue and cash flow predictions due to numerous factors, many of which are beyond the Company’s control; developments in the demand for the Company’s products and services; relationships with the Company’s major customers and suppliers; the mix of and margins on the products we sell; unanticipated delays, costs and expenses inherent in the development and marketing of new products and services; adverse weather conditions in our markets; the impact of governmental laws and regulations; international presence; our success in integrating any acquisitions; and competitive factors. Our forward-looking statements speak only as of the time made, and we assume no obligation to publicly update any such statements. Additional information concerning these and other factors that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from the Company’s current expectations are contained in the Company’s reports and other documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 filed on March 10, 2016.

							Back to News
						






 

		Back to top
	










ISS Announces Resignation of Dale Parker and Names Chad Stelzig as New Interim CEO and Richard Ehrich as New Interim CFO

























































Sitemap










Search












															Login
														



													Contact
												




Change Locale or region




																Americas
																Europe
																Asia Pacific
																Middle East




																English
																Français
																Español
																Deutsch
																中文
																العربية
























			Company
		





					News & Events
				







					Overview
				







					2016 News
				







					2015 News
				







					2014 News
				







					2013 News
				







					2012 News
				







					2011 News
				









					Careers
				







					Investors
				







					Policies
				














								Company
							



								News & Events
							



								ISS Announces Resignation of Dale Parker and Names Chad Stelzig as New Interim CEO and Richard Ehrich as New Interim CFO
							




					ISS Announces Resignation of Dale Parker and Names Chad Stelzig as New Interim CEO and Richard Ehrich as New Interim CFO
				






ST. PAUL, MN (June 27, 2016)  Image Sensing Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ: ISNS) today announced that Dale Parker has resigned as Chief Financial Officer, Interim Chief Executive Officer, Chief Operating Officer and membership to the Board of Directors. As Mr. Parkers successors, its Board of Directors has appointed Chad Stelzig as Interim Chief Executive Officer and Richard Ehrich as Interim Chief Financial Officer.
Id like to thank Dale for his contributions to Image Sensing Systems (ISS), said Andrew Berger, ISS Executive Chairman. During his tenure, Dale has contributed to ISS by working to create a solid foundation, which will support growth and profitability in the years ahead.
Mr. Stelzig has most recently served as Vice President of Engineering of ISS in addition to his prior position as Director of Algorithm and Software Engineering at the Company. Mr. Stelzig has over 15 years of engineering and management experience. Prior to joining ISS, he has held various positions at General Dynamics, C4 Systems, and Lockheed Martin. Mr. Stelzig holds a Masters of Science in Electrical Engineering from the University of Illinois at Chicago. He holds a Bachelor of Arts degree with a concentration in Physics and Mathematics from Hamline University.
I am honored to have the opportunity to further influence the success of Image Sensing Systems. Leveraging our talented workforce, we will position ourselves for success through disciplined leadership and a tenacious pursuit of innovative solutions, said Mr. Stelzig. The Company has built great momentum and has bright prospects. I look forward to working closely with the Board of Directors, executive leadership and Image Sensing staff to continue building on this momentum and driving value for customers and shareholders.
Mr. Ehrich has most recently served as Controller of ISS. Mr. Ehrich has over twenty years of extensive financial leadership experience and a proven track record working with global, technology-based companies. He has held various financial leadership positions at KPMG LLP and Arthur Andersen within the Transaction Advisory Services and Assurance Services practices. Mr. Ehrich holds a Bachelor of Arts degree with a concentration in Accounting from the University of St. Thomas. He is also a licensed CPA (inactive) in Minnesota.
Mr. Berger commented, We are very pleased to announce Rich as our new Interim Chief Financial Officer. The breadth of his financial expertise and business experience supporting global, growth-oriented companies make him an excellent fit for the role. Since joining ISS, Rich has brought a strong focus on operational excellence and applying his seasoned financial experience to our business. I am confident that he will play a significant role at ISS as we drive to achieve our long-term goals of sustainable revenue growth, earnings acceleration and strong returns on invested capital.

About Image Sensing Systems

Image Sensing Systems, Inc. is a global company dedicated to helping improve safety and efficiency for cities and highways by developing and delivering above-ground detection technology, applications and solutions. We give Intelligent Transportation Systems (ITS) professionals more precise and accurate information  including real-time reaction capabilities and in-depth analytics  to make more confident and proactive decisions. We are headquartered in St. Paul, Minnesota. Visit us on the web at imagesensing.com.

							Back to News
						






 

		Back to top
	















Image Sensing Systems Announces Chad Stelzig As President And Chief Executive Officer - TheStreet





























































 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 








































Image Sensing Systems Announces Chad Stelzig As President And Chief Executive Officer






GlobeNewswire



Mar 8, 2017 4:05 PM EST













 


















































 ST. PAUL, Minn., March 08, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Image Sensing Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ:ISNS) today announced that the board has appointed Chad Stelzig as permanent president and chief executive officer (CEO), effective immediately.  Mr. Stelzig previously served as interim president and CEO, and vice president of engineering.  Mr. Stelzig has been with Image Sensing Systems (ISS) since June 2011. "Chad's experience and energic leadership positions him well to lead this company," said Andrew Berger, executive chairman of the board. "The board feels that Chad has demonstrated the leadership needed to grow the company and maximize shareholder value. We are pleased to have his industry knowledge and strategic focus to return the company back to historical profitability." Mr. Stelzig joined ISS in 2011 as the algorithm engineering manager and moved through the organization holding positions of Director of Engineering, VP of Engineering, and most recently, interim president and CEO.  As VP of Engineering, Mr. Stelzig led the engineering team through the development of the next generation video product, Autoscope Vision, which the intersection detection segment has quickly adopted.  Prior to joining ISS, Mr. Stelzig worked for General Dynamics C4 systems in various engineering, research and business development roles. "Over the past several years we have gained a renewed focus on innovation and product development that has positioned the company to provide the detection, data analytics and software solutions required within the traffic management, adaptive control and autonomous vehicle segments," said Chad Stelzig, president and CEO. "I am looking forward to providing the strategic leadership and company vision as we begin to realize the potential of our new algorithm, software, and hardware platforms."  



 








 










































If you liked this article you might like













Trump Budget Increases Homeland Security Budget 7%, Adds $4.5 Billion for Border Security
The 2018 proposed budget for the Department of Homeland Security will be $44.1 billion.



Tony Owusu

Mar 16, 2017 10:40 AM EDT
























Image Sensing Systems (ISNS) Strong On High Relative Volume Today
Trade-Ideas LLC identified Image Sensing Systems (ISNS) as a strong on high relative volume candidate



TheStreet Wire

Sep 19, 2014 10:02 AM EDT
























Image Sensing Systems (ISNS) Weak On High Volume Today
Trade-Ideas LLC identified Image Sensing Systems (ISNS) as a weak on high relative volume candidate



TheStreet Wire

Sep 18, 2014 10:04 AM EDT
























Today's Dead Cat Bounce Stock: Image Sensing Systems (ISNS)
Trade-Ideas LLC identified Image Sensing Systems (ISNS) as a "dead cat bounce" (down big yesterday but up big today) candidate



TheStreet Wire

Sep 16, 2014 10:05 AM EDT








































 











Trending


How Amazon Billionaire Jeff Bezos Gained Vast Riches and a Tech Giant Someday Worth $1 Trillion


Jim Cramer Nails Starbucks' Big Decline, Warns Again of Downside to $50


Starbucks Shares Are Plunging by More Than 10% -- Go Out and Buy!


Worst Performing Tech Stocks: AMZN, AMD, MU, WDC


Tesla's Model 3 Arrives on Friday -- Here's Everything You Need to Know About This Over-Hyped Ride











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 






















Stelzig Chad - Image Sensing Systems Insider Transactions | TipRanks   





Go ProLogin / Sign Up Follow✓Get Real Time TransactionsInsider DetailsStelzig ChadImage Sensing Systems (ISNS)Interim President, Interim CEO Not RankedStelzig Chad's PerformanceStelzig Chad has not reported any informative transactions and therefore cannot be ranked.How are Insiders Ranked? Stelzig Chad's Trading Historybased on Form 4 Follow✓Get Real Time TransactionsCompany NameInsider PositionHolding ValueLast TransactionLast Transaction  AmountLast Transaction DateISNSImage Sensing SystemsInterim President, Interim CEO-Uninformative Buy$0Mar 14, 2017Stelzig Chad has not reported any informative transactions for ISNS, therefore, performance cannot be measured. Track Record DateTransactionAmountNo. of SharesPrice per ShareProfitForm 4 Mar 14, 2017 Uninformative Buy $0 10,000 $2.904 N/A  Dec 27, 2016 Uninformative Sell $16K 4,442 $3.65 N/A  Jun 29, 2016 Uninformative Buy $0 10,000 $2.24 N/A See All Insider Trading from Today >You May Also LikeMeet our Smart Portfolio. See what top analysts say about your stocks.Get a breakdown of the different strategies based on detected insider trading activity.Find the best performing Analyst in each sector. Follow them so you never miss a recommendation.Related LinksHow can I benefit from Insider Trading? >See the Top 25 Corporate Insiders >Go to Hot Stocks by Insiders >Find which stocks Insiders traded today >Become a TipRanks MemberGet the best Investing Tips & Hacks straight to your emailFree MembershipSubmitInsider Trading Daily NewsletterProfessional day-trading strategy based on predictive insider transactionsAnnual Return: +85.42%Learn More >Powered by
























