

Stem Sales, Inc.














































Home
Search
Sign-In/Up
Contracts
Dictionary
Clauses
Companies
People

About
FAQ
Blog











Related Companies

1347 Capital Corp
1st NRG Corp.
24Holdings Inc
2Ksounds Corp
51143 Inc.
51144 Inc.
51149 Inc
5V Inc.
8888 Acquisition CORP
AJ Acquisition Corp I, Inc.
AJ Acquisition Corp. II, Inc.
AMERICAN LASER HEALTHCARE Corp
AMERICATOWNE Inc.
AOTS 30, Inc.
ASM Acquisition CO LTD



        More Related Companies
      





Home



Sample Contracts



By Company


Stem Sales, Inc.




Stem Sales, Inc.





      Loading...
    





Standard IndustryClassification
Blank checksAddress

801 West Bay Drive, Largo, FL 33770
Phone
7274159409



Sample Contracts



Stem Sales, Inc. –
Subscription Escrow Agreement
(January 17th, 2017)
THIS SUBSCRIPTION ESCROW AGREEMENT (the Agreement) is made and entered into as of January 13, 2017, by and among, STEM SALES, INC., a Florida corporation (the Company, Registrant, or Client), and BRANCH BANKING AND TRUST COMPANY, a North Carolina banking corporation (the Escrow Agent).  This Agreement shall be effective as provided in Paragraph 1 below.



Stem Sales, Inc. –
Trust Agreement
(January 20th, 2015)
THIS AGREEMENT made and entered into this 20th day of January, 2015, by and between Stem Sales, Inc. (Company), whose address is 801 West Bay Drive, Suite 418, Largo, FL 33770, and Underhill Securities Corp. as Trustee (Trustee).



Stem Sales, Inc. –
Trust Agreement
(January 5th, 2015)
THIS AGREEMENT made and entered into this 4th day of December, 2014, by and between Stem Sales, Inc. (Company), whose address is 801 West Bay Drive, Suite 418, Largo, FL 33770, and Underhill Securities Corp. as Trustee (Trustee).



Stem Sales, Inc. –
Trust Agreement
(December 8th, 2014)
THIS AGREEMENT is made and entered into this 4th day of December, 2014, by and between Stem Sales, Inc. (Company), whose address is 801 West Bay Drive, Suite 418, Largo, FL 33770, and Underhill Securities Corp. as Trustee (Trustee).



Stem Sales, Inc. –
Subscription Escrow Agreement
(October 20th, 2014)
This Subscription Escrow Agreement (this Agreement) is entered into and effective, as of _____, 20__, by and among Stem Sales, Inc., a Florida corporation (the Company) and SUNTRUST BANK, a Georgia banking corporation (the Escrow Agent),



Stem Sales, Inc. –
Subscription Escrow Agreement
(September 24th, 2014)
This Subscription Escrow Agreement (this Agreement) is entered into and effective, as of _____, 20__, by and among Stem Sales, Inc., a Florida corporation (the Company) and SUNTRUST BANK, a Georgia banking corporation (the Escrow Agent),



Stem Sales, Inc. –
Subscription Escrow Agreement
(September 5th, 2014)
This Subscription Escrow Agreement (this Agreement) is entered into and effective, as of _____, 20__, by and among Stem Sales, Inc., a Florida corporation (the Company) and SUNTRUST BANK, a Georgia banking corporation (the Escrow Agent),



Stem Sales, Inc. –
By Laws of Stem Sales, Inc.
(August 1st, 2014)
The principal office of the corporation shall be established and maintained as designated in the Articles of Incorporation. The corporation may also have offices at such places within or without the State of Florida as the Board of Directors (hereinafter, "Board") may from time to time establish.



Stem Sales, Inc. –
This Agreement Will Be Filed as an Exhibit to the Registration Statement
SUBSCRIPTION ESCROW AGREEMENT
(August 1st, 2014)
This Subscription Escrow Agreement (this Agreement) is entered into and effective, as of _____, 20__, by and among Stem Sales, Inc., a Florida corporation (the Company) and SUNTRUST BANK, a Georgia banking corporation (the Escrow Agent),













×









      Have an account? Sign in here.

Law Insider
Recover your password







No account? Register Now!


No account? Register Now!
Sign in
by using one of this services











or







Forgot your password?


Have an account? Sign in here.
Join Law Insider
for Free
by using one of this services











or







By registering you agree to our
      terms of service.











STEM Marketing - Global Marketing Audits























































Skip to content




                     
                                        English                    



                     
                                        日本語                    



                     
                                        简体中文                    



Home
Jobs
LOGIN
 Stem Core Values
Marketing Audits
Medical Audits
Market access audits
Account plan audits
Contact











VISION:
To be in every brand plan







MISSION:
To accelerate high performance
























Achieving top decile functional excellence STEM projects are designed to…
Quantify and benchmark internal alignment from direction to execution across functions, holding up a mirror that prioritizes strengths to build from and opportunities to improve. 
STEM quantify 40+ KPIs but the action plan focuses on 2-3 priorities to further accelerate performance.

 
 










© Copyright 2017 STEM Marketing LPWeb design by Pedalo


Follow us











Contract and Agreement Category List











































Home
Search
Sign-In/Up
Contracts
Dictionary
Clauses
Companies
People

About
FAQ
Blog







Sample Contract Categories 

a

b

c

d

e

f

g

h

i

j

k

l

m

n

o

p

q

r

s

t

u

v

w

x

y

z


abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz


337k
		Delaware
	

277k
		New York
	

113k
		California
	

70k
		Texas
	

68k
		Agreement
	

62k
		Nevada
	

46k
		Florida
	

44k
		Maryland
	

40k
		Illinois
	

38k
		Employment Agreement
	

38k
		Washington
	

37k
		Amended And Restated
	

36k
		Massachusetts
	

34k
		New Jersey
	

33k
		Pennsylvania
	

28k
		Georgia
	

28k
		Colorado
	

26k
		Ohio
	

25k
		Minnesota
	

25k
		Virginia
	

21k
		North Carolina
	

20k
		Incentive Plan
	

19k
		Credit Agreement
	

19k
		Amendment
	

16k
		Connecticut
	

16k
		Michigan
	

15k
		Indiana
	

14k
		Registration Rights Agreement
	

14k
		Recitals
	

13k
		Tennessee
	

13k
		Arizona
	

13k
		Missouri
	

12k
		Purchase Agreement
	

12k
		Promissory Note
	

12k
		Indenture
	

11k
		Warrant
	

11k
		Louisiana
	

11k
		Kansas
	

11k
		Utah
	

11k
		Wisconsin
	

10k
		Oklahoma
	

9k
		Securities Purchase Agreement
	

9k
		Agreement And Plan Of Merger
	

8k
		Iowa
	

8k
		Supplemental Indenture
	

8k
		Note
	

8k
		Equity Incentive Plan
	

7k
		Kentucky
	

7k
		Stock Purchase Agreement
	

7k
		Alabama
	














×









      Have an account? Sign in here.

Law Insider
Recover your password







No account? Register Now!


No account? Register Now!
Sign in
by using one of this services











or







Forgot your password?


Have an account? Sign in here.
Join Law Insider
for Free
by using one of this services











or







By registering you agree to our
      terms of service.










Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















Hip Solutions








































Your web browser is out of date. For the best experience on Zimmer websites please upgrade to the latest version of Internet Explorer, Chrome, or Firefox.










 





 


Search







 United States





Preferences















                    Zimmer, Inc.
               	






















            Home
        



            Medical Professionals
        



            Products
        

Hips






Hip Replacement Products



Zimmer offers surgeons a comprehensive
    suite of innovative hip replacement products and instruments. 
    Zimmer’s versatile hip implant products provide multiple bearing
    options to suit the unique demands of each patient.






Featured Product:
Continuum™ Acetabular System
The Continuum™ Acetabular System combines proven technologies in a modular cup system. This highly flexible solution gives you the ability to treat a wide range of patient types. The comprehensive system allows surgeons to choose the bearing technology that best meets the needs of each patient.
Learn More >








0%












Toggle 3D View:


Joint
              

Components
              











Femoral Components for Hip




Zimmer Hip Stems allow the surgeon to
    match the hip implant to the patient and better restore the natural
    hip joint center interoperatively. Our hip stem implant products
    offer a personalized fit and designs that facilitate smaller
    incisions for the surgeon.


View Products 









Zimmer M/L Taper with Kinectiv Technology



Fitmore Hip Stem



VerSys Epoch® FullCoat Hip











Acetabular Components for Hips




Zimmer Acetabular Systems give
    orthopedic surgeons the ability to address variations in anatomy and
    choose the bearing technology that best meets the needs of each
    patient. We also offer products that feature the proven benefits of
    Zimmer® Trabecular Metal™ Technology.


View Products 









Trabecular Metal™ Modular Acetabular System



Trilogy Acetabular Hip System











Revision Systems for Hips




Zimmer Revision Systems include femoral
    and acetabular components which can accommodate a wide variety of
    bone conditions and patient sizes to provide individual solutions
    for better patient matching. The Zimmer Hip System acetabular
    components include proven benefits of Zimmer Trabecular Metal Technology. 


View Products 









ZMR Hip System



ZMR XL Revision Hip System



ZMR Taper Distal Stem



ZMR Porous Distal Stem



Wagner SL Revision Hip



Arcos® One-piece Femoral Revision System 











Hip Science and Technology




View Our Sciences 









Zimmer Modular Neck Technology



Longevity Highly Crosslinked Polyethylene



Zimmer Computer Assisted Solutions (CAS)






























 


Back to Top 









Corporate




Investor Relations 




Careers




Contact Us






















Corporate




Investor Relations 




Careers




Contact Us











Medical Professionals





Women in Orthopaedics




The Zimmer Institute




ZimmerTV.com




Medical Professionals




Surgical Techniques












Useful Links





Patients and Caregivers




Find a Doctor




Declaration for California Compliance Law













A Nation in Motion


Life Changing Innovation


Avamed















Site Map




Privacy Policy




Legal Notice










                © 2014 Zimmer Inc.















×
Notice


You are about to leave the Zimmer United States website. Some of the information you will see may pertain to products that are not currently licensed for sale in United States.


Cancel
Continue








Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














Leadership | Stem | Intelligent energy storage and predictive energy software






















































commercial
grid
customers
About
news
Contact
Login













 
Request Evaluation









                commercial            



                grid            



                customers            



                About            



                news            



                Contact            



                Login            


 









leadership


careers


sustainability


























                commercial            



                grid            



                customers            



                About            


            leadership        



            careers        



            sustainability        



                news            



                Contact            



                Login            










Featured In
Estimate your savings
 


Executive Team





John Carrington
John Carrington, CEO and Director, he has a distinguished track record with over 25 years of proven leadership in technology, energy and industrial companies. John comes to Stem from thin film solar company MiaSole, the world’s largest CIGS-based thin film solar company globally where he was Chief Executive Officer and Director. Prior to MiaSole, John was Executive Vice President of Marketing and Business Development at First Solar where he grew the company revenue from $300 million to over $2 billion, opening markets in the US, Asia and Europe. John spent over 16 years at General Electric, most recently as General Manager and Chief Marketing Officer of the $7 billion GE Plastics global organization where he led global innovation, new technology efforts and product strategy. John was part of a small executive team that executed on the $12 billion sale of GE Plastics to SABIC in 2007. He is an alumnus of the University of Colorado.








Karen Butterfield
As Chief Commercial Officer, Karen is responsible for building and leading Stem’s commercial enterprise, including: strategy, policy, sales, marketing and product management. Her team at Stem has successfully deployed a large fleet of customer-sited storage with software and analytics that serve both commercial customers at the site and electric utilities and wholesale markets. Prior to joining Stem, she was a Managing Director in the commercial systems group at SunPower. Her teams successfully deployed large PV systems on DOD, DOE and VA facilities throughout the United States. Additionally, Karen led the key account efforts at SunPower with responsibility for Apple, Verizon, Macy’s and other Fortune 500 customers. Karen has consulted in utility-scale energy programs and spent 10 years at Honeywell Grid Solutions designing and delivering energy efficiency, demand response and smart metering programs. She currently serves as Treasurer on the board of directors of the Energy Storage Association ESA and holds a board seat on the SmartElectric Power Alliance (SEPA). Karen graduated from Bowdoin College with a BA in economics.








Larsh Johnson
As Chief Technology Officer, Larsh is leading hardware and software engineering to meet the needs of Stem's C&I, utility, and energy market customers. Prior to joining Stem, Larsh was Chief Technology Officer at Siemens Digital Grid, where he led technology development teams on products spanning from consumer metering, demand response and analytics to control center software and grid automation. He joined Siemens via the acquisition of eMeter, a Bay Area software company of which he was a co-founder and responsible for innovation and development of meter data management, analytics, and advanced smart grid applications. Prior to eMeter, he co-founded CellNet Data Systems, a pioneer in wireless networks for smart metering and distribution automation and now a unit of Landis+Gyr a Toshiba company. Larsh was a founding member of the DOE’s Gridwise Architecture Council (GWAC) and remains a Member Emeritus. He earned a B.S. and an M.S. in Mechanical Engineering from Stanford University.








Bill Bush
As Stem’s Chief Financial Officer, Bill manages the company’s corporate and project financing efforts. Bill was formerly CFO of Borrego Solar Systems Inc. for seven years where he helped the company achieve 10 times growth and profitability. He was previously CFO of Solar Semiconductor Inc., a leading private, vertically integrated manufacturer and distributor of high-quality PV modules and systems with operations in India. Bill has served as CFO and corporate controller for a numerous high growth solar, software and online media companies, and was a founder of Buzzsaw.com, a spinoff of Autodesk. Prior to his work with Buzzsaw.com, Bill served as corporate controller for Autodesk, Inc. His prior experience includes seven years in public accounting with Ernst & Young, and Price Waterhouse. Bill holds a BS in Business Administration from U.C. Berkeley and is a Certified Public Accountant.








Polly Shaw
As VP of Regulatory Affairs and Communications, Polly is responsible for expanding and leading Stem’s regulatory affairs and communications efforts. She has 24 years of clean, efficient energy policy experience in the U.S. and China. Formerly VP of External Affairs at SunEdison, she managed a team that helped win a range of supportive policies, including long-term extensions of the federal Investment Tax Credit, two 50% renewable portfolio standards, favorable net metering rules, and other policies. Previously, she was Senior Director of External Relations at Suntech America, and earlier Senior Regulatory Analyst at the California Public Utilities Commission where she managed the $2.2 billion California Solar Incentive program. Polly earlier served as a Program Officer at the Energy Foundation, and provided consulting support for EPA greenhouse gas programs while at ICF. She is on the board of the Interstate Renewable Energy Council and California Energy Storage Alliance, and has served on the board of the Solar Energy Industries Association and the Large-scale Solar Association. Polly holds a BA from Tufts University, a Certificate in Chinese Law from the University of London, and speaks English, French, Chinese and basic Spanish.








Mike Lindheim
As Stem’s VP of Operations, Mike is responsible for overseeing Stem’s field deployment, manufacturing and supply chain. With over 30 years of leadership in the design and deployment of global infrastructure, Mike has excelled in identifying strategic growth areas, leading corporate expansion, and driving improved profitability. During his ownership and management at Schwartz-Lindheim Inc., a major California based electrical engineering and construction company, he led a team of 350 employees.








David Erhart
As VP of Engineering, David Erhart is responsible for Stem’s hardware and power electronics systems architecture. Prior to joining Stem, David was CTO at Quicknet Technologies, Inc., where he led an engineering team that created VoIP hardware, software and call processing systems. Previously, David was a lead software engineer at Altos Engineering Applications, where he developed maintenance applications for nuclear power plants. David graduated from the University of South Alabama with a BS in Electrical Engineering.








Tad Glauthier
As VP of Hawaii Operations, Tad is responsible for executing on Stem’s customer and utility-facing market development activities in Hawaii including Business Development, Marketing, Regulatory Affairs and Utility Relations. Prior to joining Stem, Tad worked at the Boston Consulting Group, where he specialized in growth strategies for Fortune 500 Companies. Tad graduated Phi Beta Kappa with a BA in English from Stanford University and received his MBA from Stanford's Graduate School of Business.








Randy Palombi
As VP of Sales, Randy is responsible for building and leading Stem’s direct and channel partner sales teams. Randy has over 25 years of experience in the energy industry, spanning: sales, marketing, business development and operations. Prior to joining Stem, he was a Vice President in Constellation’s Load Response organization, where he oversaw the sales and delivery of innovative energy management solutions for end-use customers, as well as utilities. Previously, Randy served in sales leadership positions at CPower, APX, and Sempra Utilities and led management consulting practices for PwC Consulting and
eLoyalty. Randy graduated from California State Polytechnic University with a BS in Mechanical Engineering and earned his MBA from Pepperdine University.








Prakesh Patel
As VP of Capital Markets and Strategy, Prakesh leads Stem’s financing strategy and supports corporate fundraising initiatives. Prakesh has spent his career financing technology and energy ventures across a broad cross section of industries. He joins Stem from Angeleno Group, an energy and natural resources-focused private equity firm, where he helped to lead their investment in Stem. Previously, Prakesh built and managed a portfolio of private equity investments at Nova Capital and Deutsche Bank. His prior work also includes closing over $500 million of project finance at the International Finance Corporation (The World Bank Group). Prakesh has a BA from the University of California, Berkeley and an MBA from Yale University.








Andrzej Skoskiewicz
As VP of Product Development, Andrzej is responsible for defining Stem’s technical product and for manufacturing. Previously, Andrzej served as director of module engineering at GreenVolts, where he oversaw the design and commercialization of High Concentration Photovoltaic Modules (HCPV). Previously, Andrzej was director of product development at Nanosolar and worked as a project manager at IDEO, where he developed medical, automotive, and consumer electronics products. Andrzej holds a BS and MS in Mechanical Engineering from MIT.




Board of Directors





Zeb Rice
Zeb Rice is co-founder and a managing partner of Angeleno Group, where he oversees investments in the areas of energy storage, renewables, carbon management, and lighting. Prior to this, he managed venture investing for News Ltd., a division of News Corporation. His portfolio included seed-through-expansion stage investments in high growth technology companies. Zeb received a BS Magna Cum Laude in Government and Economics from Bowdoin College.








David Buzby
David Buzby is the former Chairman and CEO of SunEdison, a leading solar services company in the US and Europe. David is a director of SunRun, the top US residential solar financing company. He has held board and senior management roles at a variety of cleantech companies. David earned a BA from Middlebury College and an MBA from Harvard University.








Catherine Wainwright
Catherine is Chief Operating Officer of RWE Supply & Trading’s Principal Investments fund. RWEST Principal Investments runs a broad based portfolio of asset and equity investments across the commodity trading spectrum. Catherine has 30 years’ experience in commodity trading and related asset, M&A and Principal Investment activities. She has led a number of major commercial transactions and acquisitions for RWE and was previously head of UK Structured Origination for RWE Supply & Trading. Catherine led RWEST's successful acquisition, biomass project development and the eventual sale of Lynemouth Power Station, including the award and EU state aid approval for a UK government contract. She acted as Chair of the Board of Directors of Lynemouth Power Limited for 3 years. Catherine holds a degree in Theoretical Physics from Durham University and a Masters in Business Administration from Birmingham University.








Go Mizoguchi
Go Mizoguchi is a General Manager at Mitsui & Co. (USA) where he oversees the firm’s infrastructure businesses in the Americas. He has extensive experience in the origination, development and acquisition of energy projects worldwide, including the acquisition of a 680 megawatt (MW) Canadian renewable energy portfolio--with the arrangement of approximately $800 million in project financing—and an investment in Astoria Energy LLC’s 75 MW gas-fired power plant in the Queens borough of New York City. Go holds a Master’s degree in Electrical Engineering from the University of Tokyo and an MBA from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.








Paul Leggett
Paul Leggett is a Managing Director and member of the investment team at Mithril Capital Management, where he holds board roles with portfolio companies in sectors ranging from robotics to enterprise SaaS, energy and space services. He is also an appointee to the U.S. Department of Energy’s Hydrogen and Fuel Cell Technical Advisory Committee (HTAC). Prior to Mithril, Paul helped lead Morgan Stanley’s Clean Technology investment banking team and was a member of the firm’s Environmental Committee. Previously, he held roles in the firm's Global Mergers & Acquisitions and Global Sustainable Finance teams. Paul received a BA in Political Economy from Tulane University and a MBA from the Darden School of Business at the University of Virginia.








Michael Smith
Michael Smith leads Constellation Technology Ventures (CTV), the venture capital investing arm of Exelon Corp., where he oversees CTV’s portfolio of investments in the energy technology space. Mike has worked in various legal, regulatory and commercial roles in the US and European energy sectors and has a strong background in the strategic development and implementation of renewable and sustainable energy product offerings. Mike earned a Bachelor of Arts degree from the University of Miami and a JD from the Duke University School of Law.




Advisors





Michael W. Allman
Mike Allman is an accomplished CEO and Chairman with a highly successful career growing, restructuring, and optimizing business strategy and operations in both the corporate world and with a top-tier global consulting firm. Since 1998, Mike has held a number of leadership positions with Sempra Energy, a $33 billion Fortune 300 energy services holding company in San Diego, CA. His most recent position was Chairman, President and CEO of Southern California Gas Company, the $4 billion, largest natural gas distribution company in the United States. Previously Mike was President and CEO of Sempra Generation, a $2 billion electric generation business. Earlier, Mike had an 11 year career at The LEK/Alcar Consulting Group, holding Partner-level business development and consulting roles in the U.S., Europe, and South Africa. Mike received an MBA with Finance specialization from The University of Chicago Booth School of Business, and a B.S. in Chemical Engineering from Michigan State University.








T. J. Glauthier
T. J. Glauthier has had a distinguished career in areas related to energy and the environment. He served as Deputy Secretary of the U.S. Department of Energy. He spent over twenty years in management consulting. He was President and CEO of the Electricity Innovation Institute, an affiliate of EPRI. He is currently a director at Union Drilling, Inc., EnerNOC, and two private companies. He serves on advisory boards for Solazyme, Babcock & Wilcox, Stanford, the Lawrence Berkeley Lab, and the National Academy of Sciences. Mr. Glauthier holds an AB in Mathematics from Claremont McKenna College and an MBA from Harvard Business School.








Jim Detmers
Jim Detmers is the former Vice President, Operations of the California Independent System Operator Corporation (CAISO), where he was responsible for the reliable and compliant operation of the transmission system that delivered electricity to over 30 million Californians. Jim was employed at CAISO for 13 years, leading the organization through start-up and establishment of wholesale power markets. Before joining CAISO, Mr. Detmers worked for Pacific Gas and Electric in leadership roles within the Electric Transmission and Distribution Operations divisions. He has also worked for the Modesto Irrigation District and Westinghouse Electric Corporation. Mr. Detmers received his Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering from the California Polytechnic State University, San Luis Obispo in 1986. Mr. Detmers is a former board member of the Western Electricity Coordinating Council and Western Systems Coordinating Council.








Dennis R. Capozza
Dennis R. Capozza is a founding principal of University Financial Associates LLC and is the Dykema Professor of Business Administration in the Ross School of Business at the University of Michigan. Dr. Capozza earned a B.A. degree from the University of Pennsylvania and a Ph.D. (Economics) from Johns Hopkins University. He has also served on the faculties at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, the University of British Columbia and the University of Southern California. Dr. Capozza pioneered the use of forecasting to optimize grid level energy consumption in individual and aggregated loads.





 
 









About


leadership


careers


sustainability


 
Resources


the system


demand charges 101


savings calculator


financing


 
News


in the news


press releases


blog


press info


 
Contact Stem


take a demo


general inquiries


 




Copyright © 2017 Stem, Inc.
|

Privacy Policy

|

Terms of Use


















 

 










STEM SALES, INC. Credit report, products, contacts













 Florida






Search









    STEM SALES, INC.











Company number P14000035047
        

Status Active
        

FEI number


Company Type Domestic for Profit
        

Home State FL
        

Last activity date not available
        

Date Of Incorporation 4/9/2014
        

Principal Address
            5 PELICAN PL, BELLEAIR, 33756
            


Mailing Address 5 PELICAN PL, BELLEAIR, FL, 33756
        
STEM SALES, INC. Principals

O, Director
                Snibbe Robert Mjr
                 


Address
                5 PELICAN PL, BELLEAIR, FL, 33756
                 







Registered Agent

Agent Name SNIBBE              ROBERT        MJR (p)
        

Agent Address
                5 PELICAN PL, BELLEAIR, FL, 33756
                

Description
STEM SALES, INC. has been set up 4/9/2014 in state FL.  
The current status of the business is Active. The STEM SALES, INC. principal adress is 5 PELICAN PL, BELLEAIR, 33756. 
Meanwhile you can send your letters to 5 PELICAN PL, BELLEAIR, FL, 33756. 
The company`s registered agent is SNIBBE              ROBERT        MJR 5 PELICAN PL, BELLEAIR, FL, 33756.  
The company`s management are O, Director - Snibbe Robert Mjr.






Comprehensive Report about this company
        





(view sample)








Similar Companies
STEMS AND STYLE OF SOUTH FLORIDA, INC.
STEMS AND THINGS
STEMS BY JEN, LLC
STEMS CA, LLC
STEM SCIENCE, INC.
STEMS CREDITORS, LLC













Stem Sales Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback















stem sales inc
Public Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Investment Companies
Stem Sales Inc is a blank check company formed for the purpose of entering into a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or other similar business combination.




Corporate Information
Address:

801 West Bay Drive
Suite 418
Largo, FL 33770
United States


Phone:
1-727-415-9409


Fax:
-





Board Members




Chairman/President/CEO/CFO
Company


Robert Snibbe
Stem Sales Inc








Treasurer/Secretary
Company


Bettina Elsner
Stem Sales Inc


























From The Web











Key Executives


Robert M Snibbe Jr


Chairman/President/CEO/CFO




Bettina Maria Elsner


Treasurer/Secretary







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data





































Stem Sales, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 5:38 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Stem Sales, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Stem Sales, Inc. does not have significant operations. It intends to enter into a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, recapitalization, reorganization, or other similar business combination with one or more target businesses. The company was founded in 2014 and is based in Largo, Florida.


801 West Bay DriveSuite 418Largo, FL 33770United StatesFounded in 2014



Phone: 727-415-9409








Key Executives for Stem Sales, Inc.




Mr. Robert  McCawley Snibbe Jr.


      	Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Chief Financial Officer
      


Age: 72
        







Ms. Bettina Maria Elsner


      	Secretary and Treasurer
      


Age: 75
        




Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Stem Sales, Inc. Key Developments

Stem Sales Eyes Acquisitions
Feb 16 16
Stem Sales, Inc. has incurred and expect to continue to incur costs in pursuit of Stem Sales financing and acquisition plans.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Merger/Acquisition

			      December 27, 2016
			    
Kronos Today, LLC, Some Assets



Merger/Acquisition

			      December 13, 2016
			    
Facterra, Inc.





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Stem Sales, Inc., please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





































STEM Program




































Fisher Scientific 
Fisher HealthCare 
Fisher Science Education 

 






















					
					Sign Up for Email
					
						

Customer Service +1 800-955-1177

















0
 


 







Resources and Programs  


Chemical Structure
Safety Data Sheets
Certificates
Order Status 	
Sales Representative Search
Order By Catalog Number
 


 









 









			Search
		



















Sign In 






My 


Account



 








0



 


 
 
 








Fisher ScientificEducation ProductsSTEM Program
 
 
 
 




















Overview
Featured Products
Workshops
Careers
Project Lead the Way
Problem/Project-Based Learning
Contact Us



Jump to...
Overview
Featured Products
Workshops
Careers
Project Lead the Way
Problem/Project-Based Learning
Contact Us


Overview






Our mission — to enable our customers to make the world healthier, cleaner and safer — not only defines our corporate responsibility efforts, it's why we back educational programs to inspire young scientists to tackle society's most pressing challenges.


Overview
STEM is an acronym that stands for Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics. STEM is an approach to education that expands current teaching models for science and mathematics by incorporating technology and engineering concepts into standardized instruction. STEM programs are intended to transform a typical classroom into one that is driven by problem-solving, discovery and investigative learning.
The demand for jobs that require STEM skills continues to grow, and America needs a world-class STEM workforce to address the challenges of the 21st century. STEM literacy is imperative for today's students to become the strong, innovative workforce of tomorrow.
You can depend on Fisher Science Education to help you meet your STEM needs and give you the tools you need to bring real-world science, technology, engineering and mathematics tools and resources into your classroom.





Project Lead The Way
Fisher Science Education is proud to be a primary supplier for Project Lead The Way (PLTW). See how PLTW and Fisher Science Education can help to build your STEM program.
Learn More





Problem/Project-Based Learning
Enhance your STEM teaching with Wake/UTD PBL cases and Fisher Science Education products. See how Wake/UTD PBL can be integrated into your existing curriculum.
Learn More



















							
							Connecting All of Science
							
We’re Thermo Fisher Scientific, over 50,000 people with a perspective that grows beyond borders, connecting all of science to enable our customers to make the world healthier, cleaner and safer.









Headline Discoveries
Fisher Science Education's free magazine brings real-world science into classrooms through informative articles on current events in science.
View Current Issue






 STEM Organizations 
 


































Featured Products






Whether you are launching a new STEM program in your school, have a well-established program that you are looking to expand or want to enhance your current program with a few STEM products, we can help.
These products are designed to help increase student skills necessary to advance STEM literacy by integrating technology and engineering principles with science and math concepts.





Science 






 dam=   fishersci=   glyphs=   scied.gif=   32=   9=   productsforscienceeducation=   0=   id="qa_fp_Img_1" class="th" src="https://beta-static.fishersci.com/images/F184219~wl.jpg">
													


Desolation STEM: Total Redox™ Fuel Cells 







 dam=   fishersci=   glyphs=   scied.gif=   32=   9=   productsforscienceeducation=   0=   id="qa_fp_Img_2" class="th" src="https://beta-static.fishersci.com/images/F174530~wl.jpg">
													


3B Scientific™ Suture Practice Arm and Leg 







 dam=   fishersci=   glyphs=   scied.gif=   32=   9=   productsforscienceeducation=   0=   id="qa_fp_Img_3" class="th" src="https://beta-static.fishersci.com/images/F74626~wl.jpg">
													


i-H2GO™ Hydrogen RC Car 















Technology 






 dam=   fishersci=   glyphs=   scied.gif=   32=   9=   productsforscienceeducation=   0=   id="qa_fp_Img_3" class="th" src="https://beta-static.fishersci.com/images/F109019~wl.jpg">
													


K'NEX Education™ Computer Control: STEM Explorations 















Engineering 






 dam=   fishersci=   glyphs=   scied.gif=   32=   9=   productsforscienceeducation=   0=   id="qa_fp_Img_1" class="th" src="https://beta-static.fishersci.com/images/F201870~wl.jpg">
													


Degem™ Educational Electronics Workstation 








Kemtec™ Structures and Bridges Kit 







 dam=   fishersci=   glyphs=   scied.gif=   32=   9=   productsforscienceeducation=   0=   id="qa_fp_Img_3" class="th" src="https://beta-static.fishersci.com/images/F201841~wl.jpg">
													


Degem™ Electronics Training Modules 















Math 






 dam=   fishersci=   glyphs=   scied.gif=   32=   9=   productsforscienceeducation=   0=   id="qa_fp_Img_1" class="th" src="https://beta-static.fishersci.com/images/F107989~wl.jpg">
													


Texas Instruments™ TI-Nspire™ CX Handheld 







 dam=   fishersci=   glyphs=   scied.gif=   32=   9=   productsforscienceeducation=   0=   id="qa_fp_Img_2" class="th" src="https://beta-static.fishersci.com/images/F202195~wl.jpg">
													


Texas Instruments™ TI-Nspire™ Teacher Software 







 dam=   fishersci=   glyphs=   scied.gif=   32=   9=   productsforscienceeducation=   0=   id="qa_fp_Img_3" class="th" src="https://beta-static.fishersci.com/images/F202102~wl.jpg">
													


Texas Instruments™ TI-Nspire™ Lab Cradle 












To find even more products to support your STEM initiatives, browse our list of select suppliers, which includes enhanced product and promotional information.
View Suppliers








Workshops






STEM Professional Development
Real-world issues impact our lives every day. Introducing students to STEM by making connections to these issues helps increase their understanding of scientific concepts, cultivates their passion for learning, and inspires them to consider STEM careers as part of their future. 
Fisher Science Education can help you make these connections for your students. We offer customizable STEM professional development workshops for elementary, middle, and high school teachers. 
Each workshop includes:

Methods for incorporating STEM into instructional practice
Strategies for integrating 21st Century learning skills
Techniques for identifying STEM career connections for students

Workshops are designed to accommodate up to 20 attendees and include six hours of instruction. 
Cost: $2,500* 
For more information about Fisher Science Education professional development workshops options, contact us.
*Note: Travel and consumable material expenses for one day of instruction are included as long as the workshop location is within the continental U.S. Total fee includes one standard, full-day STEM teacher training workshop for up to 20 participants. Additional days and options are available. Please contact us for details and pricing.





Questions & Answers





Q: How do I schedule a workshop?
A: To schedule a workshop, simply complete the application form found below. We must receive your request at least 4-6 weeks prior to the scheduled date of the workshop, and is based on availability.
 







Q: How much does an on-site workshop cost?
A: There is a set fee of $2,595 for a full day of training. This fee includes the use of our materials and the services of one trainer for a total of 6 hours or training.
This fee includes all travel and expenses for the trainer.
Note: If your workshop location is within 200 miles of Pittsburgh, Pa., the fee for a full day of training is $1,595.
 







Q: What if I want to add additional days?
A: The fee for each additional day after the initial registration for a full day of training is $1,000.
 







Q: How do I pay for my on-site workshop?
A: Fisher Science Education will bill you after your workshop takes place. You will be asked to provide all billing information, including purchase order number, prior to the workshop.
 







Q: What if I need to cancel or re-schedule?
A: Once a P.O. has been issued and the date is set, there is a fee for cancellation or rebooking. This fee will vary and is designed to cover the cost of flights, rebooking fees and preparation time.
 







Q: When can my workshop take place?
A: We will need at least 4-6 weeks’ notice to schedule your workshop. Please provide at least two possible dates. We will do our best to accommodate one of your choices.
 







Q: How long does each workshop take?
A: Each topic-specific workshop runs 3 hours, but requires a minimum of 1½ hours for set-up and 1 hour for tear down. The duration of the session is listed in the topic overview.
A full day of workshops includes two 3-hour sessions, for a total of 6 hours of instruction. A minimum of 1 hour is required between sessions for clean-up and reset.
 







Q: How many teachers can attend each workshop?
A: Each session is designed to accommodate up to 20 attendees.
 







Q: What are the qualifications of the workshop presenters?
A: Our STEM professional development trainer is a full-time museum educator who specializes in STEM educational programs and content.
We have partnered with Carnegie Science Center, a nationally recognized, hands-on science museum located in Pittsburgh, PA. Our workshops are developed in collaboration with Carnegie Science Center and are designed to meet the needs of teachers and to provide content that is easily implemented in the classroom.
 







Q: What are my responsibilities?
A: Your presenter will contact you prior to your workshop to discuss the program requirements.
 







Q: What if I want to include the purchase of the equipment as part of the session.
A: We can provide special pricing that includes the cost of both the professional development training as well as materials for each individual attending the training.
Each attendee will receive the necessary scientific equipment required to perform the lab or activity in their classroom. To learn more about this option please contact us, email us at FSE.productmanagement@thermofisher.com, or call us at +1 724-517-2862.
 







Q: What if I have more questions?
A: Contact us, email us at FSE.productmanagement@thermofisher.com, or call us at +1 724-517-2862.
 











Fisher Science Education is committed to providing science education resources and tools to help improve the classroom experience for you and your students. Check our upcoming conferences page for information about upcoming educational conferences.
View Conferences
 










Careers


The demand for jobs that require STEM skills continues to grow and America needs a world-class STEM workforce to address the challenges of the 21st century. STEM literacy is imperative for today's students to become the strong, innovative workforce of tomorrow.






Robotics Engineering
Robots are becoming ubiquitous in everyday life. Robots build cars, help us checkout at the grocery store, and complete millions of tasks that human beings used to do.
Those who design robots must understand computer science, electrical systems, mechanical systems, and some aspects of human psychology. If you think that you can make better and more efficient robots, then perhaps pursuing a career in robotics engineering is your path.
In high school, a student who wants to pursue robotics should take mathematics and physics. In college, very few universities offer majors in robotics engineering, though some do. If robotics is something a student wants to pursue, finding a college or university with a major in robotics engineering is a great first step. Otherwise, a major in mechanical engineering, electrical engineering, or computer science will be a step in the right direction. After college, consider finding a Master's program in Robotics Engineering and Sciences.
Robotics engineers often work for private industry, though some do work in the government. According to the Occupational Information Network, O*Net, there are 44,800 robotics engineering positions that are expected to open between the years 2010-2020. A robotics engineer can expect to earn an average salary of $92,030.
Source: http://www.onetonline.org


  More
            
 











STEM Teacher
Every great student requires a great teacher. The fields about which we have written, and the fields about which we will continue to write, all encourage students to begin taking STEM courses in high school.
These STEM courses need good teachers to teach them. If learning about science, technology, engineering, and mathematics is what you want to do in college, and then you want to pass that knowledge on to future generations, consider becoming a STEM teacher.
To become a STEM teacher, first major in something you love in college: perhaps physics, mathematics, computer science. Engineers, such as chemical, civil, mechanical engineers also often have the background to teach high school STEM courses. After college, many states require a teaching certificate, or a Master of Education, to become a teacher. These postgraduate degrees will help you to become a better teacher as you instruct future generations.
Students interested in becoming a teacher can look forward to an average annual salary of $53,230. However that number does improve for teachers with a master’s degree. It is also important to remember that many teachers, just like their students, receive a two month summer vacation. There is some growth expected from 2010 to 2020: a growth of 7 percent, or an increase of 72,000 jobs.


  More
            
 











Pharmacist
Pharmacists provide an indispensable service to nearly all of us. They must use their knowledge of biology, chemistry, physiology, and medicine to help patients understand the risks and benefits of medications. 
Pharmacists work with patients, physicians, and insurance companies to ensure the best care possible for the patients. Pharmacists must use their scientific knowledge every day to make sure that patients are safe and healthy; their knowledge and use of science in their daily activities is extensive. Some pharmacists make their own medicine, which requires them to use scientific tools to compound different substances. Most pharmacists work in pharmacies, though some work for hospitals or in research facilities.
Students interested in pharmacy should know that pharmacists are required to have a Doctor of Pharmacy in order to practice. The Pharm.D. degree may be pursued after a student begins his or her undergraduate college career. Students should begin in high school with courses in biology and chemistry. In college, advanced courses in biology, chemistry, and anatomy and physiology will all be necessary to gain admission to a Pharm.D. program.         
Becoming a pharmacist is certainly a healthy career choice: the United States is expected to add 69,700 pharmacy positions – a job growth of 24% – from 2010 to 2020, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics. The average pharmacist earns $111,570 per year, which is much higher than the median pay in the United States.


  More
            
 











Geoscientist
The earth is our home, but it has existed for much longer than the human race. Geoscientists study the earth — its composition, its irregularities, its structure — to learn more about its history, and to tell us its secrets.
Geoscientists use their knowledge of geology, physics, and chemistry to study the earth. Geoscientists often work out in the field to take samples of rock and ice, and then return to a lab to analyze these samples. They support other fields, such as architecture, oil and natural gas, cartography, among others. Their knowledge of the earth is indispensable to our development of new technologies that help us live healthier, cleaner, and safer lives.    
Students who are interested in becoming geoscientists should begin taking math and physics in high school. In college, students should major in geosciences, geology or earth sciences. Other degrees, such as physics or chemistry, will allow a student to pursue higher education in a geosciences career, if they also took some work in the geosciences. Many geoscientists choose to pursue a doctorate, so that they can conduct their own research.             
Geoscience is a rock-solid career choice. The United States economy is predicted to increase its demand for geoscientists by 21 percent from 2010 to 2020, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics. The average geoscientist earns $82,500 per year while working for architecture firms, engineering firms, oil and gas companies, among others.


  More
            
 











Geneticist
Some children look like one parent, while others look like both parents; some siblings practically look like identical twins, while other siblings couldn’t look more different. Why are some genes passed down through generations, while others aren’t? Ask a geneticist.
A geneticist studies genes, and tries to understand how characteristics are inherited by a new generation of a species. Why might someone be interested in such a field? Geneticists are working to tell us how we can decrease the chances of a child inheriting a genetic disease. They work with agriculture, to create plants with new genes, such as ones that resist draught; some work in the law field, using their genetics background to mold new laws regarding the production of genes. A geneticist understands and works with genes, but in what context he or she works with genes is able to be defined individually.
A student interested in genetics should consider taking biology and chemistry courses in high school. In college, it may be possible to major in genetics. If a college or university does not offer genetics as a major, a budding geneticist should consider biology, biochemistry, or chemistry as fields of study. If research is in the future, statistics is also an important course to take. Many geneticists go on to earn either a masters or doctorate in genetics, though not all choose this course of action. It is also possible to earn a dual, M.D./Ph.D. for genetics, allowing geneticists to do broader medical work.
According to healthcare-salaries.com, the average geneticist in the United States earns $55,080-$82,620 per year. However that number varies greatly among geneticists with bachelor, master or doctorate degrees. Good news: according to a Georgetown University study of the economics of college majors, entitled “What’s It Worth” 99 percent of genetics majors are employed after graduation.


  More
            
 











Astronomer and Astrophysicist
When you look at Earth from the vast reaches of space, it looks like a blue marble. In the words of Carl Sagan, from his book Pale Blue Dot, “That's here. That's home. That's us. On it everyone you love, everyone you know, everyone you ever heard of, every human being who ever was, lived out their lives.” 
Do you ever look up at the night sky and wonder what happens beyond the confines of this planet?
Astronomers and astrophysicists study the origins of the universe, galaxies and stars. They use modern technology to observe the billions of galaxies beyond the Milky Way, and use this data to find new stars. Theoretical astronomers use advanced mathematics to mold theories surrounding the laws of the universe. Some of these theories, such as Albert Einstein’s Theory of General Relativity, end up impacting our lives in very real ways. Theoretical astronomers will usually find work in academia and will conduct research in their office; experimental astronomers and astrophysicists can find work in academia as well, but may also work for the government, such as at the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA), or for private research institutions. Some astronomers have to work non-traditional hours, as many will go to observatories at night to study the sky in more complete detail.
Students considering astronomy and astrophysics should begin by taking physics and calculus in high school. Many colleges and universities offer undergraduate degrees in physics, astrophysics and astronomy. To do independent research, a doctorate in one of these fields is also required.
Astronomers and Astrophysicists can expect to see job growth in the future: it is expected that the demand for astronomers will grow by 11 percent from 2010 to 2020. Astronomers, on average, earn $87,260 a year, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, though the pay varies widely.


  More
            
 











Chemical Engineer
Chemical Engineers apply the laws of chemistry and physics to solve real world problems. They design, develop and test equipment, processes and products that involve chemicals. A chemical engineer usually works in manufacturing, biotechnology or health care.
Job duties can include the design and development of equipment, products, including plastic, paper, detergent and gasoline or processes to use and manufacture chemicals or biochemicals. Building on initial discoveries made by chemists, chemical engineers use computer models and other processes to test the efficacy of these products and their safety for consumers, laborers and the environment. 
Chemical engineers find work in all stages of the manufacturing process, from raw materials to finished products. Some Chemical Engineers work in product design, applying their education in chemical theory to increase efficiency of new products. Not all Chemical Engineers find work in the private sector. According to the American Chemical Society (ACS), www.acs.org, almost 8% of chemistry professionals hold government positions. There are many jobs available in the local, state and federal governments for skilled Chemical Engineers. Chemical Engineers can also find their education suitable for teaching at the high school or college level. Holders of Bachelor's Degrees may find that teaching high school science or chemistry is their true calling. Master's Degree holders and Ph.D.s can hold teaching positions at universities or community colleges. Some academics also perform consulting work when not teaching.


  More
            
 











Environmental Engineer
An environmental engineer is an engineer trained to develop solutions to problems related to the environment using their knowledge of engineering, mathematics and natural science. Often, environmental engineers combine principles from civil, mechanical and chemical engineering to find innovative solutions to difficult problems.
Some environmental engineers work to make buildings more environmentally friendly, while others find ways to mitigate humanity’s impact on our world. An environmental engineer often has to know the environment in which she or he works before the project can begin; some environmental engineers work in an office, while others work on-site to oversee the development of a project.
Students who are interested in environmental engineering should begin taking math, physics, chemistry and biology in high school. These courses will be extremely valuable when entering college, and when working as an engineer. To become an environmental engineer, a Bachelor of Science degree in environmental, civil or mechanical engineering is necessary. In order to become a licensed engineer, it is best that a student go to a college or university that is accredited by the Accreditation Board for Engineering and Technology (ABET).
There are bright horizons for environmental engineers. The Bureau of Labor Statistics expects that the United States economy will add 11,300 environmental engineer positions in the next 10 years, accounting for a 24 percent rise in employment. The median salary for an environmental engineer is $78,740.
Source:http://www.bls.gov


  More
            
 











Forensic Anthropologist
Forensic anthropology combines the science of physical anthropology (human evolutionary biology, physical variation and classification) and osteology (study of the human skeleton) and applies the science in a legal setting.
Daily activities may involve identification of deceased individuals where the remains are burned, mutilated or in advances stages of decomposition. Forensic anthropologists often work with forensic pathologists and homicide investigators to identify evidence of trauma or calculate how long a person has been deceased. Students pursuing a career as a forensic anthropologist will need a bachelor’s degree in anatomy, biology, chemistry, physiology or anthropology as well as a graduate degree in human biology or anthropology. Most forensic anthropologists have a Ph.D. degree. Obtaining the highest level of academic achievement is important as this is not a high demand occupation and there are relatively few positions available. The most common initial career path is as a professor at a major college or university. The popularity of crime solving television shows has created an interest in careers in this field. Depending on education level, experience and area of focus, salaries for Forensic Anthropologists can range from $35,000 to $100,000 and higher annually.
Source: http://criminaljusticeonlineblog.com/forensic-anthropologist-career/


  More
            
 











Nuclear Engineer
Nuclear engineers research and develop the processes, instruments and systems that derive benefits from nuclear energy and radiation. They design, develop, monitor and operate nuclear plants to generate power. They may work on the nuclear fuel cycle or on the development of fusion energy. 
Some specialize in the development of nuclear power sources for naval vessels or spacecraft; others find industrial and medical uses for radioactive materials. Students pursuing a career in nuclear engineering will be required to obtain a bachelor's degree in engineering; however some research positions may require a graduate degree. Continuing education is critical for engineers in order to keep up with improvements in technology. Starting salaries are among the highest of all college graduates averaging $65,000 and up. For the moderately experienced nuclear engineer, the mean salary is slightly over $100,000 annually. Individuals in this field can anticipate 11 percent annual growth in employment opportunities. Most job growth will be in research and development and engineering services. Increased interest in nuclear power as an energy source will spur demand for nuclear engineers to research and develop new designs for reactors. They also will be needed to work in defense-related areas, to develop nuclear medical technology, and to improve and enforce waste management and safety standards. States with the highest published employment opportunities, location quotients, and wages for this occupation are California, Virginia, Pennsylvania, Tennessee and Washington. Data provided extrapolated from U.S. Bureau of Labor and Statistics website: http://www.bls.gov/home.htm


  More
            
 











Viticulturist
Many countries all over the world make remarkable wines — some that go for thousands of dollars. But what makes these wine enthusiasts pay exorbitant amounts of money for one bottle of wine? It generally boils down to the grapes. Who knows more about grapes than the person who breeds and cultivates them? The viticulturist.
Viticulturists grow high-quality grapes to make the best wine possible. They determine the best time to harvest and prune, and are vigilant in evaluating the vineyards for pests, disease, grapevine fertilization and mineral nutrition, irrigation and more. These "grape experts" are often working with vineyards, but can be found working for federal and state governments, colleges and universities and the private sector.
Students who are interested in pursuing a career in viticulture should take high school courses in the sciences, basic agriculture and communications and enroll in college classes like grapevine biology, water management and soil nutrition. To enter the field, an individual can earn anything from a certificate to an associate or bachelor's degree. However, those who want to go into research will also oftentimes need to earn a master's degree and/or a doctorate.
According to SimplyHired.com, the average annual salary for a viticulturist is $79,000, though it can vary greatly depending on the level of experience, education and geographic location. For example, a person in this field can earn an average salary of $105,000 in San Francisco, while in Erie, Pa., the average salary drops to $67,000 per year, according to the same website.
A study compiled by Cornell University reports employment opportunities are expected to increase between 9-17 percent between 2005 and 2014. Many of those jobs will be with private wineries in all 50 states, as well as with government and university research departments to improve vineyard management methods, harvesting techniques, environmental protection, water conservation, yield, quality and regulatory compliance.


  More
            
 





Project Lead the Way


We’re proud to be a primary supplier for Project Lead the Way (PLTW). Contact your Fisher Science Education Sales Representative to learn how PLTW together with the Fisher Science Education team can help to build your STEM program.
Find Your Sales Representative



Problem/Project-Based Learning












Problem and Project-based cases are ready-made lessons that give teachers an opportunity to provide relevant, real-world context to their content. Cases are designed to be complementary to a teacher’s existing curriculum and integrate easily within lesson plans. Download free samples to learn how Wake/UTD PBL cases can fit into your classroom.
Wake/UTD PBL - Problem / Project-Based Learning Cases
Wake Forest School of Medicine and the University of Texas at Dallas have partnered to become the leading resource for schools and districts that want to systematically introduce Problem and Project-Based Learning to their standard of teaching practice. Resources include K-12 STEM-focused professional development and hundreds of Problem and Project-based cases.
Learn More 











 Sample Lessons 
 













K-2 Science Who's Making That Noise?
You are camping out with friends. Noises in the night are keeping everyone awake! Who is making that noise? Students will explore concepts related to life science and earth and space science.



                        	 	
                           
                            
                            
                            
                                K-2 Science Who's Making That Noise?
                            
                           (820.6 KB)    
                        










Middle School Physical Science Newton's Council
You are a member of Newton's Council, and the Prime Minister of Earth has just given you a new assignment! Students will explore concepts related to motion and stability.



                        	 	
                           
                            
                            
                            
                                Middle School Physical Science Newton's Council
                            
                           (984.6 KB)    
                        










Fifth Grade Science Lighten Up
Students have been contacted by a local art museum to create and submit an art installation that utilizes the path of light. 



                        	 	
                           
                            
                            
                            
                                Fifth Grade Science Lighten Up
                            
                           (860.2 KB)    
                        










High School Biology Project Site
You are a research assistant for an ornithologist who has been asked to help in the development of a new shopping center. Students will explore concepts related to ecosystems.



                        	 	
                           
                            
                            
                            
                                High School Biology Project Site
                            
                           (1.2 MB)    
                        








Contact Us


Learn more about Fisher Science Education's STEM Program.










                            First Name: 
                        








                            Last Name: 
                        







Title:








                            Institution/District: 
                        








                            Address 1: 
                        







Address 2:








                            City: 
                        








                            State: 
                        



Please Select
AL
AK
AZ
AR
CA
CO
CT
DE
DC
FL
GA
HI
ID
IL
IN
IA
KS
KY
LA
ME
MD
MA
MI
MN
MS
MO
MT
NE
NV
NH
NJ
NM
NY
NC
ND
OH
OK
OR
PA
RI
SC
SD
TN
TX
UT
VT
VA
WA
WV
WI
WY






                            ZIP: 
                        







Phone:








                            Email: 
                        







Are you part of:



Please Select
K-12 School
College
Home School
Company/Reseller
Other





Job Function/Specialty:



Please Select
Administration
Department Chair
Principal
Chemistry
Earth & Space
Life Science/Biology
Physical Sci/Physics
Purchasing
Other















 
 






 

 



















STEM SALES, INC. IPO - NASDAQ.com

































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search






















Home > 
    Markets > 
    IPOs  > 
    Company IPO Overview





STEM SALES, INC. IPO




Overview




News Headlines




Financials & Filings




Experts















Key Data
Use of Proceeds
Competitors




Company Overview


Company Name
STEM SALES, INC.


Company Address
801 WEST BAY DRIVESUITE 418LARGO, FL 33770


Company Phone
7274159409


Company Website
 -- 


CEO
Robert M. Snibbe, Jr.


Employees  (as of 5/24/2017) 
2


State of Inc
FL


Fiscal Year End
12/31


Status
Filed (8/1/2014)


Proposed Symbol
 -- 


Exchange
FINRA - BB


Share Price
$0.10


Shares Offered
1,000,000


Offer Amount
$100,000.00


Total Expenses
$3,858.64


Shares Over Alloted
0


Shareholder Shares Offered
 -- 


Shares Outstanding
2,000,000


Lockup Period (days)
180


Lockup Expiration
 -- 


Quiet Period Expiration
 -- 


CIK
0001614083




Unless our current shareholders register their shares under a registration
statement with the U.S. Securities Exchange Commission, none of our currently
issued and outstanding shares of common stock will be eligible for sale under
the Securities Act.  

We will receive the proceeds from the sale of the common stock offered through
this prospectus.  We will incur all costs associated with this registration
statement and prospectus.  There is no minimum amount of shares that must be
sold during this offering.  All proceeds will be used for working capital and
the costs associated with the business combination we will pursue.


In identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business, we may encounter
intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to
ours. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience
identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates.
Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources
than us and our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted
with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there may be numerous
potential target businesses that we could acquire with the net proceeds of this
offering, our ability to compete in acquiring certain sizable target businesses
may be limited by our available financial resources.

The following also may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses:

. our obligation to seek stockholder approval of our initial business 
  combination may delay the completion of a transaction;

. our obligation to accept the shares of common stock held by our public
  stockholders who do not wish to remain investors may reduce the resources
  available to us for our initial business combination;

. our obligation to register the resale of the currently issued and outstanding
  securities issued to our officers, directors, original shareholders or their
  affiliates; and 

. the impact on the target business’ assets as a result of unknown liabilities
  under the securities laws or otherwise depending on developments involving us
  prior to the consummation of a business combination.

Any of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully
negotiating our initial business combination. Our management believes, however,
that our status as a public entity and potential access to the OTC MARKETS
markets may give us a competitive advantage over privately-held entities having
a similar business objective as ours in acquiring a target business with
significant growth potential on favorable terms.

If we succeed in effecting our initial business combination, there will be, in
all likelihood, intense competition from competitors of the target business.
Subsequent to our initial business combination, we may not have the resources or
ability to compete effectively.


Company Description
We are a blank check company formed under the laws of the State of Florida on
April 9, 2014. We were formed for the purpose of entering into a merger, share
exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or
other similar business combination, which we refer to


 throughout this prospectus
as our initial business combination, with one or more businesses or entities,
which we refer to throughout this prospectus as a target business. To date, our
efforts have been limited to organizational activities as well as activities
related to this offering. We have not selected any target business on which to
concentrate our search for our initial business combination.
---

Stem Sales, Inc. was formed on April 9, 2014 under the Laws of the State of
Florida. Our executive offices are located at 801 West Bay Drive; Suite 418,
Largo, FL  33770 and our telephone number is (727) 415-9409.


Full Description

The IPO profiles may contain historical records. Please visit the latest IPOs for the most recent information.




Company Financials



Revenue
 -- 


Net Income
-$9,131


Total Assets
$2,036






Total Liabilities
$17,735


Stockholders' Equity
-$15,699




Company Filings

                                    Viewing: 1 - 12 Total: 12
					            



Company Name
Form Type
Date Received
View



STEM SALES, INC.
424B3
5/24/2017
Filing



STEM SALES, INC.
424B3
1/17/2017
Filing



STEM SALES, INC.
424B3
8/9/2016
Filing



STEM SALES, INC.
S-1/A
1/26/2015
Filing



STEM SALES, INC.
S-1/A
1/20/2015
Filing



STEM SALES, INC.
S-1/A
1/5/2015
Filing



STEM SALES, INC.
S-1/A
12/8/2014
Filing



STEM SALES, INC.
S-1/A
10/20/2014
Filing



STEM SALES, INC.
S-1/A
10/1/2014
Filing



STEM SALES, INC.
S-1/A
9/24/2014
Filing



STEM SALES, INC.
S-1/A
9/5/2014
Filing



STEM SALES, INC.
S-1
8/1/2014
Filing







Experts


Auditor
Accell Audit & Compliance, P.A.


Auditor
DKM, CPAs


Company Counsel
Diane J. Harrison, Esq.


Company Counsel
Harrison Law, P.A


Transfer Agent
Interwest Transfer Company Inc.


Underwriter
 -- 


Underwriter
Self-underwritten






                                There are no news stories for this IPO at this time.
                            












Today's Market Activity





NASDAQ

6374.68


-7.51
 ▼ 
0.12%





DJIA

21830.31


33.76
 ▲ 
0.15%





S&P 500

2472.10


-3.32
 ▼ 
0.13%










Data as of Jul 28, 2017


Try for Free: NASDAQ LiveQuotes Platform



View All















Latest News Headlines




                            GLOBAL MARKETS-Stocks edge lower as some earnings disappoint; oil rises
                        



	                     5:08PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            LATAM Airlines Group announces liability management actions
                        



	                     5:07PM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                




                            U.S. proposes cigarette nicotine cut, shift toward e-cigarettes
                        



	                     5:02PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            Sysco Declares Quarterly Dividend Payment
                        



	                     5:00PM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                





View All Latest Headlines

















Upcoming Earnings



Company
Expected Report Date




AAPL
Jul 25, 2017


ODFL
Jul 27, 2017


FB
Jul 26, 2017


TSLA
Aug 2, 2017


T
Jul 20, 2017


AMZN
Jul 27, 2017


VZ
Jul 27, 2017


GE
Jul 21, 2017





Earnings Calendar


























CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX





































