
Sterneck Capital Management, LLC - About | Facebook







FacebookEmail or PhonePasswordForgot account?Sign UpHomePostsReviewsPhotosAboutLikesEventsCreate a PageAboutSuggest EditsFIND US4510 Belleview Ave.Kansas City, MissouriGet DirectionsCall (816) 531-2254HOURSCloses in 20 minutes8:00AM - 5:00PMBUSINESS INFOFounded in 1989MissionOur Mission:  As a fiduciary we commit to excellence and high standards as we deliver tailored portfolios and financial planning to reduce risk, improving the probability of our clients’ success.ADDITIONAL CONTACT INFOinfo@sterneckcapital.comhttp://www.sterneckcapital.comMORE INFOAboutRegistered Investment AdvisorAwards2016 Top Rated Financial Advisor by AdvisoryHQ  wwwadvisoryhq.comPrivacy PolicycategoriesFinancial Service · Finance CompanySTORYFounded by Frank and Robin Sterneck, the firm was originated to apply institutional expertise and tools to help individuals and their families invest wisely to achieve their financial goals.  Sterneck Capital designs customized portfolios commensurate with clients' risk tolerance, time horizon and personal objectives.    Sterneck Capital Management (SCM) is a multi-cap, value manager with a broad ...expertise in the equity, options and fixed income markets.  The firm relies on fundamental analysis and to a lesser extent quantitative analysis, believing fundamentally sound companies are good to own, but should be purchased at the right price.  Generally, SCM operates with a long-term focus and often buys on weakness and sells on strength. See MoreMilestones1989Founded in 1989English (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Robin Sterneck, Sterneck Capital Management LLC: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  




























Feedback





Robin Sterneck

President,
Sterneck Capital Management LLC






Career History




President/Founder
Highland Birch Group, PRESENT


President
Sterneck Capital Management LLC, PRESENT


Global Marketing Director
Employers Reinsurance Corp, 1/2001-10/2001


Head:Commercial Insurance
Swiss Reinsurance Co Ltd, FORMER


Senior Vice President
GE Capital, FORMER


Investment Banker
Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc, FORMER



General Electric Co, FORMER


Show More







Corporate Information
Address:



Phone:
-


Fax:
-











From The Web












Personal Information



Education



Trinity College
Bachelor's Degree


Tulane University
MBA








Memberships



Board Memberships




Epr Properties


Trustee, 9/2013-PRESENT




Greater Kansas City Community Foundation


Board Member, UNKNOWN-5/2015






Other Memberships




Nacd


Board Member









Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data













































Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.






Sterneck Capital Management Llc in Kansas City, MO 64111 - ChamberofCommerce.com




   =     


        









Sign Up
Sign In
Contact Us


 














Search
 

near
 













Home
» Missouri
» Kansas City
» Banking Services
» Sterneck Capital Management Llc













Sterneck Capital Management Llc


0 Reviews

0.0000 stars - based on 0 reviews
                            





4510 Belleview Ave Ste 204 Kansas City, Missouri 64111




 



 

Print |
                Save |
                Directions


About
Sterneck Capital Management Llc is located at the address 4510 Belleview Ave in Kansas City, Missouri 64111.  Sterneck Capital Management Llc specializes in Medical, Children & Teens, Short-Term Disability.  Sterneck Capital Management Llc has an annual sales volume of 501K - 999,999.  .For more information contact Henry S. Lane, Senior Portfolio ManagerSterneck Capital Management Llc provides Retirement Planning, Disability Income, Credit Counseling to it's customers.  For maps and directions to Sterneck Capital Management Llc view the map to the right.  For reviews of Sterneck Capital Management Llc see below.









Business Features

PRODUCTS


Surety Bonds
, Government Securities
, Improvement Loans
, Profit Sharing Plans
, Bonds
, Personal Loans
, Employer-Sponsored Pensions
, Employee Benefits
, Construction Loans
, Business Accounts



SERVICES


Disability Income
, Individual Services
, Online Services
, Financial Management
, Estimates
, Credit Counseling
, Retirement Planning
, Assessments
, Account Inquiries
, Wealth Management


 SPECIALTIES


Children & Teens
, Medical
, Short-Term Disability
, Strategic Planning
, Equipment Breakdown



 


Information

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Employee Size: 1 To 4
Exact Employee Count: 3
Exact Sales Volume: 750000
Sales Volume: 501K - 999,999
CATEGORIES:


Banking Services
Finance
Commercial Banking



People Also Viewed


Patient Financial Services Inc


  Kansas City, Missouri 64101




FINANCIAL WELLNESS SERVICES LL


1251 Nw Briarcliff Pkwy  Kansas City, Missouri 64116




Bank of America


8550 Holmes rd Lbby  Kansas City, Missouri 64131




Bank of America


8351 Nw Prairie View Rd  Kansas City, Missouri 64151




TEMAMS LLC


6505 N Prospect Ave  Kansas City, Missouri 64119




Bank Of America Corp


331 Westport Rd  Kansas City, Missouri 64111





Reviews

Add


You must Sign in to post reviews.





by  on 






Click here to be the first to review this business...



0 Reviews
 


Key Contacts




Henry S. Lane
SENIOR PORTFOLIO MANAGER
Phone: (816) 531-2254 
 



 























 






Site Map
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
About
Partners
Chamber Partner Program
Chamber Member Benefits




Top Cities:
Atlanta
Bronx
Brooklyn
Chicago
Cleveland
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Phoenix
Saint Louis
San Antonio
San Diego
San Jose


© 2017 CHAMBEROFCOMMERCE.COM










﻿






























Stock Yards Bank & Trust Co. Decreases Position in Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. (NYSE:APD) - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for Air Products and Chemicals Inc.

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Air Products and Chemicals Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

Public Employees Retirement System of Ohio Sells 2,967 Shares of Cardinal Health, Inc. (NYSE:CAH)
Bath Savings Trust Co Purchases New Position in Zoetis Inc. (ZTS)
Parsons Capital Management Inc. RI Invests $219,000 in Pioneer Natural Resources Company (NYSE:PXD)
Nuveen Asset Management LLC Buys 4,553 Shares of CBRE Group, Inc. (NYSE:CBG)
Jive Software (NASDAQ:JIVE) Receives Media Sentiment Rating of 0.18
Unum Group (NYSE:UNM) Position Decreased by Nomura Asset Management Co. Ltd.
KAMES CAPITAL plc Sells 362 Shares of VCA Inc. (WOOF)
Lau Associates LLC Acquires 600 Shares of Nucor Corporation (NUE)
Pensionfund Sabic Holds Position in Marsh & McLennan Companies, Inc. (MMC)
BlackRock, Inc. (NYSE:BLK) Shares Bought by Rafferty Asset Management LLC
Insider Selling: Arista Networks, Inc. (NYSE:ANET) SVP Sells 2,000 Shares of Stock
Suncor Energy  Inc. (NYSE:SU) Stake Held by Neville Rodie & Shaw Inc.
Insider Selling: Natural Gas Services Group, Inc. (NYSE:NGS) CEO Sells 12,000 Shares of Stock
Solar Senior Capital Ltd. (SUNS) Upgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research
Handelsbanken Fonder AB Takes Position in Tata Motors Ltd (TTM)
Clorox Company (The) (CLX) Position Maintained by Capital Asset Advisory Services LLC
Stock Yards Bank & Trust Co. Decreases Position in Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. (NYSE:APD)
Barclays PLC Reaffirms Equal weight Rating for Antofagasta plc (LON:ANTO)
SSP Group PLC (LON:SSPG) Receives Add Rating from Numis Securities Ltd
Nomura Asset Management Co. Ltd. Sells 9,569 Shares of Paychex, Inc. (PAYX)







Stock Yards Bank & Trust Co. Decreases Position in Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. (NYSE:APD)


					Posted by Lucas Kauffman on Jul 28th, 2017 // No Comments




Stock Yards Bank & Trust Co. reduced its stake in shares of  Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. (NYSE:APD) by 1.5% during the second quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The firm owned 2,726 shares of the basic materials company’s stock after selling 42 shares during the period. Stock Yards Bank & Trust Co.’s holdings in Air Products and Chemicals were worth $390,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. 
Several other large investors have also bought and sold shares of the stock. iAB Financial Bank acquired a new stake in  Air Products and Chemicals during the first quarter valued at $100,000.  Patten Group Inc. boosted its stake in  Air Products and Chemicals by 3.7% in the first quarter. Patten Group Inc. now owns 778 shares of the basic materials company’s stock valued at $105,000 after buying an additional 28 shares in the last quarter.  State of Alaska Department of Revenue acquired a new stake in  Air Products and Chemicals during the first quarter valued at $109,000.  Guardian Life Insurance Co. of America boosted its stake in  Air Products and Chemicals by 0.7% in the first quarter. Guardian Life Insurance Co. of America now owns 838 shares of the basic materials company’s stock valued at $113,000 after buying an additional 6 shares in the last quarter.  Finally, Webster Bank N. A. boosted its stake in  Air Products and Chemicals by 68.2% in the first quarter. Webster Bank N. A. now owns 851 shares of the basic materials company’s stock valued at $115,000 after buying an additional 345 shares in the last quarter. 89.27% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. 


 Get Air Products and Chemicals Inc. alerts:



Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. (APD) opened at 143.65 on Friday. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $144.50 and a 200 day moving average price of $141.86. Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. has a 12 month low of $129.00 and a 12 month high of $150.45. The company has a market capitalization of $31.28 billion, a PE ratio of 9.93 and a beta of 1.26. 





Air Products and Chemicals (NYSE:APD) last released its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, April 27th. The basic materials company reported $1.43 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.38 by $0.05. The business had revenue of $1.98 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $1.84 billion. Air Products and Chemicals had a return on equity of 19.26% and a net margin of 36.19%. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 11.4% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the previous year, the company posted $1.82 EPS.  On average, equities research analysts forecast that  Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. will post $6.16 EPS for the current fiscal year. 
The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, November 13th. Investors of record on Tuesday, October 10th will be paid a $0.95 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Friday, October 6th. This represents a $3.80 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.65%. Air Products and Chemicals’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 26.28%. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Stock Yards Bank & Trust Co. Decreases Position in Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. (NYSE:APD)” was first  posted by Chaffey Breeze and is owned by of Chaffey Breeze. If you are reading this story on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright & trademark legislation. The original version of this story can be read at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/28/stock-yards-bank-trust-co-decreases-position-in-air-products-and-chemicals-inc-nyseapd.html. 
Several research firms have recently weighed in on APD. Jefferies Group LLC  reissued a “hold” rating and issued a $155.00 price objective on shares of Air Products and Chemicals in a research report on Friday, July 14th. Zacks Investment Research cut Air Products and Chemicals from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Monday, May 1st. BidaskClub cut Air Products and Chemicals from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Friday, June 23rd. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG raised Air Products and Chemicals from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and increased their price objective for the company from $148.00 to $160.00 in a research report on Monday, May 1st. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, five have issued  a hold rating and seven have given a buy rating to the company. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $152.85.
About Air Products and Chemicals
Air Products and Chemicals, Inc, is an industrial gases company. The Company’s Industrial Gases business provides atmospheric and process gases and related equipment to manufacturing markets, including refining and petrochemical, metals, electronics, and food and beverage. The Company is also a supplier of liquefied natural gas process technology and equipment.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding APD? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. (NYSE:APD).







Receive News & Ratings for Air Products and Chemicals Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Air Products and Chemicals Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 
















































Frank Martin Sterneck - Founder at Sterneck Capital Management LLC



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Frank Martin Sterneck
Founder at Sterneck Capital Management LLC



Overview
Relationships Paths
Education Career History Boards & Committees Political Donations 


Frank Martin Sterneck
Founder at Sterneck Capital Management LLC



 Overview



Notable Companies


Sterneck Capital Management LLC




Board Seats



2





Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 670 people.
              






 Relationships
              See Details




Susan L. Goldsmith

Executive Vice President at Jewish Heritage Foundation of Greater Kansas City




Stanley P. Weiner

Vice Presidentinvestments at Jewish Heritage Foundation of Greater Kansas City





Sharon Greenwood

Vice President-Grants at Jewish Heritage Foundation of Greater Kansas City




Steven A. Gershon

Director & Treasurer at Village Shalom, Inc.





Rodney T. Minkin

Secretary at Jewish Federation of Greater Kansas City




Stanley J. Bushman

Board Member at Jewish Heritage Foundation of Greater Kansas City





Karen D. Pack

Director at Jewish Community Campus of Kansas City




Howard Jacobson

Founder at Paragon Capital Management LLC





Daniel L. Scharf

Director-Cardiovascular Services at Midwest Division-MMC LLC




Mark C. Myron

Director at American Academy of Hospice & Palliative Medicine







See 660 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 660 More 


 


 Paths to Frank Martin Sterneck



            Frank Martin Sterneck          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Frank Martin Sterneck






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Frank Martin Sterneck.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Educational Background



BA 


Tulane University

                  Tulane University is a private, nonsectarian research university located in New Orleans, Louisiana, United States. Founded as a public medical college in 1834, the school grew into a comprehensive university in 1847 and was eventually privatized under the endowments of Paul Tulane and Josephine Louise Newcomb in 1884. Tulane is a member of the Association of American Universities.                




MBA 


Tulane University - A.B. Freeman School of Business

                  The A. B. Freeman School of Business at Tulane University, originally the College of Commerce and Business Administration, was established in 1914 and is a founding member of the Association to Advance Collegiate Schools of Business (AACSB), the premier accrediting body for collegiate schools of business. Today, the Freeman School is a leading, internationally recognized business school with more than 2,500 students in programs spanning the globe. With innovative curricula that combine outstanding classroom instruction with distinctive experiential learning opportunities, the Freeman School is dedicated to preparing current and future business leaders to contribute positively to their organizations and their communities.

In its Essential Science Indicators index, Thomson Scientific ranks the Freeman School in the top 1 percent of institutions based on citations in business and economics between January 2000 and April 2010, with 197 faculty papers collectively cited 1,864 times. Among institutions that produced at least 100 indexed papers in the field during that period, Freeman's impact score of 9.46 cites per paper places it at No. 70 of the 181 institutions in the top 1 percent.                





 Career History



Founder

                                    1998 - Current                


Sterneck Capital Management LLC


                  Founded by Frank Sterneck in 1989, Sterneck Capital Management LLC is an investment advisor firm located in Kansas City, Missouri. Their services include: customized portfolio management, managed accounts, investment limited partnerships, IRA/403(b) rollovers, 401(k) Plans, 529 College Savings Plans and cash management.                




Vice President-Investments

                                    Tenure Unconfirmed                


Jewish Heritage Foundation of Greater Kansas City






Portfolio Manager

                                    1997 - 2015                


Westport Resources Management, Inc.


                  Westport Resources Management Inc

Life is complex, particularly in the world of finance. Constant tax law changes and governmental
regulation, coupled with fluctuation in both domestic and international markets, are causing
many to become increasingly weary of taking on more risk than needed. Given these
uncertainties, making sound financial decisions has become more and more difficult. At
Westport Resources, meeting financial priorities, achieving realistic targets and being able to
sleep at night are our foremost priorities.

Most multi-planner practices tend to be “generalists,” being proficient at a number of pieces of
the financial puzzle, yet being an expert at none……that is not how we operate. Westport
Resources employs a team approach, having built a team of top-tier financial & investment
experts, each with complementary areas of expertise.                




Vice President-Equity Sales & Trading

                                    Prior                


Salomon, Inc.


                  Salomon Inc. was a worldwide investment banker, market maker and research firm serving corporations, governments and their agencies, central banks and other financial institutions. In addition, Salomon is a leading global trader and refiner of crude oil and energy-related products.                




Vice President

                                    Prior                


Salomon Brothers


                  Salomon Brothers was a Wall Street investment bank - a so-called bulge bracket company. Founded in 1910 by three brothers (Arthur, Herbert and Percy) along with a clerk named Ben Levy, it remained a partnership until the early 1980s, when it was acquired by the commodity trading firm Phibro Corporation and then became Salomon Inc. Eventually Salomon (NYSE:SB) was acquired by Travelers Group in 1998, and following the latter's merger with Citicorp that same year, Salomon became part of Citigroup.                





 Boards & Committees



Non-Profit Boards ▾




Board Member

                    Tenure Unconfirmed                  


Jewish Heritage Foundation of Greater Kansas City






Director

                    Tenure Unconfirmed                  


Jewish Federation of Greater Kansas City

                    THE JEWISH FEDERATION OF GREATER KANSAS CITY'S MISSION IS TO SUSTAIN AND ENHANCE JEWISH LIFE AT HOME AND AROUND THE WORLD.                  





 Political Donations



$1,000

                  2011                


Kevin Yoder


                  Representative from Kansas's 3rd Congressional District                




$2,400

                  2010                


Kevin Yoder


                  Representative from Kansas's 3rd Congressional District                




$250

                  2004                


Jamie F. Metzl


                  Founder at Partnership for a Secure America                




$1,000

                  1991                


Christopher S. Bond








 Other Affiliations




              Frank Martin Sterneck is affiliated with
                            Sterneck Capital Management LLC, Jewish Heritage Foundation of Greater Kansas City, Westport Resources Management, Inc., Salomon, Inc., Salomon Brothers, Jewish Heritage Foundation of Greater Kansas City, Jewish Federation of Greater Kansas City.
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤















Sterneck Capital Management LLC                                                                                          - Kansas City                                       , MO         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



MO



Kansas City



Investment Advice



Investment Advice



                            Sterneck Capital Management LLC
                                    



 





















S 


Sterneck Capital Management LLC                                                                                         
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



4510 BELLEVIEW AVE # 204 KANSAS CITY, MO 64111
Get Directions



(816) 531-2254
www.sterneckcapital.com                                                                                 





Business Info



 Founded 2004
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $1,435,985.00
 Employee Count 8
 Industries Investment Advice
 Contacts Frank Sterneck                                                                                                          







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2004, Sterneck Capital Management Llc                                                                                          has been providing Investment Advice from Kansas City. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







S

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.


















Sterneck Capital Management







































































 

 


 







Trust your future to trusted advisors.
We create custom portfolios and personal implementation plans for each and every client.

Schedule a Consultation

Your interest above all else.
The Fiduciary Standard protects you from investments beyond your risk tolerance.



25+ years of Service.
120+ years of Experience.
We use our combined experience to serve the individual, not the institutional.



Getting you there.
Before we get involved, we get to know you through our diligent discovery process.












Your interest above all else.
The Fiduciary Standard protects you from investments beyond your risk tolerance.


25+ years of Service.
120+ years of Experience.
We use our combined experience to serve the individual, not the institutional.


Getting you there.
Before we get involved, we get to know you through our diligent discovery process.




Thank you for your interest in
Sterneck Capital Management.

We hope to hear from you.



Contact Us
Name * E-Mail *  Message * 
   

Legal Information Privacy Policy
Business Continuity
Disclosures
ADV Part II
Pages Home
How We Work
Services
Who We Are
Contact Us
News & Resources
Address 4510 Belleview, Suite 204
Kansas City, MO 64111

Contact Us Phone: 816.531.2254
Fax: 816.268.2239



























Scroll to top







Legal Information - Sterneck






































































 

 


 







Everything we do to keep you safe.



Privacy Policy
Sterneck Capital Management, LLC (“Sterneck Capital”) recognizes and respects the privacy expectations of our clients.  [1]  We provide this notice to you so that you are aware of the types of information we collect about our clients and the circumstances in which that information may be disclosed to third parties who are not affiliated with Sterneck Capital.
Collection of Client Information
We collect nonpublic personal information about our clients from the following sources:
• Account Applications, advisory agreements and other forms, which may include a client’s name, address, social security number, driver’s license and information about a customer’s investment goals and risk tolerance;
• Account History, including information about the transactions, cost basis and balances in a client’s account; and
• Correspondence, written, telephonic or electronic, between a client and Sterneck Capital or service providers to Sterneck Capital.
Among other sources, we may collect this information through Internet web sites.
Disclosure of Client Information
We may disclose all of the information described above to certain third parties who are not affiliated with the firm under one or more of the following circumstances;
• As Authorized – if you request or authorize disclosure of the information.
• As Required by Law – for example, to cooperate with regulators or law enforcement authorities.
• As otherwise Permitted by Law – for example, sharing information with companies that maintain, process or service customer accounts or financial products and services or effect, administer or enforce customer transactions is permitted.  Among other activities, we may share information with broker-dealers in order to execute customer trades or with custodians that hold securities on behalf of customers.  We believe that sharing of information for these purposes is essential to providing clients with necessary or useful services with respect to their accounts.
• Under Joint Agreements – we may also share information with companies that perform marketing services on our behalf or to other financial institutions with whom we have joint marketing agreements.
Security of Client Information
We require service providers to the firm:
• to maintain policies and procedures designed to assure only appropriate access to information about customers of the firm;
• to limit the use of information about the firm’s customers to the purposes for which the information was disclosed, or as otherwise permitted by law; and
• to maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards that comply with federal standards to guard non-public personal information about our customers.
We will adhere to the policies and practices described in this notice regardless of whether you are a current or former client of the firm.

If you have questions regarding these policies, please contact us by writing to Sterneck Capital Management, 4510 Belleview Ave., Suite 204, Kansas City MO. Attention: Mr. Regan Ervin, or by calling 816.531.2254.
 [1] For purposes of this notice, the terms “client” or “clients” include both (i) individuals who have a continuing account management or advisory relationships with the firm (e.g., by having an management contract with the firm) and (ii) individuals who provide nonpublic personal information to the firm, but who do not have a continuing relationship with the firm (e.g., an individual who provides such information in deciding whether to become a client, whether or not the individual establishes a continuing relationship with the firm).


Business Continuity
Sterneck Capital has developed business continuity plans to address the possibility of a significant business disruption.  Plans are reviewed, updated and exercised on a regular basis.  Should an event occur that hinders our ability to conduct normal business operation, Sterneck Capital has secured remote locations to resume critical business operations within a reasonable period of time.  Should business functions be interrupted by the loss of a primary business facility, associates and/or “work” would be relocated to an alternate site.  In the event of a systems loss, applications would be redirected to our primary recovery location, which could be an alternate facility or a remote recovery service provider.  The hierarchical structure of Sterneck Capital’s recovery plans includes the ability to address incidents that are facility, city, state or regional in nature.
If you have questions about our business continuity planning, you can contact us at 816.531.2254 or info@sterneckcapital.com.



Disclosures
Sterneck Capital Management, LLC is an Investment Advisor registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission. No client or prospective client should assume that any information presented or made available on or through this website, is a receipt of, or a substitute for personalized investment management. Investment Management advice can only be rendered after the following conditions are met: 1. Delivery of our Form ADV Part II to you; 2. Execution of an Investment Management Agreement between us. You may obtain a copy of our ADV Part II Disclosure Statement or brochure containing similar information by sending a written request to Sterneck Capital Management, LLC, Attn: Regan Ervin 4510 Belleview Avenue, Suite 204, Kansas City, MO 64111. Additionally, please note that hyperlinks included throughout this site are provided as a matter of convenience and we disclaim any and all responsibility for information, services or products found on websites linked hereto. Please contact the firm or review our privacy policy for further information.
Sterneck Capital Management, LLC is not engaged in the practice of law and does not provide legal advice. Always consult with an attorney regarding your specific legal situation.

   

Legal Information Privacy Policy
Business Continuity
Disclosures
ADV Part II
Pages Home
How We Work
Services
Who We Are
Contact Us
News & Resources
Address 4510 Belleview, Suite 204
Kansas City, MO 64111

Contact Us Phone: 816.531.2254
Fax: 816.268.2239



























Scroll to top







How We Work - Sterneck






































































 

 


 







Value Takes Vision
We’re here to serve you not just today, but tomorrow, so together we can build a legacy you can leave behind for generations. 




Unclouded Vision
Your interest above all else.
We act in the interest of the individual. You.
We adhere to the Fiduciary Standard, the highest level of care in the financial services industry. The Fiduciary Standard establishes that your interests come first. It ensures objective, professional advice. Unconflicted communication. Full and fair disclosure. It ensures we act as guardians of your investments, uninfluenced by the prospect of profit. More than legal, it’s personal. It’s a moral code we hold ourselves to. 
That’s the Sterneck standard.










A Century of Insights
25+ years of service.
120+ years of experience.
We began with one intention: Serve the individual, not the institutional.
More than 25 years on, we’re unwavering in our work to bring you the same level of investment expertise hedge fund clients enjoy. Our portfolio managers are SEC Registered Investment Advisors with investment, risk and wealth management expertise.
From Wall Street to Fortune 500 management, from MBAs to CFPs, our professional investors bring a wealth of diverse experience to our firm and our clients.






Looking Ahead
Getting you there.
Every individual is different. Before we get involved, we get to know you.
In a diligent discovery process, we evaluate your financial needs, asset allocation and current portfolio. We assess your risk comfort level, balance it with the risk required to achieve your objectives, then look for current market opportunities.
Fully informed, we then begin crafting your custom portfolio and personal implementation plan. Through expert fundamental and technical analysis, we identify undervalued securities and determine target entry and exit points.
From there, we personally monitor your accounts through active management and periodic in-depth reviews. This proprietary process never wavers. But, like people, no two plans are the same. Nor should they be.








Unclouded Vision
Your interest above all else.
We act in the interest of the individual. You.
We adhere to the Fiduciary Standard, the highest level of care in the financial services industry. The Fiduciary Standard establishes that your interests come first. It ensures objective, professional advice. Unconflicted communication. Full and fair disclosure. It ensures we act as guardians of your investments, uninfluenced by the prospect of profit. More than legal, it’s personal. It’s a moral code we hold ourselves to.
That’s the Sterneck standard.




A Century of Insights
25+ years of service.
120+ years of experience.
We began with one intention: Serve the individual, not the institutional.
More than 25 years on, we’re unwavering in our work to bring you the same level of investment expertise hedge fund clients enjoy. Our portfolio managers are SEC Registered Investment Advisors with investment, risk and wealth management expertise.
From Wall Street to Fortune 500 management, from MBAs to CFPs, our professional investors bring a wealth of diverse experience to our firm and our clients.




Looking Ahead
Getting you there.
Every individual is different. Before we get involved, we get to know you.
In a diligent discovery process, we evaluate your financial needs, asset allocation and current portfolio. We assess your risk comfort level, balance it with the risk required to achieve your objectives, then look for current market opportunities.
Fully informed, we then begin crafting your custom portfolio and personal implementation plan. Through expert fundamental and technical analysis, we identify undervalued securities and determine target entry and exit points.
From there, we personally monitor your accounts through active management and periodic in-depth reviews. This proprietary process never wavers. But, like people, no two plans are the same. Nor should they be.


We Strive for Success
Achieving your financial goals is our only goal. If you have any unmet needs, we’d love to get to know you.



Account Services

Design and implement custom portfolio solutions
401(k) advisory services to Plan Sponsors
Investment education
Private equity placement
Interface with accountants, estate planners and other professionals
Financial Planning




Account Types

Individual Accounts
Trust Accounts
Traditional/Roth IRA
401(k) Rollovers
Foundations / Donor-Advised Foundations
Custodial Accounts
529s / Coverdells


   

Legal Information Privacy Policy
Business Continuity
Disclosures
ADV Part II
Pages Home
How We Work
Services
Who We Are
Contact Us
News & Resources
Address 4510 Belleview, Suite 204
Kansas City, MO 64111

Contact Us Phone: 816.531.2254
Fax: 816.268.2239



























Scroll to top







Contact Us - Sterneck






































































 

 


 







See what we can do for you.



Contact Us
Name * E-Mail *  Message * 

Address
4510 Belleview, Suite 204
Kansas City, MO 64111

Contact Us
Phone: 816.531.2254
Fax: 816.268.2239

   

Legal Information Privacy Policy
Business Continuity
Disclosures
ADV Part II
Pages Home
How We Work
Services
Who We Are
Contact Us
News & Resources
Address 4510 Belleview, Suite 204
Kansas City, MO 64111

Contact Us Phone: 816.531.2254
Fax: 816.268.2239



























Scroll to top







News & Resources - Sterneck






































































 

 


 







Our Thoughts

Investment Insights
Planning
Announcements
Newsletters
Upcoming Events


 2017 July Newsletter			 July 10, 2017/in Investment Insights, Newsletters /by Brandie GiffinThe S&P 500 has been trading at the “high-end of fair value” for some time.  What does this mean?  Read this quarter’s newsletter to find out.  
Topics of interested include:    

2Q Market Activity Update
Historical Perspective of the S&P 500
 Sterneck Capital Management’s Community Outreach

Click here for July 2017 Newsletter


http://sterneckcapital.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/03/SterneckCapital-logo-300x300.png
0
0

Brandie Giffin

http://sterneckcapital.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/03/SterneckCapital-logo-300x300.png

Brandie Giffin2017-07-10 23:22:242017-07-14 16:43:222017 July Newsletter 2017 April Newsletter			 April 18, 2017/in Investment Insights, Newsletters /by Brandie GiffinHas the transition of power in Washington DC impacted the market?  Read this quarter’s newsletter for an overview of:  

1Q market activity update
Sterneck Capital’s perspective of “index orphans”
Scaling ideas to find income generating assets with low market correlation

Click Here for April 2017 Newsletter


http://sterneckcapital.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/03/SterneckCapital-logo-300x300.png
0
0

Brandie Giffin

http://sterneckcapital.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/03/SterneckCapital-logo-300x300.png

Brandie Giffin2017-04-18 18:25:252017-04-18 18:25:252017 April Newsletter We Are Honored!			 January 21, 2017/in Announcements /by Brandie GiffinDear Clients — We thank you for allowing us to be your trusted advisor for the past 25+ years, now in:

26 states and
4 countries, serving
Fortune 400 Executives,
Large & Small Business Owners,
Legal & Medical Professionals,
Non-Profit Servants,
Farmers & Ranchers , and
Dedicated Family Investors

As a result of introductions made by satisfied clients, Sterneck Capital’s footprint is vast. With team members located across 6 states, we are honored to be your trusted advisor and dedicate ourselves to ongoing client-centric excellence.
Know someone who may value our expertise in a state we are not yet servicing?  Let us know, we may be able to change that.



http://sterneckcapital.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/03/SterneckCapital-logo-300x300.png
0
0

Brandie Giffin

http://sterneckcapital.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/03/SterneckCapital-logo-300x300.png

Brandie Giffin2017-01-21 19:00:462017-01-21 20:29:32We Are Honored! Education For The Ladies			 January 20, 2017/in Upcoming Events /by Brandie GiffinOur Empowered Women Education Series is taking a road-trip to Saint Louis.
Join us February 28th for a modern day tea luncheon.  We’ll discuss the 5 Pillars of Well-Being with specific focus on financial wellness.  It’s not your grandmother’s tea party…
Click Here for Invitation and Details!


http://sterneckcapital.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/03/SterneckCapital-logo-300x300.png
0
0

Brandie Giffin

http://sterneckcapital.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/03/SterneckCapital-logo-300x300.png

Brandie Giffin2017-01-20 22:46:502017-01-20 22:46:50Education For The Ladies

   

Legal Information Privacy Policy
Business Continuity
Disclosures
ADV Part II
Pages Home
How We Work
Services
Who We Are
Contact Us
News & Resources
Address 4510 Belleview, Suite 204
Kansas City, MO 64111

Contact Us Phone: 816.531.2254
Fax: 816.268.2239



























Scroll to top







Who We Are - Sterneck






































































 

 


 







Your Team of Investors
At Sterneck Capital we serve all our clients with hedge fund expertise backed by 120+ years of experience.












Frank M. Sterneck
Founder & Chief Investment Officer











Regan P. Ervin
Chief Operating Officer, Chief Compliance Officer











Robin P. Sterneck
President











Brandie M. Giffin
Managing Director











Laura W. Greenbaum
Director of Client Relationships











Zachary R. Emslie CFP®
Planning & Retirement Specialist











Alec J. Bethurum
Senior Portfolio Manager











Rick Schilffarth
Director of Marketing











Merrit G. Kerr
Office Manager








        Frank M. Sterneck        

Founder & Chief Investment Officer


MBA, BA Economics, Tulane University
fsterneck@sterneckcapital.com
816.268.2230

After a career as Vice President of Salomon Brothers on Wall Street, Frank Sterneck founded Sterneck Capital Management in New York in 1989.
Frank moved away from the noise of Wall Street and relocated Sterneck Capital in Kansas City in 2001.
Having worked with both individual and institutional clients, weathering many market fluctuations in his 30-year career, Frank brings informed experience and an active approach to overseeing client relationships and leading the portfolio team.
Now established in Kansas City, Frank is involved in the community and has worked with many nonprofits over the years, including serving as President of the Jewish Heritage Foundation.






        Regan P. Ervin        

Chief Operating Officer, Chief Compliance Officer


MBA, University of Kansas
BS Business Administration, University of Missouri Kansas City
rervin@sterneckcapital.com
816.268.2237
Sterneck Capital formally welcomed Regan Ervin in 2007. While working as a consultant and completing his M.B.A., Regan was sought out by Sterneck because of his intimate understanding of complex investment processes and his corporate management expertise.
As a registered investment advisor, Regan admired our company’s client-first culture and appreciates working for an investment firm whose code of ethics exceeds the industry standard.
With his consultancy experience managing multi-million dollar corporate enterprises, he is adept at assessing clients’ goals, mapping a path to get there and offering advisement in a manner that is both detailed and comprehensible.
Regan is responsible for overseeing all corporate engagements, from client services and financial offerings to operations and marketing.
He is a member of our investment committee and ensures our founding investment strategy remains central to the firm’s initiatives.





        Robin P. Sterneck        

President


BS, Trinity College
MBA, Tulane University
rsterneck@sterneckcapital.com
816.268.2232

With 30+ years in financial services and business leadership to her credit, Robin Sterneck brings deep experience to the Sterneck Capital team. 
Formerly an Investment Banker at Lehman Brothers in New York, she focused on the Capital Markets and Municipal Finance areas, ultimately running the Health and Education Public Finance Department. 
Prior to, she served on leadership teams at GE, including national and global roles in pricing, actuarial, marketing and talent development as well as leading the $1Billion Commercial Insurance business portfolio and division. 
Robin currently serves on three corporate boards and is active in the community. She has recently served on the Greater Kansas City Community Foundation, WIN for KC/KC Sports Commission and Pembroke Hill School Boards. She has been recognized professionally among “Women Who Mean Business” by the KC Business Journal, among “People to Watch in Insurance” by Insurance Magazine, as the Mentor of the Year by the Central Exchange and as the 2015 WIN for KC Wow Award Winner.






        Brandie M. Giffin        

Managing Director


BS Business Administration & Marketing, University of Nebraska-Lincoln
bgiffin@sterneckcapital.com
816.268.2236

Brandie Giffin came to Sterneck Capital in April 2014 having held a variety of progressive leadership positions at The Principal Financial Group, BlueCross Blue Shield of Nebraska and Aetna. She brings depth to our Business Development initiatives from her strategic expertise and marketing operations background.
Additionally, Brandie is focused on the firm’s delivery of a high-quality client experience reflective of Sterneck’s core values. She is the architect of the client service strategy, intentionally designed to foster long-standing, multi-generational relationships.
Residing in Omaha, Brandie is a local presence for Nebraska clients as well as a leader affecting client services across the country. Her presence and impact in the local community extends to the youth and under-privileged. She is active in missions, disaster recovery, Youth Frontiers, Youth Emergency Services and grief counseling for Ted E. Bear Hollow.






        Laura W. Greenbaum        

Director of Client Relationships


BA Communications, Tulane University
lgreenbaum@sterneckcapital.com
816.268.2234

Laura Greenbaum came to Sterneck Capital in 2004, after enduring a personal loss that led her to take interest in investing and individual financial security.
As a member of our team, she has been a firm believer in long-term investing and the benefit of partnering with professionals who act purely in the service of their clients. 
Drawing on her personal experience, she helps clients establish their goals, then realize them through thoughtful planning and investing with the Sterneck team.
Laura is especially interested in women’s wealth management and has the fortunate position of helping women approach their financial lives with knowledge and confidence.
Laura believes in giving back and has served in various board and volunteer positions, including at the Nelson-Atkins Museum of Art, Kansas City Zoo and the Menorah Legacy Foundation.






        Zachary R. Emslie CFP®        

Planning & Retirement Specialist


BA Finance & Risk Management, Missouri State University
zemslie@sterneckcapital.com
816.268.2240

Joining Sterneck Capital in 2010, Zach Emslie brings vast advisory experience working with high net worth clients. His impact on the firm was immediate, as he introduced financial planning as a core service.
His specific expertise includes developing financial plans to address risk management, asset allocation, tax planning and cash flow modeling. He also provides guidance in trust and estate planning to ensure estate assets pass efficiently to beneficiaries. Though most clients benefit from basic goal-oriented planning, Zach has the tools and knowledge to serve the most complex planning situations. 
Zach is also a member of the Sterneck investment committee. He has a particular interest on the methodology to identify and select co-mingled securities for use in client portfolios. 






        Alec J. Bethurum        

Senior Portfolio Manager


BA Arts, Colgate University
abethurum@sterneckcapital.com
816.268.2233

Sterneck Capital welcomed Alec Bethurum to the firm in 2013. Before joining the team, Alec gained essential experience on Wall Street in institutional research and sales. 
He applied this experience as a proprietary trader for a West Coast firm prior to relocating to Kansas City where his wife’s family resides. 
Alec brings exceptional talent and is instrumental in defining the investment philosophy and strategies reflected in our client portfolios. He is involved daily in security research and management of portfolios, as well as updating our entire Sterneck team on the firm’s investment strategies and market views.
Alec is the lead author of the firm’s quarterly portfolio manager’s insights and investor calls. Most likely, he will have a direct impact on your financial success.






        Rick Schilffarth        

Director of Marketing


Studied Marketing, University of Wisconsin
rschilffarth@sterneckcapital.com
816.602.1244


Rick Schilffarth joined Sterneck Capital in March 2016.  He brings over 30 years of experience in the Financial Service Industry, most of which has been spent bringing managed products to the investment community and assisting clients with meeting their financial goals.  Prior to joining our firm, Rick has been responsible for raising over a billion dollars of assets while working for firms such as Kelmoore Investment Company, Advisor Marketing Services Group, LLC, and Motif Investments, Inc.
Rick also brings business development and marketing expertise from his consulting background.  His end-to-end knowledge of the investment cycle provides valuable expertise to his clientele across the nation.
Rick resides in Wisconsin and enjoys golfing, snow skiing, water skiing, boating, and riding his bike.  He also enjoys spending time with his grandchildren.






        Merrit G. Kerr        

Office Manager


mkerr@sterneckcapital.com
816.268.2235

Merrit Kerr has long served Sterneck Capital as an indispensable problem-solver. 
As one of our earliest associates, Merrit’s professional and industry knowledge runs deep. Prior to working with our team, Merrit was notable in the banking and customer service professions. 
Year after year, her attentive and diligent operational support proves to be the connective element that makes many of our long-term relationships so successful. 
Above all, Merrit believes personal service is essential for a positive professional relationship. 





 


Our Values


Client-Centric Stewardship
Through our role as your fiduciary and advocate we commit to putting your objectives and benefit first. Driven by your goals we strive to know and consistently deliver for all of our highly valued clients.
Integrity
Each member of our team recognizes genuine, long-term relationships are built from honesty, transparency and principled actions. These fundamental qualities define each member of the team as we serve clients with prudence and high ethical standards.
Excellence
You can be confident you will be served by a team of experts who excel in their respective areas of portfolio management, planning, and service. Our focus on high standards extends to utilizing the best systems and processes to deliver a highquality client experience which ultimately contributes to your success.
Team Work
Our collaborative team is aligned for robust and effective execution on your behalf. We share the responsibility of delivering extraordinary customer service. Our seasoned group draws upon years of industry expertise to provide ideas and solutions that shape your financial planning and investment portfolio.

   

Legal Information Privacy Policy
Business Continuity
Disclosures
ADV Part II
Pages Home
How We Work
Services
Who We Are
Contact Us
News & Resources
Address 4510 Belleview, Suite 204
Kansas City, MO 64111

Contact Us Phone: 816.531.2254
Fax: 816.268.2239



























Scroll to top










		
		
		Sterneck Capital Management Increased Its Teva Pharmaceutical Inds LTD (TEVA) Holding, Beacon Roofing Supply (BECN) Shorts Down By 1.23% - High Point Observer
		
		
		
		

 


















 














































Trending
Finance
Market
Business
Contact






Sterneck Capital Management Increased Its Teva Pharmaceutical Inds LTD (TEVA) Holding, Beacon Roofing Supply (BECN) Shorts Down By 1.23%


					

						July 28, 2017 - By Michael Collier

Sterneck Capital Management Llc increased Teva Pharmaceutical Inds Ltd (TEVA) stake by 313.5% reported in 2016Q4 SEC filing. Sterneck Capital Management Llc acquired 56,477 shares as Teva Pharmaceutical Inds Ltd (TEVA)’s stock declined 15.11%. The Sterneck Capital Management Llc holds 74,492 shares with $2.70 million value, up from 18,015 last quarter. Teva Pharmaceutical Inds Ltd now has $33.07B valuation. The stock declined 0.45% or $0.15 reaching $32.31 on the news. About 3.59 million shares traded. Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd (ADR) (NYSE:TEVA) has declined 41.70% since July 28, 2016 and is downtrending. It has underperformed by 58.40% the S&P500.






 Beacon Roofing Supply Incorporated (NASDAQ:BECN) had a decrease of 1.23% in short interest. BECN’s SI was 1.75 million shares in July as released by FINRA. Its down 1.23% from 1.78M shares previously. With 232,900 avg volume, 8 days are for Beacon Roofing Supply Incorporated (NASDAQ:BECN)’s short sellers to cover BECN’s short positions. The SI to Beacon Roofing Supply Incorporated’s float is 2.93%. About 145,761 shares traded. Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc. (NASDAQ:BECN) has risen 17.34% since July 28, 2016 and is uptrending. It has outperformed by 0.64% the S&P500.
Among 13 analysts covering Beacon Roofing Supply (NASDAQ:BECN), 9 have Buy rating, 0 Sell and 4 Hold. Therefore 69% are positive. Beacon Roofing Supply had 25 analyst reports since July 28, 2015 according to SRatingsIntel. Stephens downgraded the stock to “Equal-Weight” rating in Monday, November 30 report. Jefferies maintained Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc. (NASDAQ:BECN) rating on Wednesday, July 19. Jefferies has “Hold” rating and $5200 target. RBC Capital Markets maintained the stock with “Sector Perform” rating in Wednesday, November 25 report. RBC Capital Markets maintained the shares of BECN in report on Monday, July 24 with “Buy” rating. RBC Capital Markets upgraded Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc. (NASDAQ:BECN) on Monday, April 11 to “Outperform” rating. Wedbush reinitiated it with “Neutral” rating and $47 target in Wednesday, May 31 report. The stock of Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc. (NASDAQ:BECN) earned “Sector Perform” rating by RBC Capital Markets on Monday, August 10. The rating was upgraded by Raymond James on Monday, February 8 to “Strong Buy”. The firm has “Hold” rating by TheStreet given on Wednesday, August 12. The stock has “Hold” rating by Jefferies on Wednesday, July 6.
Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc. is engaged in the distribution of residential and non-residential roofing materials in the United States and Canada. The company has market cap of $2.76 billion. It also distributes complementary building products for residential and non-residential building exteriors. It has a 27.98 P/E ratio. The Company’s product portfolio includes residential roofing products, non-residential roofing products and complementary building products.
Investors sentiment decreased to 0.83 in 2016 Q4. Its down 0.10, from 0.93 in 2016Q3. It dived, as 28 investors sold Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc. shares while 84 reduced holdings. 32 funds opened positions while 61 raised stakes. 59.86 million shares or 1.70% less from 60.89 million shares in 2016Q3 were reported. Fifth Third Natl Bank invested in 3,118 shares. Clarivest Asset Mngmt Lc holds 97,195 shares. Dudley Shanley Ltd Co reported 710,150 shares stake. The California-based Lpl Financial Limited Liability Corp has invested 0% in Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc. (NASDAQ:BECN). Blair William & Il has invested 0.01% in Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc. (NASDAQ:BECN). Manufacturers Life Insur The reported 0% of its portfolio in Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc. (NASDAQ:BECN). Wealthtrust holds 362 shares or 0.01% of its portfolio. Putnam Invests Llc invested 0.01% of its portfolio in Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc. (NASDAQ:BECN). Pcj Invest Counsel has invested 0.07% in Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc. (NASDAQ:BECN). Penn Cap Mgmt Inc owns 0.64% invested in Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc. (NASDAQ:BECN) for 205,727 shares. Aperio Grp Ltd Liability owns 10,920 shares or 0% of their US portfolio. Amer Intl has 0.01% invested in Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc. (NASDAQ:BECN) for 34,395 shares. Blackrock has 0% invested in Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc. (NASDAQ:BECN). Agf Incorporated holds 80,000 shares or 0.04% of its portfolio. California-based California Public Employees Retirement Systems has invested 0.01% in Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc. (NASDAQ:BECN).
Among 26 analysts covering Teva Pharma (NYSE:TEVA), 12 have Buy rating, 0 Sell and 14 Hold. Therefore 46% are positive. Teva Pharma had 70 analyst reports since July 21, 2015 according to SRatingsIntel. The firm earned “Outperform” rating on Monday, October 31 by Credit Suisse. The stock of Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd (ADR) (NYSE:TEVA) earned “Hold” rating by Maxim Group on Thursday, July 13. The stock of Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd (ADR) (NYSE:TEVA) has “Buy” rating given on Monday, August 10 by Goldman Sachs. As per Thursday, July 14, the company rating was maintained by Jefferies. The stock of Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd (ADR) (NYSE:TEVA) earned “Hold” rating by Cantor Fitzgerald on Thursday, June 22. Piper Jaffray maintained the shares of TEVA in report on Friday, July 14 with “Hold” rating. Wells Fargo initiated the shares of TEVA in report on Friday, February 19 with “Outperform” rating. The firm earned “Hold” rating on Monday, February 13 by Maxim Group. Oppenheimer maintained Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd (ADR) (NYSE:TEVA) rating on Thursday, July 14. Oppenheimer has “Outperform” rating and $72 target. The stock of Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd (ADR) (NYSE:TEVA) earned “Overweight” rating by JP Morgan on Monday, August 3.



Receive News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with our daily email newsletter.












 




Free Email Newsletter Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with our free daily email newsletter:






  Recent Posts 

Brookdale Senior Living, Inc. (BKD) Reaches $14.73 After 9.00% Up Move, Fiesta Restaurant Group (FRGI)’s Sentiment Is 1.03


1832 Asset Management LP Has Upped Its Bce (BCE) Holding; Timpani Capital Management Raised Its Biotelemetry (BEAT) Holding


Mariner Investment Group Has Raised By $4.55 Million Its Enbridge Energy Partners LP (EEP) Holding, Triangle Petroleum Has 0.64 Sentiment


Nokomis Capital Has Lowered By $2.36 Million Its Echostar (SATS) Stake, Boulder Growth & Income Fund I (BIF) Sellers Increased By 0.4% Their Shorts


Nokomis Capital Increased By $1.80 Million Its Vishay Precision Group (VPG) Holding; Astronics (ATRO)’s Sentiment Is 1.64


Kcm Investment Advisors Has Increased Its Bce (BCE) Stake; Van Den Berg Management I Trimmed Its Cloud Peak Energy (CLD) Holding


Insight Capital Research & Management Increased Apple (AAPL) Position By $2.81 Million; D L Carlson Investment Group Lowered By $1.47 Million Its Facebook  (FB) Stake


Ranger International Management LP Has Cut Tc Pipelines LP (TCP) Holding; Gramercy Funds Management Has Lowered Braskem S A (BAK) Holding By $5.29 Million


Stifel Financial Has Increased Its Centurylink (CTL) Position; Stephens Increased Kinder Morgan Del (KMI) Holding


Pimco CA Municipal Income Fund (PCQ) Is At $17.02 Formed Wedge; BG Staffing Common (NYSEMKT:BGSF) Shorts Raised By 12.46%






© Copyright 2011-2017 High Point Observer

				

			



		
















            	Get the Next Big Winner in your inbox Before the Bell







            
Lists*Consumer Eagle







Twitter Auto Publish Powered By : XYZScripts.com


















Sterneck Capital Management







































































 

 


 







Trust your future to trusted advisors.
We create custom portfolios and personal implementation plans for each and every client.

Schedule a Consultation

Your interest above all else.
The Fiduciary Standard protects you from investments beyond your risk tolerance.



25+ years of Service.
120+ years of Experience.
We use our combined experience to serve the individual, not the institutional.



Getting you there.
Before we get involved, we get to know you through our diligent discovery process.












Your interest above all else.
The Fiduciary Standard protects you from investments beyond your risk tolerance.


25+ years of Service.
120+ years of Experience.
We use our combined experience to serve the individual, not the institutional.


Getting you there.
Before we get involved, we get to know you through our diligent discovery process.




Thank you for your interest in
Sterneck Capital Management.

We hope to hear from you.



Contact Us
Name * E-Mail *  Message * 
   

Legal Information Privacy Policy
Business Continuity
Disclosures
ADV Part II
Pages Home
How We Work
Services
Who We Are
Contact Us
News & Resources
Address 4510 Belleview, Suite 204
Kansas City, MO 64111

Contact Us Phone: 816.531.2254
Fax: 816.268.2239



























Scroll to top



