











        Sterling Investment Partners
    





















































The Sterling Advantage
We are a nimble organization which moves quickly to seize opportunities and address challenges.





Partners in Creating Value
We support every management team in achieving a shared vision for value creation. Our partners, principals and officers are significant investors in all Sterling Funds.





Inflection Point
We identify significant growth opportunities with management and ensure that they are realized.  Since inception, we've completed over 75 follow-on transactions.





Middle Market Focus
We have been investing in and growing middle market companies for over 25 years. We have completed over 140 transactions representing $12.7 billion in transaction value.






 
                         

                    






Partners in Creating Value



Inflection Point



Middle Market Focus



The Sterling Advantage






  
                        

 

                    









At a Glance

                                We are a private equity firm that has a 25+ year history of partnering with management teams to build companies.
We seek to make equity investments of approximately $75-$200 million.
                            








25+Yrs

                                        Founded in 1991
                                    


$1.5B
                                        In Fund Commitments
                                    


$12.7B
                                        Of Completed Transactions
                                    


140+
                                        Transactions
                                    








Selected Portfolio.




























































































Recent Events.








7/15/2017
Lipari's Big Addition

                                                        In the past year Lipari Foods has made some big changes, not only within the organization but within the community as well. Back in 2015, the company made the decision to expand its footprint with the construction of a state-of-the-art frozen warehouse facility across the street from the existing distribution center on Bunert Rd. This came about in response to the need for additional warehouse square footage, particularly space that was close to the current headquarters on Bunert Road. Partnering with Ashley Capital, Lipari Foods acquired two auto salvage yards on the east side of Bunert to construct the facility. The acquisition of this land provided over 17 acres to build an efficient new specialty freezer warehouse. Teaming up with The Tippman Group who constructed the main distribution center on Bunert in 2006, it’s projected that the building will be fully operational by the end of July 2017. Because of the construction of this facility and the added distribution capabilities it represents, Lipari anticipates the creation of over 300 direct and indirect jobs across the network. The new warehouse space is larger and more ambitious than any other of the Lipari facilities to date. It will stand 36 feet tall and house 252,000 square feet, providing an entire extra layer of pallet storage more than the main warehouse now! It will also feature 27 truck bays to unload and load product onto its climate-controlled dock. Because of this additional space and where it is located, the frozen inventory currently found at the main warehouse will be relocated to this facility. The construction of this building will also allow Lipari Foods to move much of the inventory from the other remote warehouses, such as DFL Logistics in Detroit, to the new building and back to the main distribution center. Having most of the inventory on Bunert Road. will result in enhanced shipping efficiencies due to the proximity of the warehouses. We’re excited to have this new space online soon!
                                                    






2/02/2017
Sterling Investment Partners Invests in Belnick, LLC



                                                        Sterling Investment Partners ("Sterling"), a private equity firm that has been investing in and building middle-market companies for over 25 years, announces that the firm invested in Belnick, LLC ("Belnick" or the "Company").
 
Headquartered in Canton, Georgia, Belnick is a leading online supplier of value-oriented furniture for residential and commercial use through both wholesale and direct to consumer channels.  Selling through its own brand, Flash Furniture, the Company offers over 4,000 unique furniture products, including office chairs, stacking chairs, folding chairs, restaurant furniture and reception furniture.  
 
M. William Macey, Jr., Sterling Managing Partner and Co-Founder, commented that "Sterling is thrilled to invest in this market-leading, Internet-based distributor of value-oriented furniture.  We believe Belnick's well-developed supply chain, extensive inventory, national distribution footprint, best-in-class e-commerce and fulfillment capabilities, and strong management team position the Company well to continue benefiting from the ongoing migration of purchase activity to online channels.  We greatly look forward to working with the management team to continue to drive growth. ” 

Sterling Investment Partners
Sterling Investment Partners is a private equity firm with a highly experienced, cohesive team of senior investment professionals. Sterling acquires businesses that the firm believes have strong, sustainable competitive advantages and significant opportunities for value creation. Sterling has over $1.5 billion of equity capital under management. Over its history, Sterling has completed platform investments, strategic or add-on acquisitions, recapitalizations and liquidity events with an aggregate transaction value of over $12 billion, representing more than 100 transactions. Key industries Sterling focuses on include business services, industrial and consumer value-added distribution, niche manufacturing, and transportation and logistics. www.sterlinglp.com
 
 
                                                    






10/14/2016
Lipari Foods Completes $260 Million Debt Financing

                                                        October 14, 2016 — Sterling Investment Partners ("Sterling") is pleased to announce that its portfolio company Lipari Foods ("Lipari" or the “Company”) has completed a $260 million debt financing.  Proceeds from the transaction were used to (i) fund a distribution to the Company's unitholders and (ii) pay related fees and expenses.  As part of the transaction, the Company secured debt commitments to fund future add-on acquisitions.  The senior debt financing was led by Antares Capital, LP.  Northwestern Mutual Capital, LLC. completed the junior debt financing.
 
Lipari Foods is one of the largest specialty food products distributors in the Midwest.  Lipari Foods offers its diverse base of customers, which are primarily small and mid-sized grocery chains, access to approximately 18,000 national and proprietary stock keeping units across a broad range of “perimeter-of-the-store” food product categories, including, among others, deli, bakery, dairy, confections, specialty, natural and organic. www.liparifoods.com

Sterling Investment Partners
Sterling Investment Partners is a private equity firm with a highly experienced, cohesive team of senior investment professionals. Sterling acquires businesses that the firm believes have strong, sustainable competitive advantages and significant opportunities for value creation. Sterling has over $1.0 billion of equity capital under management. Over its history, Sterling has completed platform investments, strategic or add-on acquisitions, recapitalizations and liquidity events with an aggregate transaction value of over $12.3 billion, representing more than 100 transactions. Key industries Sterling focuses on include business services, industrial and consumer value-added distribution, niche manufacturing, and transportation and logistics. www.sterlinglp.com
 
 
                                                    






9/30/2016
Sterling Investment Partners' Portfolio Company Service Logic
Acquires Three More HVAC Providers


                                                        Sterling Investment Partners ("Sterling"), a private equity firm that has been investing in and building middle-market companies for over 25 years, announces that its portfolio company, Service Logic, acquired three heating, ventilation and air conditioning (“HVAC”) service companies:  Environmental Control, Inc. (“Encon”), Thornton Service, Inc. (“Thornton”) and Webster Energy and Building Solutions, LLC (“Webster”).  The acquisitions strategically complement Service Logic’s existing group of companies now totaling 31 locations across the United States, serving 25 states.   
 
According to M. William Macey, Jr., Managing Partner and Co-Founder of Sterling,  “These companies are leaders in their markets with excellent management.  The acquisitions allow Service Logic to expand its presence in the Mid-Atlantic and Southwest regions, and into New York and Connecticut.  Sterling is excited about the growth Service Logic has experienced through its nine acquisitions since Sterling's initial investment and its continued organic growth.”  

Service Logic 
Headquartered in Charlotte, North Carolina, Service Logic (www.servicelogic.com) is a provider of mission-critical services for HVAC systems, chilled water systems and building automation and controls to commercial, industrial and institutional clients. Through its 1,400 dedicated employees, the Company provides a comprehensive suite of solutions to improve the energy efficiency and sustainability of its clients’ facilities. 
 
Encon  
Based in Stratford, Connecticut,  Encon (www.goencon.com) is a market leader in commercial mechanical and high end residential HVAC maintenance and replacement services. Its wide array of services include the design and installation, service and replacement of HVAC, building automation, geothermal and solar systems to its residential and commercial clients. 
 
Thornton 
Based in Rockville, Maryland, Thornton (www.thorntonservice.com) is a leading provider of commercial HVAC service solutions to organizations in the Washington, D.C. metropolitan area. Specializing in preventive maintenance and repair of commercial heating and cooling systems, Thornton supports a wide range of vertical markets, providing both full service and preventive, maintenance-only HVAC contracts to owner-occupied and managed buildings.  
 
Webster   
Based in Tucson, Arizona, Webster is a full service commercial mechanical provider specializing in the preventive maintenance, engineering design and installation of HVAC andcontrol systems in industrial and commercial facilities in Southern Arizona.  Webster services a broad range of vertical markets with expertise in the industrial manufacturing and mining sectors.    
 
Sterling Investment Partners
Sterling Investment Partners is a private equity firm with a highly experienced, cohesive team of senior investment professionals. Sterling acquires businesses that the firm believes have strong, sustainable competitive advantages and significant opportunities for value creation. Sterling has over $1.5 billion of equity capital under management. Over its history, Sterling has completed platform investments, strategic or add-on acquisitions, recapitalizations and liquidity events with an aggregate transaction value of over $12 billion, representing more than 100 transactions. Key industries Sterling focuses on include business services, industrial and consumer value-added distribution, niche manufacturing, and transportation and logistics. www.sterlinglp.com 
                                                    






7/19/2016
Service Logic Completes $206 Million Debt Financing

                                                        July 19, 2016 — Sterling Investment Partners ("Sterling") is pleased to announce that its portfolio company MSHC, Inc. ("Service Logic" or the “Company”) has completed a $206 million debt financing.  Proceeds from the refinancing were used to (i) refinance the Company’s existing debt, (ii) fund acquisitions that fit Service Logic’s acquisition strategy, and (iii) pay related fees and expenses.  The senior debt financing was led by Antares Capital, LP.  Baring Asset Management and Grosvenor Capital Management completed the junior debt financing.
 
Service Logic is the largest independent provider of heating, ventilation, and air conditioning (“HVAC”) maintenance services and energy efficiency solutions in the United States. The Company delivers its solutions to a diverse customer base of commercial, industrial, and institutional clients on a self-perform basis through 29 offices across 21 states.  www.servicelogic.com

Sterling Investment Partners
Sterling Investment Partners is a private equity firm with a highly experienced, cohesive team of senior investment professionals. Sterling acquires businesses that the firm believes have strong, sustainable competitive advantages and significant opportunities for value creation. Sterling has over $1.0 billion of equity capital under management. Over its history, Sterling has completed platform investments, strategic or add-on acquisitions, recapitalizations and liquidity events with an aggregate transaction value of over $12.3 billion, representing more than 100 transactions. Key industries Sterling focuses on include business services, industrial and consumer value-added distribution, niche manufacturing, and transportation and logistics. www.sterlinglp.com
 
                                                    






1/01/2016
Sterling Investment Partners’ Portfolio Company American West Restaurant Group
Acquires 31 Additional Pizza Hut Locations


                                                        Sterling Investment Partners ("Sterling"), a private equity firm that has been investing in and building middle-market companies for 25 years, announces that its portfolio company, American West Restaurant Group (“AWRG”), acquired Penny Vision, LLC.  Located in Orange County, California, Penny Vision, LLC operates 31 Pizza Hut quick service restaurants (“QSRs”). 
 
AWRG is the largest Pizza Hut franchisee in California and the third largest in the United States.  Including the Penny Vision acquisition, AWRG currently operates approximately 300 Pizza Hut QSRs in greater Los Angeles across five contiguous counties: central Los Angeles, Riverside, San Bernardino, Ventura, North Orange County, and metropolitan Salt Lake City.  Its leading position in Southern California gives it the ability to control local marketing initiatives in its markets.  Approximately 90% of AWRG’s units are highly efficient, modern delivery/carryout units that generate strong unit-level economics.
 
Sterling Investment Partners
Sterling Investment Partners is a private equity firm with a highly experienced, cohesive team of senior investment professionals. Sterling acquires businesses that the firm believes have strong, sustainable competitive advantages and significant opportunities for value creation. Sterling has over $1.5 billion of equity capital under management. Over its history, Sterling has completed platform investments, strategic or add-on acquisitions, recapitalizations and liquidity events with an aggregate transaction value of over $12 billion, representing more than 100 transactions. Key industries Sterling focuses on include business services, industrial and consumer value-added distribution, niche manufacturing, and transportation and logistics. www.sterlinglp.com 
 
                                                    






1/01/2016
Sterling Investment Partners’ Portfolio Company Lipari Foods 
Continues Expansion of Specialty Offerings with Acquisition of 
Ohio-based Leo A. Dick & Sons Co.


                                                        Sterling Investment Partners (“Sterling”), a private equity firm that has been investing in and building middle-market companies for 25 years, announces that its portfolio company, Lipari Foods, a leading Midwest food distributor based in Warren, Mich., has reached an agreement in principle to acquire the specialty and gourmet business of Leo A. Dick & Sons Co. of Canton, Ohio. The acquisition will strengthen Lipari’s existing specialty grocery product portfolio which includes a broad range of natural, organic and gluten-free foods. Mr. Leo A. Dick, the president of Leo A. Dick & Sons, and Mr. Lawrence J. Dick, the Vice President of Leo A. Dick & Sons, will join Lipari’s specialty food division.

The addition of Leo A. Dick & Sons follows Lipari’s 2015 acquisition of Wisconsin-based Soderholm Wholesale Foods, which also boasted an extensive specialty grocery product line. The acquisition will strengthen Lipari’s strategic position of being one of the leading “perimeter of the store and specialty” wholesale food distributors in the US.

“Our customers continue to bring more natural, organic and specialty products into their stores in order to meet the needs of today’s consumer,” says Lipari Foods President/CEO, Thom Lipari. “With the acquisition of Leo A. Dick & Sons, we will continue to deliver high quality product solutions to our customer base.”

“I’m thrilled to have the opportunity to partner with one of our industry’s leaders. I look forward to bringing our extensive capabilities and a lifetime of experience in specialty food distribution to support Lipari Foods. This will benefit our current customers by increasing our product offering more than tenfold and enable Lipari Foods to represent a broader and more innovative product selection,” says Leo Dick, whose grandfather founded the business nearly a century ago.

The acquisition is subject to completion of definitive documentation and satisfaction of customary closing conditions, and is expected to occur in the next several weeks.
 
Lipari Foods, LLC.
Lipari Foods was founded in 1963, the next step in the career of Jim Lipari, who began by delivering unique products from the back of his Buick station wagon.  Today Lipari Foods is a leading independent “perimeter of the store” distributor in the Midwest, delivering a wide range of quality bakery, dairy, deli, packaging, seafood, meat, grocery, foodservice, confectionary and convenience foods and beverage products to over 5,000 customers across 12 states.

Leo A. Dick & Sons Co.
Leo A. Dick & Sons, Inc is a specialty grocery distributor based in Canton, Ohio. With over 7,000 specialty food items representing more than 400 manufacturers and purveyors of gourmet foods; Leo A. Dick & Sons services food markets in Ohio, Kentucky, Indiana, Michigan, and Western Pennsylvania.
 
Sterling Investment Partners
Sterling Investment Partners is a private equity firm with a highly experienced, cohesive team of senior investment professionals. Sterling acquires businesses that the firm believes have strong, sustainable competitive advantages and significant opportunities for value creation. Sterling has over $1.5 billion of equity capital under management. Over its history, Sterling has completed platform investments, strategic or add-on acquisitions, recapitalizations and liquidity events with an aggregate transaction value of over $12 billion, representing more than 100 transactions. Key industries Sterling focuses on include business services, industrial and consumer value-added distribution, niche manufacturing, and transportation and logistics. www.sterlinglp.com 
 
                                                    






11/18/2015
American West Restaurant Group Completes $121 Million Debt Financing

                                                        November 18, 2015 — Sterling Investment Partners ("Sterling") is pleased to announce that its portfolio company American West Restaurant Group, LLC ("AWRG" or the “Company”) has completed a $121 million debt financing.  Proceeds from the refinancing were used to (i) refinance the Company’s existing debt, (ii) provide a cash distribution to unitholders, (iii) fund the acquisition of 31 Pizza Hut franchised stores in Orange County California, and (iii) pay related fees and expenses.  The debt financing was led by Wells Fargo Bank.
 
AWRG, formerly known as Southern California Pizza Company, is the third largest Pizza Hut franchisee in the United States, and the largest Pizza Hut franchisee in California and Utah. AWRG operates approximately 260 Pizza Hut quick service restaurants (“QSRs”) in California and 39 QSRs in the greater Salt Lake City, Utah market. 

Sterling Investment Partners
Sterling Investment Partners is a private equity firm with a highly experienced, cohesive team of senior investment professionals. Sterling acquires businesses that the firm believes have strong, sustainable competitive advantages and significant opportunities for value creation. Sterling has over $1.0 billion of equity capital under management. Over its history, Sterling has completed platform investments, strategic or add-on acquisitions, recapitalizations and liquidity events with an aggregate transaction value of over $12.2 billion, representing more than 100 transactions. Key industries Sterling focuses on include business services, industrial and consumer value-added distribution, niche manufacturing, and transportation and logistics. www.sterlinglp.com
 
                                                    






9/30/2015
Sterling Investment Partners Invests in a
Trailer Parts & Accessories Business


                                                        Sterling Investment Partners ("Sterling"), a private equity firm that has been investing in and building middle-market companies for almost 25 years, announces that the firm invested in Aurora Parts and Accessories, LLC ("Aurora" or the "Company").
 
Aurora is the leading U.S. distributor of aftermarket parts and accessories for over-the-road semi-trailers. The Company offers the most complete line of branded and private label parts in the industry, maintaining a comprehensive inventory to serve all makes and models of trailer. Aurora has a national network of customers, and services these 500+ independently-owned trailer dealers, repair shops and national fleets through a 300,000 square foot distribution center. The Company’s dealer network provides the largest footprint in the industry, and these customers are supported by Aurora’s industry-leading technology platform.     
                                        
Sterling Investment Partners
Sterling Investment Partners is a private equity firm with a highly experienced, cohesive team of senior investment professionals. Sterling acquires businesses that the firm believes have strong, sustainable competitive advantages and significant opportunities for value creation. Sterling has over $1.5 billion of equity capital under management. Over its history, Sterling has completed platform investments, strategic or add-on acquisitions, recapitalizations and liquidity events with an aggregate transaction value of over $10 billion, representing more than 100 transactions. Key industries Sterling focuses on include business services, industrial and consumer value-added distribution, niche manufacturing, and transportation and logistics. www.sterlinglp.com
                                                    






8/31/2015
Sterling Investment Partners' Portfolio Company Service Logic
Acquires a Midwest HVAC Provider


                                                        Sterling Investment Partners ("Sterling"), a private equity firm that has been investing in and building middle-market companies for almost 25 years, announces that its portfolio company, Service Logic, acquired Modern Heating & Air Conditioning (“Modern”).  Modern is a commercial HVAC services company serving building owners and facility managers throughout the Minneapolis and St. Paul area.  
 
Sterling Investment Partners
Sterling Investment Partners is a private equity firm with a highly experienced, cohesive team of senior investment professionals. Sterling acquires businesses that the firm believes have strong, sustainable competitive advantages and significant opportunities for value creation. Sterling has over $1.5 billion of equity capital under management. Over its history, Sterling has completed platform investments, strategic or add-on acquisitions, recapitalizations and liquidity events with an aggregate transaction value of over $10 billion, representing more than 100 transactions. Key industries Sterling focuses on include business services, industrial and consumer value-added distribution, niche manufacturing, and transportation and logistics. www.sterlinglp.com 
 
                                                    











NEWER
visit news page
OLDER































 







Sterling Land Partners LLC - Other Real Estate- Ornstein  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









Sterling Land Partners LLC

      Industry: Other Real Estate
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    9154 Eastchase Parkway #302  
    Montgomery, AL, 36117Phone: 205-609-8836 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-12-12


New


$4,084,450


$4,084,450


Equity Only


06b


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Matthew Ornstein 
 Executive 


 Frank Schuler 
 Executive 












Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Sterling Land Partners LLC - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











Sterling Land Partners LLC
List of persons related to the company Sterling Land Partners LLC. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of Sterling Land Partners LLC.

CIK Number: 0001688914IRS Number: 474547019Company address: 9154 EASTCHASE PARKWAY #302  MONTGOMERY 36117Phone number: 205-609-8836



People related to Sterling Land Partners LLC
NamePositionStreetCityCountrySchuler  Frank1266 West Paces Ferry Road #181 AtlantaGAOrnstein  Matthew1266 West Paces Ferry Road #181 `AtlantaGA




Sterling Land Partners LLC on the Web
Related companiesSterling AlphaMetrics Long Short Fund, L.P., Sterling Bancorp, Inc., Sterling Bay Capital Partners I, LLC, Sterling Bay Capital Partners II, LP, Sterling Capital Partners IV, L.P., Sterling Co-Investment Fund I, LLC, STERLING CORPORATE PARTNERS FUND 51 LP, Sterling Corporate Partners Fund 52, L.P., Sterling Corporate Partners Fund 53, L.P., STERLING CORPORATE PARTNERS FUND 54, L.P., STERLING CORPORATE TAX CREDIT FUND XL LP, Sterling Corporate Tax Credit Fund XLII, L.P., Sterling Corporate Tax Credit Fund XLIII, L.P., Sterling Corporate Tax Credit Fund XLIX LLC, Sterling Corporate Tax Credit Fund XLV, L.P.












 








Sterling Land Partners LLC, BizPedia.xyz - We monitor changes in companies





















BizPedia.xyz  - We monitor changes in companies
 






Sterling Land Partners LLC


FREE EMAIL WATCHDOG
Get free email notifications about news in Sterling Land Partners LLC.










The service is free and you can unsubscribe at any time.

General | People (2) | Filings (1) | Investment rounds (1)
CIK Number: 0001688914IRS Number: 474547019Sterling Land Partners LLC is on the market less than 5 years.

Sterling Land Partners LLC address9154 EASTCHASE PARKWAY #302MONTGOMERY 36117
Company jurisdiction
ALABAMA  
  Entity type
Limited Liability Company 
Earliest known filing
December 2016
Latest known filing
December 2016




Company filings
SEC filings are a great source of information for companies including investments, company events, and all sorts of other information. 
Sterling Land Partners LLC has 1 filings. View Sterling Land Partners LLC filings.
Investment RoundsSterling Land Partners LLC recieved 1 investments.
PeopleWe have found 2 people related to Sterling Land Partners LLC.
Similar companiesSterlingworth Capital Partners, L.P., STERLINGSOUTH BANK & TRUST CO, Sterling/US Shipping L.P., STERLING/CARL MARKS CAPITAL INC, STERLING, GRACE MUNICIPAL SECURITIES CORPORATION, Sterling World Capital Fund, LP, Sterling Wolfberry Prospect Limited Partnership, STERLING WILLIAM, STERLING WEST BANCORP, Sterling Venture Partners LLC, STERLING VENTURE PARTNERS L P, Sterling Venture Partners II LP, STERLING VENTURE CAPITAL LLC, Sterling Value Add Partners, L.P., Sterling Value Add Partners II, L.P., Sterling Value Add Partners (NR), L.P., Sterling Value Add Partners (NR) II, L.P., Sterling Valley Systems, Inc., Sterling United Properties I, L.P., Sterling Ultimate Parent Corp., Sterling Tyler Prospect Limited Partnership, Sterling Trustees LLC, STERLING THOMAS W III, STERLING TARTESSO ARIZONA LAND FUND U S L P, STERLING SUGARS INC, STERLING SUFFOLK RACECOURSE LLC, Sterling Stock Transfer, Inc/TA, Sterling Steven A., Sterling Steven, STERLING STAMOS STRUCTURED FINANCE FUND L P, Sterling Stamos Security Offshore Fund Ltd, STERLING STAMOS SECURITY FUND-LEVERED L P, Sterling Stamos Security Fund, L.P., Sterling Stamos Security Fund - Friends & Family, L.P., Sterling Stamos Real Estate Fund, Sterling Stamos Real Assets REIT A LLC, STERLING STAMOS REAL ASSETS FUND L P, Sterling Stamos Real Assets Fund II LP, Sterling Stamos Real Assets Fund A, LP, STERLING STAMOS PRIVATE EQUITY FUND II LP, Sterling stamos Private Equity Fund I LP, STERLING STAMOS OPERATING ASSETS FUND LP, STERLING STAMOS NATUARAL RESOURCES FUND LP, STERLING STAMOS LIQUIDITY OFFSHORE FUND LTD, Sterling Stamos Liquidity Funs L P, Sterling Stamos Growth Fund, L.P., STERLING STAMOS GLOBAL CLEAN ENERGY & TECHNOLOGY FUND LP, STERLING STAMOS EUROPE FUND L P, STERLING STAMOS EQUITY (OFFSHORE) FUND - SELECT LTD, Sterling Stamos Endowment Fund LP














BizPedia.xyz collect news, financial information, SEC filings, stock information, contact information, personal information, information about investments, etc. about Sterling Land Partners LLC. 








Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft

































































Menu




















































































































Sterling EnergySterling Energy, a Denver-based midstream company, has been providing gas gathering, compression, processing, treating, NGL and natural gas marketing to our customers since 2000, and water transportation by pipeline since 2013. Our goal is to provide producers with the infrastructure and services necessary to transport their products to market in a safe, timely, and cost-efficient manner. Our experienced management team possesses a combination of engineering, construction, operations, innovation, and financial know-how. We are committed to environmental stewardship, and to upholding our reputation for integrity, reliability, and trust.Sterling entered into a strategic partnership with Morgan Stanley Private Equity ("MSPE") in August 2011.  Senior management's relationship with MSPE dates back to 1991.  MSPE's roots in private equity investing date back to 1985.  MSPE, through five funds, has invested approximately $6.7 billion of equity across a broad spectrum of industries.OUR BUSINESS SOLUTIONS












 












Our Businesses























 



















Centennial Water Pipelines
Centennial Water specializes in providing high-volume high-rate water pipeline delivery services to support all potential exploration and production requirements.









 



















Sterling Energy
Sterling currently owns and operates a natural gas gathering and processing system positioned in the Niobrara-DJ Basin, located in Northeast Colorado.













 



















Grasslands Energy MarketingGrasslands' focus is on providing commodity marketing services to both producers and end users.















 






































Gas Gathering and ProcessingSterling currently owns and operates a natural gas gathering system positioned in the Niobrara-DJ Basin, located in Northeast Colorado. Sterling assets include approximately 450 miles of gathering pipeline, 20,000 horsepower of compression, and three gas processing plants which enable us to provide gas gathering, treating and processing services to some of the largest natural gas producers in Colorado.Sterling gathers over 9 BCF of natural gas annually, which is processed to separate natural gas liquids (“NGLs”) at multiple plant locations. Sterling generates the majority of its revenue from long-term, fee-based gas gathering agreements with its customers. The majority of our agreements are supported by dedications of acreage and/or volume commitments. Natural gas wells drilled by our customers on this acreage provide gas production transported on our gathering systems for processing and treating at our gas plants. The combination of proceeds-based and fee-based agreements enhances the stability of cash flows and reduces direct commodity price exposure.GAS SYSTEM MAPMIDSTREAM 101CONTACT































 































Commodity Marketing Services 
Grasslands Energy Marketing LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Sterling Energy, is focused on providing commodity marketing services to both producers and end-users. The Grasslands Energy team offers creative solutions to the complexity of today’s commodity markets. We combine the capability of distribution, markets and pricing with our commitment to our customers to deliver a successful customer service experience.
Grasslands Energy, located in Denver CO, specializes in natural gas, NGL’s and condensate marketing. Focused on physical assets, we can provide short and long term solutions to our customer needs. Grasslands Energy has access to various pipelines, distribution services and dedicated production in the Rocky Mountain region. With our asset capabilities and our base production, we offer commodity purchases, commodity sales and distribution services at competitive terms.
Sterling Energy's mission is to add value for our customers and investors by providing safe and reliable product delivery.
CONTACT




































Commodity Marketing Services Grasslands Energy Marketing LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Sterling Energy, is focused on providing commodity marketing services to both producers and end-users focusing on the physical assets of the company. The Grasslands Energy team offers creative solutions to the complexity of today’s commodity markets. We combine the capability of distribution, markets and pricing with our commitment to our customers to deliver a successful customer service experience.Grasslands Energy, located in Denver CO, specializes in natural gas, natural gas liquids (NGLs), and condensate marketing. We can provide short and long term solutions to our customer needs. Grasslands Energy has access to various pipelines, distribution services and dedicated production in the Rocky Mountain region. With our asset capabilities and our base production, we offer commodity purchases, commodity sales and distribution services at competitive terms.CONTACT












 













































In-Ground Water Delivery ServicesCentennial Water Pipelines, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sterling Energy, specializes in providing high-volume, high-rate water in-ground delivery services to support all potential exploration and production requirements.Starting in 2013, Centennial has designed, built and supported 20 miles of in-ground piping systems and water transfer pumps. Currently, Centennial provides 44,600 BBls (water barrel) of water per hour to our customers. With access to over 10 million barrels of source water per year for future development, Centennial is able to quickly provide the necessary water services to our customers. To date, Centennial has delivered a 99% flow rate, ensuring timely and dedicated commitment to our customer’s needs regardless of the weather conditions.Sterling Energy's mission is to add value for our customers and investors by providing safe and reliable product delivery.CONTACT




































Pipeline Water Delivery ServicesCentennial Water Pipelines, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sterling Energy, specializes in providing sustainable fresh water sourcing and transportation to support exploration and production for the oil and gas industry in the Denver-Julesburg Basin of Colorado. Since its inception in 2013, Centennial has acquired, designed, built, and operated an extensive portfolio of groundwater supply wells and a network of over 20 miles of in-ground piping, with multiple electrically-driven pump stations, to provide an efficient and flexible water supply system. Centennial uses a remote operation and monitoring platform to provide accurate, on-demand water deliveries. With the necessary water rights and physical access to significant supplies of source water for future development, substantial financial backing, and an extensive network of land easements and rights-of-way already in place through Sterling Energy, Centennial is able to reliably provide water supply and delivery services to our customers.  Centennial is committed to providing year-round uninterrupted water deliveries, thereby removing hundreds of trucks per day from road traffic, and ensuring timely, sustainable, and dedicated commitment to our customers’ needs.















 












Sterling Energy System





















 












Midstream 101








































What Is Midstream:The Midstream sector of the Oil and Gas industry involves the gathering, processing, transportation and marketing of crude oil, natural gas, and natural gas liquids. The midstream sector provides an integral link between the producing wells (upstream) and the refineries and processing plants (downstream) that produce the refined petroleum products. This provides a conduit for energy producers to bring products to market.The midstream sector also includes the sourcing and delivery of fresh water for fracking, and the gathering, transportation, recycling and disposal of produced water. These services help to keep the oil and gas industry efficient, effective, safe, and environmentally friendly.More Information Available at:Coloradans for Responsible Energy DevelopmentUS Energy Information AdministrationColorado Oil & Gas AssociationGas Processors AssociationNational Pipeline Mapping System





































 












The Sterling Energy Team


























   


							William H. Penney							
Chief Executive Officer





Mr. Penney founded Sterling Energy Company in December 2000 and serves as Chief Executive Officer of Sterling Energy. More












   


							David B. Kenyon							
President





Mr. Kenyon serves as President of Sterling Energy. Mr. Kenyon was most recently Vice President and General Manager of Monarch Gas Resources, a midstream company funded by Metalmark Capital. More












   


							Daniel E. Watson							
Executive Vice President & Chief Operating Officer





Mr. Watson is Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer for Sterling Energy.  Mr. Watson was previously the President and CEO of SourceGas,  More












   


							Chadwick T. Leavitt							
Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer





Mr. Leavitt began his service as Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Sterling Energy in 2011. Prior to joining the Sterling Energy team, he spent nearly a decade as the CFO for Quantitative Equity Strategies, LLC, More












   


							Craig Coombs							
Executive Vice President & Chief Commercial Officer





Mr. Coombs serves as Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer for Sterling Energy. Most recently, Mr. Coombs was the Director of Corporate Development for Summit Midstream Partners, LLC, and, prior to Summit’s acquisition  More












   


							Dena L. Lund							
Executive Vice President - Operations & Engineering





Mrs. Dena Lund serves as Executive Vice President of Operations and Engineering for Sterling Energy.  Prior to joining Sterling Energy in May of 2014, Mrs. Lund served as the Director of Natural Gas Economy Operations at Encana Natural Gas, Inc., More












   


							John H. Carpenter							
Senior Vice President – Business Development





Mr. Carpenter joined Sterling Energy in September of 2012 as its Senior Vice President – Business Development. Mr. Carpenter has twenty five years of experience in exploration and production companies handling land, marketing, sales, transportation and product hedging duties. More












   


							Robert B. Sanders							
Vice President – Business Development





Mr. Sanders serves as Vice President – Business Development for Sterling Energy. Since March 2003, Mr. Sanders has led Sterling Energy’s efforts in financial analysis, natural gas marketing, corporate management, and business development. More












   


							Peter J. Vint							
Vice President & General Manager – Grasslands Energy Marketing LLC





Mr. Vint joined the Sterling Energy leadership team as Vice President & General Manager for Grasslands Energy Marketing LLC. As the leader of the company’s marketing division, his responsibilities include commodity marketing and trading, and business development. More












   


							Michael D. Stonefelt							
Vice President & General Manager - Centennial Water Pipelines LLC 





Mr. Stonefelt serves as a Vice President for Sterling Energy and General Manager of Centennial Water Pipelines LLC.  He has 20 years of experience in engineering, construction, operations, and business development for water resources projects throughout the energy,  More



























 












Opportunities







Thank you for your interest in a career with Sterling Energy. We value the importance of an excellent team and are always looking for the next valuable team member who can help our company move forward and help our clients do the same. Please follow the link below to access current openings:





















Sterling Energy Job Openings



























































































 












Contact Sterling Energy


















Corporate Headquarters: Sterling Energy 1200 17th Street, Suite 2850 Denver, CO 80202 Main Phone (720) 881-7100 Main Fax: (720) 881-7101







Business Contact: Dan Watson (720) 881-7100 dwatson@sterlingenergy.usYenter Gas Plant Contact: Brian Bauder (970) 522-5101 17598 County Rd. 21 Sterling, CO 80751 bbauder@sterlingenergy.usCentennial Gas Plant Contact:Rodney Barnes(720) 881-7094 47285 County Rd. 100 Briggsdale, CO 80611rbarnes@sterlingenergy.us








 















 





























































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Sterling Partners































Sterling Partners








Toggle Menu









SterlingPartners

Middle Market Growth
Education Opportunity Fund





InspiredGrowth








We are a private equity firm with deep expertise in business services and healthcare services.






Investment Approach
We seek to invest $35-$120 million in companies with greater than $5 million in EBITDA.





Deep Domain Expertise





Growth Investors





Entrepreneurial Roots





World Class Human Capital








1 of 4



Deep Domain Expertise
We've developed extensive knowledge, experience and industry networks through 30+ years of successful investing in business services and healthcare services.


2 of 4



Growth Investors
We seek to create value by investing in transformational growth.


3 of 4



Entrepreneurial Roots
Our entrepreneurial roots and firm culture provide differentiated seller/founder deal flow, which is fertile ground for our value creation strategy.


4 of 4



World Class Human Capital
We have a long history of infusing high-caliber executive talent into our portfolio companies, starting with CEO, to drive growth and value creation.








We invest in






Business Services
Innotrac


Business Services

Businesses need inspired providers to help them mitigate risk while increasing revenue, efficiency and quality. For over 20 years, our companies have delivered on that demand.

Learn More






Healthcare Services
Q-Centrix


Healthcare Services

In a system of chronic inefficiencies and rising costs, patients are often the ones paying the price. Our companies are committed to bucking that trend by maximizing both the effectiveness and affectiveness of the services they offer.

Learn More








Portfolio


Status:
All
Current
Exited


Industry:
All
Business Services
Healthcare Services









Active Day







Adeptus Health







AIX







Ameritox







Artromick International







Ashworth







Atlantic Industrial







Avectra







Baselayer







Brace Industrial Group







Connections Academy







Continental Case







Conversant







Cornerstone Records Management







DBI Services







Desert NDT







Edcura







Educate, Inc.







Focus Products Group







Foundation Partners Group







Foundations Recovery Network







GEM Mobile Treatment Services







Grand Rapids Ophthalmology







Hoffman Southwest Corporation







InfiLaw







io







Keypath Education







Kids Care Dental Group







Laureate International Universities







Léman Manhattan Preparatory School







Liberty Propane







Livingston International







Longitude Licensing







Meteor Learning







MetroGroup







Optimer







Pacific Interpreters







Paradigm Management Services







PCDI







Pingora Asset Management







Platinum Dermatology Partners







Progressus Therapy







Prospect Mortgage







Q-Centrix







Radial







Remedi SeniorCare







Results Physiotherapy







Rittenhouse Senior Living







SAVO







School of Rock







SecureNet







Smarterville, Inc.







Spartan College of Aeronautics and Technology







Surgical Solutions







SusieCakes







Tribeca Flashpoint









Our Team


Team:
All
Investment Team
Operations Team


Title:
All
Managing Director
Principal
Vice President
Director
Associate









Eric Becker







Renee Berghoff







Jim Boyce







Michael Brown







Logan Derck







Ishan Dey







Mike Drai







Jeff Elburn







Rick Elfman







Avi Epstein







Elyssa Fisher







Michael Gershenzon







David Graham







Matt Hankins







Chris Hoehn-Saric







Imodu Kerobo







Whitney Krutulis







Ron Liberman







Alan Macksey







Justin Marku







Kim Vender Moffat







Marc Perez







Jason Rosenberg







Jeff Schechter







Carrie Sowers







Julie Stacey







Steven Taslitz







Shoshana Vernick







Matthew Warren








Talent





Operators





Directors





Accelerators





Investment Professionals








1 of 4



Operators

We search for strategic visionaries and operators who are determined to lead companies through their next stage of growth.
Meet one of our Operators: Rick Inatome
Join our team



2 of 4



Directors

We pride ourselves on our sophisticated  governance program comprised of over 70 independent board directors. We look for experienced executives that set themselves apart by their level of engagement and passion for growing inspired businesses.
Meet one of our Directors: Pat Dills
Join our team



3 of 4



Accelerators

Our Accelerator program is an opportunity for high-potential professionals with 7-10 years of strategy and finance experience to step into a meaningful operating role at a growth-oriented, private equity owned business. Our Accelerators report directly to portfolio CEOs and CFOs and receive invaluable experience in how to lead and manage high-growth companies.
Meet one of our Accelerators: Jon Gaunt
Join our team



4 of 4



Investment Professionals

What we look for in an investment professional is similar to what we look for in a new investment: differentiated, proven, and committed to growth. We want leaders with an investment banking and/or principal investing background who have successful operating or entrepreneurial experiences.
Meet one of our Investment Professionals: Josh Friedman
Join our team










News





DBi Services Acquires Reforestation Services, Inc.

June 30, 2017

Continue Reading




Grand Rapids Ophthalmology Names Bill Hughson as CEO to Support Accelerated Growth throughout West Michigan

May 11, 2017

Continue Reading




Sterling Partners Announces Strategic Partnership with Grand Rapids Ophthalmology

February 23, 2017

Continue Reading




DBi Services Acquires TME Enterprises Incorporated

January 12, 2017

Continue Reading








Contact






Name*Email*

Phone NumberMessage*

PhoneThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.

  











 




Name*Email*

PhonePosition*OperatorsDirectorsAcceleratorsInvestment ProfessionalsUpload Your ResumeAccepted file types: doc, docx, pdf, pages.Message*

CommentsThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.

  











 





Chicago


Chicago

401 N. Michigan Ave.
Suite 3300
Chicago, IL 60611

                                          Phone: 312-465-7000                                                              
                                                              Fax: 312-465-7001                                      

View in Maps






Baltimore


Baltimore

650 S. Exeter Street
Suite 1000
Baltimore, MD 21202

                                          Phone: 443-703-1700                                                              
                                                              Fax: 443-703-1750                                      

View in Maps




















