

David D. Stevens: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 23, 2017 11:06 AM ET
Healthcare Equipment and Supplies

Company Overview of Wright Medical Group N.V.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
David D. Stevens  Chairman of The Board, Wright Medical Group N.V.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 4 Board Members in 4 different organizations across 6 different industries.See Board Relationships63$288,337
Background

		Mr. David D. Stevens served as Interim Chief Executive Officer and Interim President of Wright Medical Group N.V. (formerly known as, Wright Medical Group Inc.) from April 4, 2011 to September 17, 2011. Mr. Stevens served as the Chief Executive Officer of Accredo Health Inc., from 1996 to March 2006 and also served as its President. He served as Chief Operating Officer of Southern Health Systems, Inc. (SHS), a wholly owned subsidiary of Accredo from 1983 to 1996 and ... also as its President since 1993. He served as Vice-President and Chief Operating Officer at Le Bonheur Children's Medical Center. He served as the Chief Executive Officer of Accredo Health Group, Inc., a subsidiary of Medco Health Solutions, Inc., from 2005 to 2006. He served as the Chief Executive Officer of Nova Factor Inc. since 1996. He served in management positions at Le Bonheur Children's Medical Center Inc. He is actively involved as an investor/advisor in private equity, focusing on providing capital to lower-middle market growth companies in the healthcare services industry. He has over 30 years of experience in the healthcare industry, the majority of which have been spent in the healthcare services sector. He has been an Advisor in private equity since 2006. He has been the Chairman of Wright Medical Group N.V. since April 5, 2011. He served as Director of Wright Medical Group, Inc. from 2004 to 2015 and served as its Chairman from 2009 to October 2015. He served as the Chairman of Accredo Health Inc., a subsidiary of MedcoHealth Solutions Inc. from 1996 to August 2006. He served as the Chairman of Accredo Health Group, Inc., from March 2006 to August 2006. He has been an Independent Director of Wright Medical Group Inc. since January 26, 2004. He has been a Non- Executive Director of Wright Medical Group N.V. since October 2015. He has been a Director of Wright Medical Technology, Inc. since 2004. He has been a Director of Nova Factor since 1990. He has been a Director of Allscripts Healthcare Solutions, Inc since June 2012 and Tornier N.V. since October 1, 2015. He serves as a Director of Aphena Pharma Solutions Holdings, Inc. He serves as a Director of Prepak Systems, Inc. He serves as a Director of Le Bonheur Children's Medical Center Foundation, Inc., Methodist Le Bonheur Health Systems, Inc., and The University of Tennessee Research Foundation. He actively serves on an advisory committee of the University Of Tennessee School of Pharmacy. He served as a Director of Medco Health Solutions, Inc. from May 2006 to April 2012. He served as a Director of Accredo Health Inc. since 1996. He served as a Director of Thomas & Betts Corp. from February 4, 2004 to May 2012. He served as a Director of SHS since 1996. He served as a Director of Viasystems Group, Inc. since August 7, 2012 until May 31, 2015. He has been a private investor since 2006. He holds a Bachelor of Science in Accounting from the University of Tennessee and a Master of Business Administration from Memphis State University.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
Prins Bernhardplein 200Amsterdam, Noord-Holland 1097 JBNetherlandsPhone: 31 20 521 4777Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
DirectorAphena Pharma Solutions Holdings, Inc.2004-PresentDirectorWright Medical Technology, Inc.2012-PresentDirectorAllscripts Healthcare Solutions, Inc.2015-PresentChairman of The BoardWright Medical Group N.V.
Education
MBA University of MemphisBS University of Tennessee System, The
Other Affiliations
Accredo Health, IncorporatedViasystems Group, Inc.Thomas & Betts Corp.Medco Health Solutions, Inc.University of MemphisUniversity of Tennessee System, TheAllscripts Healthcare Solutions, Inc.Wright Medical Technology, Inc.Tornier N.V.Aphena Pharma Solutions Holdings, Inc.


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
Exercisable Options$69,940Unexercisable Options$17,274Total Number of Options$87,214
Total Compensation
Total Annual Cash Compensation$114,368Total Calculated Compensation$288,337




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONNamePosition/CompanyCompensationBradley R. Mason Chief Executive Officer, President and DirectorOrthofix International N.V.$705.6KCamille I. Farhat CEO, President & DirectorRTI Surgical, Inc.--Curt R. Hartman Chief Executive Officer, President and DirectorCONMED Corporation$710.0KFred P. Lampropoulos Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and PresidentMerit Medical Systems, Inc.$1.3MDavid C. Paul Co-Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Globus Medical, Inc.$430.0KCompensation as of Fiscal Year 2016.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Wright Medical Group N.V., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























David D. Stevens, Board Dir., Wright Medical Group Inc.














A publisher of Business Information since 1983   
  





 


   

Search Business Search Executive 
  Advanced Search 




  

Sign In  |  Hints 









Profile of David Stevens 





 


David Stevens

 

Board Dir. - Wright Medical Group Inc.

 


David Stevens Email :
Please login 

 

Company Name : 
Wright Medical Group Inc. 

 

Company Website : 
www.wmt.com 

 

Company Address : 
5677 Airline Rd. , Arlington, TN,United States, 


 


David Stevens Profile :
Board Dir. - Wright Medical Group Inc. 

 


David Stevens Biography :


Mr. Stevens, age 52, has been a director of the Company since 2004. He has been the Chief Executive Officer of Accredo Health, Incorporated (Accredo), a provider of specialized pharmacy and related services to the biopharmaceutical industry, since 1996. Accredo, previously a public company, was acquired by Medco Health Solutions, Inc., in 2005. Mr. Stevens was a director of Accredo from 1997 to 2005 and its Chairman of the Board from 1999 to 2005. He also has held senior executive positions with Nova Factor, Inc., and Southern Health Systems, Inc., both subsidiaries of Accredo, since 1996 and 1983, respectively. Mr. Stevens is a director of Thomas & Betts Corporation, a public company. 

 


David Stevens Colleagues :





Name 
Title 
Email 


Thomas Timbie 
Board Dir. 
Please login 


William Scott 
VP, GM - - Sales, Marketing Services 
Please login 


William Flannery 
VP - - Logistics, Materials 
Please login 


Kyle Joines 
VP - - Manufacturing 
Please login 


Lance Berry 
VP, Corporate Controller 
Please login 













            Home  |  About Us  |  Product Information   |  Subscription  |  List Builder   |  Executive List   |  Email Lists   |  Contact Us  |  Site Map  |  Browse Directory    





 

� 2009, Walkers's Research - A publisher of Business Information since 1983, All Rights Reserved.








David D Stevens - Elk Grove, CA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found David D Stevens in Elk Grove, CA


David D Stevens

                                                                           Intelius found that David D Stevens  is  a male between 70 and 80 years old from Elk Grove, CA.  We have connected them to
                10 addresses,
                1 phone,
                and 8 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Age

David D Stevens is in his 70s

David Has Lived In

Elk Grove, CA
Sacramento, CA
Stockton, CA

David's Relatives

Jeanne Stevens
Terry Stevens
Stephanie Stevens
Matthew Stevens







David D Stevens



Zodiac SignLibra



GenderMale



Get Report Now










Want to know more about David? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about David, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on David D Stevens
Get a Criminal Check on David D Stevens
Get a Public Record Report on David D Stevens
Get a People Search Report on David D Stevens


David D Stevens's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where David D Stevens has lived as well as David D Stevens's phone numbers and email addresses.




David D Stevens Has Lived in 1 States
California Address for David D Stevens


9551 C********* W** 

Elk Grove, CA


Has Lived In

Elk Grove, CA
Sacramento, CA


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with David D Stevens

(916) ***-**** - Elk Grove, CA 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with David D Stevens



Get Email Report




David D Stevens's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for David D Stevens


David D Stevens's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of David D Stevens's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
David Stevens
Username Matches

                  DavidStevens
                  StevensDavid
                  David.Stevens
                  Stevens.David
                  David_Stevens
                  Stevens_David
                  David-Stevens
                  Stevens-David
                  DStevens
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
D Stevens







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.




















David D. Stevens - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















David D. Stevens
Board Member at Wright Medical Group N.V.


View Full Profile
Are you David D. Stevens? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view David D. Stevens's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in David D. Stevens's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in David D. Stevens's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with David D. Stevens through your network of contacts.
												








David D. Stevens's Executive Work History


Current


Board Member, 
Wright Medical Group N.V.


Past
To view David D. Stevens's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
63

 
 


David D. Stevens's Biography



David D. Stevens joined our board of directors as a non-executive director in October 2015 in connection with the Wright/Tornier merger. Mr. Stevens serves as our Chairman. Mr. Stevens was a member of the board of directors of Wright Medical Group, Inc. from 2004 to 2015 and served as Chairman of the Board from 2009 to October 2015 and interim Chief Executive Officer of Wright from April 2011 to September 2011. He has been a private investor since 2006. Mr. Stevens served as Chief Executive Officer of Accredo Health Group, Inc., a subsidiary of Medco Health Solutions, Inc., from 2005 to 2006. He was Chief Executive Officer of Accredo Health,  ...
(Read More)

			David D. Stevens joined our board of directors as a non-executive director in October 2015 in connection with the Wright/Tornier merger. Mr. Stevens serves as our Chairman. Mr. Stevens was a member of the board of directors of Wright Medical Group, Inc. from 2004 to 2015 and served as Chairman of the Board from 2009 to October 2015 and interim Chief Executive Officer of Wright from April 2011 to September 2011. He has been a private investor since 2006. Mr. Stevens served as Chief Executive Officer of Accredo Health Group, Inc., a subsidiary of Medco Health Solutions, Inc., from 2005 to 2006. He was Chief Executive Officer of Accredo Health, Inc. from 1996 to 2005, served as Chairman of the Board from 1999 to 2005, and was President and Chief Operating Officer of the predecessor companies of Accredo Health from their inception in 1983 until 1996. He serves on the board of directors of Allscripts Healthcare Solutions, Inc., a publicly held company. He previously served on the board of directors of Viasystems Group, Inc., a publicly held company, from 2012 until May 2015 when it was acquired by TTM Technologies, Inc., Medco Health Solutions, Inc., a publicly held company, from 2006 until 2012 when it was acquired by Express Scripts Holding Company, and Thomas & Betts Corporation, a publicly held company, from 2004 to 2012 when it was acquired by ABB Ltd. Mr. Stevens's qualifications to serve on our board of directors include his extensive experience serving as a chief executive officer, including as interim chief executive officer of legacy Wright, his close familiarity with our business, and his prior experience as a director of legacy Wright.
		
Source: Wright Medical Group N.V. on 05/10/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view David D. Stevens's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like David D. Stevens. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in David D. Stevens's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in David D. Stevens's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with David D. Stevens through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: David D. Stevens


















David D. Stevens's Connections (305)





Sign up now to view David D. Stevens's 305 connections »









William L. Roper
Board Member, DaVita HealthCare Partners









Robert J. Cindrich
Board Member, Mylan N.V.









Thomas S. Leisher
Former President, eRx, Allscripts Healthcare Solutions, Inc.









Paul R. Kosters
Former President, Europe, Middle-East and Africa, Wright Medical









Jerre L. Stead
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, IHS Markit Ltd.









Robert J. Quillinan
Former Board Member, Coherent, Inc.









Edwin S. Roberson
Board Member, CONSOL Energy Inc.









Ernest H. Drew
Former Board Member, UQM Technologies Inc.









Todd B. Schull
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, TTM Technologies, Inc.









Ronald B. Kalich
Board Member, Surmodics, Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









David J. O'Connor
President and CEO, The Madison Square Garden Company









Claiborne P. Deming
Chairman of the Board, Murphy Oil Corporation












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993




















DSTEVENS | Product Design and Engineering.


















































 





Daniel Stevens A proven product design leader packed with over 14 years of engineering experience.Let's connect!
[email protected]
+1 619 356 3266


 
























Portfolio
Blog
About
Contact
 













 





PRODUCT DESIGN

Balanced solutions for modern products.




ENGINEERING & PROTOTYPING

Product engineering and functional prototypes.




3D CAD

Solid modeling and advanced surfacing.





 




 



All
Engineering
Product Design








Trea


Engineering, Product Design 












Kahna


Product Design 












Rail Grabber


Product Design 












Golf Swing Sensor


Engineering 












Guitar Electronics


Engineering 












iPad Presentation Package


Product Design 












MORE PROJECTS 


 



























   David Stevens | Brocade Communications Systems , Inc. | ZoomInfo.com


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.












Stevens Institute of Technology






















































Skip to Main Content
 












Apply



Giving



I am a…



Search


Search form

Search 





 



Utilities



 
Navigation & SearchClose














Welcome. Bienvenida. 欢迎. Hoşgeldiniz.
Get Started at Stevens 











Our vibrant campus community allows you to truly make yourself at home.
Forge lifelong friendships, join a club, participate in Greek life & more 











Sustainable Security Research at Stevens Aims for Cleaner, Greener Department of Defense Operations
How Super Algae May Be the Next New Alternative Energy Source 











Our student athletes excel on the field and in the classroom. 
Learn more about athletics at Stevens 











Stevens Ranked a Top 10 Value College in Nation for ROI
See why Stevens is ranked as one of the best values among the nation’s top colleges and universities 














Find a Program
Discover your passion, then turn it into a career that's personally and professionally rewarding.




Search Undergraduate
Search Graduate





Search







View All Undergraduate ProgramsView All Graduate Programs

Showing sample results for “Business,” start a new search above.





Previous
Next










Quantitative Finance
B.S.









Marketing
B.S.









Management
B.S.









Information Systems
B.S.









Finance
B.S.









Engineering Management
B.E.









Economics
B.S.









Business & Technology
B.S.













By the Numbers



A Stevens education yields results. Our students make connections, find careers and change the world, often before they've stepped off campus.
 











55Acres 



				acres of green lawns, distinctive buildings and unparalleled views of New York			














26Sports



				Stevens fields 26 NCAA Division III varsity sports and has several national championships that show the Stevens commitment to excellence lives on and off the field.			
Check out the Stevens Ducks






$67,100Salary



				The average starting salary for the Class of 2016			














Top Ten



				For the best 20-year return on investment for graduates, 2017 PayScale College ROI Report.			
See more rankings






Best Value



				Ranked in the top ten in the PayScale College ROI Report: Best Value Colleges			
Learn more about our top national rankings






Top 50



				Named in The Princeton Review’s 2015 "Colleges That Create Futures: 50 Schools That Launch Careers By Going Beyond the Classroom."			






95%Retention



				A strong first-year retention rate means student satisfaction runs high			






#2for Business



				Ranked second in the nation for business careers in the PayScale 2017 College ROI Report			
Learn more about the School of Business














10:1



				Student-faculty ratio at Stevens			






6thHighest



				In alumni earnings, ranked by Forbes based on data from the Center for College Affordability and Productivity and the new U.S. Dept. of Ed. College Scorecard.			
More from Forbes














5th Safest 



				College in the nation, named by Cappex in its 2015 review of more than 2,000 U.S. colleges and universities.			






26thin Nation



				Ranked among best non-MBA online business programs by U.S. News & World Report, 2017			



 










Stevens Headlines
View All News







 












Stevens Details Green Strategy for a Sustainable Campus, Hoboken Takes Notice 


















High Five: Prudential Exec Says Quintet of Stevens Degrees are Key to His Career Success


















Carnegie-MacArthur Award to Stevens to Raise Nuclear Terrorism Awareness, Develop VR for Public Education  


















Causality in the Science Conference Comes to Stevens to Tackle Time





 












Insider Trading, Financial Fraud, Misconduct: There's A Stevens/Accenture Communications Surveillance App For That


















Stevens Alumnus Strikes a Chord with Beginner Musicians Worldwide


















Stevens Rookie Team Makes Major Waves at Solar Boat Competition


















Stevens Student Team Proposes New Smart Device to Monitor Children's Skull Development, Flat Head Syndrome





 












Stevens Alumnus Richard Noble Inspires Entrepreneurial Spirit in Chemical Engineering


















Stevens Inspires New Jersey Students to Think Outside the Box at Math Olympiad


















A Smarter, Simpler Baggage Transfer Solution: Stevens Students Receive High Honors in Airport Design Competition


















Stevens-Developed Emergency Communications Technology Receives Key Federal Public Safety Grant





 









Events
View All Events








 


29 Jul 2017 9:30AM – 1:00PM


Stevens Graduate Open House


If you are interested in pursuing your graduate studies at Stevens Institute of Technology, we invite you to  attend a Graduate Open House to learn about graduate programs, research, and the application process.











20 Sep 2017 1:00PM – 2:00PM


Effective Crowdfunding Tips for Hardware Startups


Stevens Venture Center Speaker Series











6–8 Oct 2017 5:00PM – 9:00PM


Digital Healthcare Hackathon


Sponsored by the Stevens Venture Center











3 Nov 2017 9:00AM – 5:00PM


The Second Annual Conference: Reimagining Calculus Education


Hosted by the Mathematical Sciences Department



 







Multimedia Gallery: A Campus Full of Opportunity
From our waterfront campus to the sights and sounds of Hoboken, New York City and beyond.


Life on Campus
Our Location
Learning at Stevens
Our Legacy










Go Ducks!

School pride is on display when our scholar-athletes are at home competing. Individual and team accomplishments at national tournaments, including NCAA championships, have contributed to our profile and reputation. 











Passionate About the Arts

Stevens' performing arts community encourages all students to participate in the arts – music, theater and dance –  onstage or behind the scenes. A scene from "The Money Song", featured in a production of The World Goes Round. 

















Celebrating Diversity

Our students come from around the world, adding to the richness of campus culture with their unique heritage. The annual Unity Show features performances – music, drama and dance – celebrating student culture and heritage. 











Inviting and Inspiring

Stevens' beautiful campus directly facing Manhattan offers plenty of scenic spots to meet up with friends, or to simply take a moment of reflection in between classes. 











Bon Appétit!

A variety of campus eateries offer plenty of options to enjoy a meal or a coffee break with fellow students in a comfortable setting. Some even have Hudson River views! 











Fun and Games

Our students are academically focused, but they always find time to organize a volleyball game, play Frisbee on the lawn, engage in a friendly tug of war competition, and so much more. 











Greek Life

Members of the 16 Greek-Letter organizations at Stevens form life-long networks of brothers or sisters, and strive to live up to their common values and the university’s principles to community, leadership and scholarship. 



















Hit the Town

Washington Street is Hoboken's main artery, constantly buzzing with people taking advantage of the lively restaurants and shops that line the street. 











Enjoy the View

Across the river from Manhattan, Castle Point offers some of the most breath-taking views of New York City's iconic skyline. 











Going Green

Slightly removed from the bustle of the city, the university sits on 55 acres along the Hudson River waterfront with plenty of tranquil green space. 











Lackawanna Marks the Spot

The Lackawanna clock tower rises above Hoboken Terminal, a major transportation hub offering access to multiple rail lines, PATH trains, buses and ferries. 











Access to Opportunity

Our location on the Hudson River speaks to our maritime tradition and expertise, and our proximity to New York City offers a gateway to career and entrepreneurial opportunities in commerce, finance, media, art, fashion, research, technology, education and entertainment. 











On the Move

With the dependable PATH train just a short walk from campus, getting to New York City is a breeze. 











A Nod to the Past

The Stevens campus is dotted with historic buildings and structures that are reminders of the proud legacy of the university's founding family. The Gatehouse (pictured) once served as the entrance to the Stevens family residence – a 40-room Victorian mansion knows as the "Stevens Castle." 













Bright Ideas

Stevens student teams designed & built the prize-winning SURE HOUSE Solar Home entirely on the Stevens campus. 











Dream Team

Courses at Stevens emphasize teamwork, small groups, hands-on projects and interactive learning. 











Immerse Yourself

Stevens' Immersion Lab displays complex data on large-format monitors. 

















Exponential Innovation

A Stevens education culminates in a Senior Design Project and Innovation Expo featuring mind-blowing student research. 











Analyze This

The Hanlon Financial Systems Lab features a simulated Wall Street trading room equipped with Bloomberg terminals and state-of-the-art analytics software. 











Move it

The Motion Capture Lab captures and translates movement for game design, animation and other purposes. 











The Fine Print

Stevens' PROOF prototyping lab is equipped with eight 3D printers. 











Linked In

Stevens' unique curriculum teaches entrepreneurship from day one and offers numerous  internships with fast tracks to top careers. 











The Sounds Of Science

Music technology professors Rob Harari and Carlos Alomar create experimental music with students in Stevens' music technology lab. 













Trailblazing Economist

Wharton School professor Elizabeth E. Bailey M.S. '66 was the first female doctoral candidate in economics at Princeton and first female commissioner of the Civil Aeronautics Board. 











Grandfather of the Internet

David J. Farber '56 M.S. '61 Hon. D.Eng. '99 helped design and build the original backbone of the internet. 











Leading SWE

Inventor and engineering executive Beatrice A. Hicks M.S. '49 was elected as the first president of the national Society of Women Engineers in 1950. 











Industry Leader

Sang-Beom Han M.S. '85 Ph.D. '91 is chief executive officer and vice chairman of LG Display, the world’s largest LCD panel maker. 











Nobel Laureate

Frederick Reines '39 M.S. '41 won the 1995 Nobel Prize for Physics for the first detection of the neutrino, a subatomic particle whose detection is a keystone to understanding elementary particle physics. 











Literary Lion

Richard Reeves '60 Hon. D.Eng. '87 is an author, presidential biographer, historian, teacher, political commentator and award-winning telejournalist. 











NASA Visionary

During a NASA career that spanned three decades, Aaron Cohen M.S. '58 Hon. D.Eng. '82 served as director of the Johnson Space Center in Houston and held a variety of key leadership roles crucial to the success of the Apollo Program.  











Charting Progress

Henry L. Gantt, Class of 1884, developed the Gantt chart, a bar chart for tracking construction project schedules that’s an industry mainstay still in wide use today. 











Automotive Pioneer

Charles Stewart Mott, Class of 1897, co-founded the General Motors Corporation in 1908 and was a prominent philanthropist and public servant. 











Lone Star Visionary

Eugene McDermott, Class of 1919, co-founded Texas Instruments and served as president, board chairman and director of the electronics giant. 














Inside Perspective

From Twitter to Facebook, Instagram to YouTube, keep up with Stevens on social media. Browse, engage and don't forget to shout out! #StevensPride #FutureDuck
Social Media Hub 




Previous
Next








@FollowStevens

3d


RT @DCInbox: Pre-college @FollowStevens Law & Policy students getting down to business today in a cabinet meeting re: Drone stri… https://t.co/UbaqVAArZs







@FollowStevens

6d


RT @scwLibrary: Not Valyrian, But We Have Swords https://t.co/j0F6hucccU #GameOfThrones @FollowStevens https://t.co/YbkzuZbUNn







@FollowStevens




RT @CALatStevens: We are so incredibly honored to be named among this list of projects to be awarded by @CarnegieCorp & @macfound // https://t.co/PqpkHYcFQ4







@FollowStevens




RT @CALatStevens: One of our pre-college programs at the @whitneymuseum today. Such an awesome opportunity being neighbors with NYC! https://t.co/5yjlgedbzr







@FollowStevens

2w


RT @nfarvardin: Please watch and share this video highlighting University achievements this spring! https://t.co/4O7JE7CviV







@FollowStevens

2w


#Stevens Rookie Team Made Major Waves at the 2017 @SolarSplash Competition #solarsplash2017 https://t.co/4wgcVY9JXe https://t.co/QMRXIb5EO4







@FollowStevens

2w


#Stevens & @Accenure are developing tech to spot likely insider trading, financial fraud and misconduct using #AI https://t.co/gMjFTyZqhq







@FollowStevens

3w


Larrie Ferreiro & Alexander Pollara from #Stevens featured in @PhysicsToday, Clippers, Yachts, and the False Promis… https://t.co/fvPaPP4I9y







@FollowStevens

3w


RT @StevensBusiness: How a #Stevens alumnus and @poputar are teaching the guitar to a new and larger audience: https://t.co/miq4bKweC0 https://t.co/k012TCkrKu







@FollowStevens

3w


More than 90 VCs converging to meet best of breed innovators #NewYorkVentureSummit Save $100 "STEVIP" https://t.co/MgWhrvTUXV







@FollowStevens

3w


#Stevens senior design team came up with a patent-pending system that could prevent flat head syndrome… https://t.co/zSogB9HbTU







@FollowStevens

3w


#Stevens prof. K.P Subbalakshmi gave a lecture on "Artificial Intelligence: Practice and Policy” @theNASciences #AI… https://t.co/G5zWym1z45







@FollowStevens

3w


RT @njtechwkly: At Stevens, Tim Urban Tells #Entrepreneurs How to Think Like Elon Musk https://t.co/dA6uSCxB1h @FollowStevens @waitbutwhy







@FollowStevens

4w


#Stevens students' smart airport baggage transfer system design wins honors at ACRP University Design Competition… https://t.co/0SfdtsPnE2







@FollowStevens

4w


You seldom hear the words "fun" & "math" together. At the Stevens Math Olympiad, they go hand in hand:… https://t.co/99cak1NEJ0







@FollowStevens

4w


Stevens-developed emergency communications technology receives federal public safety grant #AI @usnistgov… https://t.co/ZVxyx5Wgc0







@FollowStevens

4w


#Stevens professor Jon Miller warns beachgoers to watch for warning signs of rip currents! @NJBeachProf https://t.co/W1HjhARVaq







@FollowStevens

4w


Check out the @whitneymuseum exhibit and special activations featuring works from Stevens alumnus #AlexanderCalder… https://t.co/H6LtjgelgO







@FollowStevens

4w


RT @bestofnj: NJ colleges are doing their part to improve the economy. Learn more here, with @SteveAdubato: https://t.co/8zRTLQLktH







@FollowStevens




Hanging out with @jschwall1 and @IEX on the 1st anniversary of SEC approving its exchange. Congrats to the team! https://t.co/wWnb8W9dfI





 









 



 









 



 









 



 









 



 









 



 









 



 









 



 









 



 









 



 









 

















 









 










Spotlight










The Power of Stevens


The Power of Stevens campaign aims to enhance the quality and impact of Stevens by securing support for student success, recruitment and retention of outstanding faculty, state-of-the-art facilities, and excellence in academic programs.
 
Learn More About the Campaign 





People of Stevens

 











Daniela Kranjac, '99

Founder, Dynamk Capital and Dynamk Consulting
 


 











Sam Ghosh, '06

Actor, Writer, Director
 


 











Billie Haas, Class of 2018

Major: Visual Arts & Technology
 


 











Martha Connolly, '75

Director of BioEntrepreneurship, University of Maryland
 


 











Brian Donohue, '11

Product Engineer, Pinterest
 


 











Jeff Nickerson

Associate Dean for Research, School of Business
 


 











Lindsey Cormack

Faculty Member, Social Sciences / Political Science
 


 
















Search form

Search 





 





Apply Now



Find a Program



Giving



I am a…


Log in to mySTEVENS
























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          


















Amazon.com: Amazon Music Unlimited








































Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















Digital Music



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Fresh
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 






 Amazon Music Unlimited Prime Music CDs & Vinyl Download Store         Open Web Player MP3 cart Settings













































































































$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          
















Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.
















Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).
















Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More


























Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          

















There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started

















v























