
Security Check Required




FacebookJoin or Log Into Facebook   Email or PhonePasswordForgot account?Log InDo you want to join Facebook?Sign UpSign UpSecurity CheckPlease enter the text belowCan't read the text above?Try another text or an audio captchaText in the box:What's this?Security CheckThis is a standard security test that we use to prevent spammers from creating fake accounts and spamming users.SubmitEnglish (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017





James Stewart - Wikipedia






















 






James Stewart

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

"Jimmy Stewart" and "Jimmy Stuart" redirect here. For other uses, see Jimmy Stewart (disambiguation), Jimmy Stuart (disambiguation), and James Stewart (disambiguation).


James Stewart



Stewart in 1948



Born
James Maitland Stewart
(1908-05-20)May 20, 1908
Indiana, Pennsylvania, U.S.


Died
July 2, 1997(1997-07-02) (aged 89)
Beverly Hills, California, U.S.


Cause of death
Pulmonary embolism[1]


Resting place
Forest Lawn, Glendale, California


Other names
Jimmy Stewart


Alma mater
Princeton University (B.A., 1932)


Occupation
Actor, Military officer


Years active
1932–1991


Known for
First American movie star to enlist in World War II[2][N 1]


Notable work
Mr. Smith Goes to Washington, The Philadelphia Story, It's a Wonderful Life, Rear Window, Vertigo, The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance


Political party
Republican


Spouse(s)
Gloria Hatrick McLean (m. 1949; d. 1994)


Children
4 (including two stepchildren)


Awards
Academy Lifetime Achievement (1985)
Academy Award for Best Actor (1941)
Golden Globe Cecil B. DeMille Award (1965)
Golden Globe Award for Best Actor – Television Series Drama (1974)


James Maitland "Jimmy" Stewart (May 20, 1908 – July 2, 1997) was an American actor and military officer who is among the most honored and popular stars in film history. A major Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer contract player, Stewart was known for his distinctive drawl and down-to-earth persona, which helped him often portray American middle-class men struggling in crisis. Many of the films he starred in have become enduring classics.
Stewart was nominated for five Academy Awards, winning one in competition for The Philadelphia Story (1940), and received an Academy Lifetime Achievement award in 1985. In 1999, Stewart was named the third greatest male screen legend of the Golden Age of Hollywood by the American Film Institute, behind Humphrey Bogart and Cary Grant.[3] The American Film Institute has also named five of Stewart's films to its list of the 100 best American films ever made.[4]
He also had a noted military career and was a World War II and Vietnam War veteran and pilot, who rose to the rank of Brigadier General in the United States Air Force Reserve, becoming the highest-ranking actor in military history.[5]



Contents


1 Early life and career
2 Pre-war success
3 Military service
4 Postwar career
5 Collaborations with Hitchcock and Mann

5.1 Career in the 1960s and 1970s


6 Last years and later career
7 Personal life

7.1 Politics


8 Death
9 Filmography
10 Broadway performances
11 Radio appearances
12 Legacy
13 Honors and tributes
14 See also
15 References

15.1 Notes
15.2 Citations
15.3 Bibliography


16 External links



Early life and career[edit]




After the Thin Man (1936)


Stewart was born on May 20, 1908, in Indiana, Pennsylvania, the son of Elizabeth Ruth (née Jackson; March 16, 1875 – August 2, 1953) and Alexander Maitland Stewart (May 19, 1871 – December 28, 1961), who owned a hardware store.[6][7] Stewart was mainly of Scottish ancestry and was raised as a Presbyterian.[8][9][10] He was descended from veterans of the American Revolution, the War of 1812, and the American Civil War.[10] The eldest of three children (he had two younger sisters, Virginia and Mary), he was expected to continue his father's business, which had been in the family for three generations. His mother was an excellent pianist but his father discouraged Stewart's request for lessons. When his father accepted a gift of an accordion from a guest, young Stewart quickly learned to play the instrument, which became a fixture offstage during his acting career. As the family grew, music continued to be an important part of family life.[11]
Stewart attended Mercersburg Academy prep school, graduating in 1928. He was active in a variety of activities. He played on the football and track teams, was art editor of the KARUX yearbook, and a member of the choir club, glee club, and John Marshall Literary Society. During his first summer break, Stewart returned to his hometown to work as a brick loader for a local construction company and on highway and road construction jobs where he painted lines on the roads. Over the following two summers, he took a job as an assistant with a professional magician.[12] He made his first appearance onstage at Mercersburg, as Buquet in the play The Wolves.[13]
A shy child, Stewart spent much of his after-school time in the basement working on model airplanes, mechanical drawing and chemistry—all with a dream of going into aviation. It was a dream greatly enhanced by the legendary 1927 flight of Charles Lindbergh, whose progress 19-year-old Stewart, then stricken with scarlet fever, was himself avidly following from home; thus foreshadowing his starring movie role as Lindbergh 30 years later.[14]
However, he abandoned visions of being a pilot when his father insisted that instead of the United States Naval Academy he attend Princeton University. Stewart enrolled at Princeton in 1928 as a member of the class of 1932. He excelled at studying architecture, so impressing his professors with his thesis on an airport design that he was awarded a scholarship for graduate studies;[12] but he gradually became attracted to the school's drama and music clubs, including the Princeton Triangle Club.[15] His acting and accordion talents at Princeton led him to be invited to the University Players, an intercollegiate summer stock company in West Falmouth, Massachusetts, on Cape Cod. The company had been organized in 1928 and would run until 1932, with Joshua Logan, Bretaigne Windust and Charles Leatherbee as directors. Stewart performed in bit parts in the Players' productions in Cape Cod during the summer of 1932, after he graduated.
The troupe had previously included Henry Fonda and Margaret Sullavan. Stewart and Fonda became close friends over the summer of 1932 when they shared an apartment with Joshua Logan and Myron McCormick.[16] When Stewart came to New York at the end of the summer stock season, which had included the Broadway tryout of Goodbye Again, he shared an apartment with Fonda, who had by then finalized his divorce from Sullavan. Along with fellow University Players Alfred Dalrymple and Myron McCormick, Stewart debuted on Broadway in the brief run of Carry Nation and a few weeks later – again with McCormick and Dalrymple – as a chauffeur in the comedy Goodbye Again, in which he had two lines. The New Yorker commented, "Mr. James Stewart's chauffeur... comes on for three minutes and walks off to a round of spontaneous applause."[17]




Al Hirschfeld drawing from Yellow Jack (Stewart, upper-left)


The play was a moderate success, but times were hard. Many Broadway theaters had been converted to movie houses and the Depression was reaching bottom. "From 1932 through 1934", Stewart later recalled, "I'd only worked three months. Every play I got into folded."[18] By 1934, he was given more substantial stage roles, including the modest hit Page Miss Glory and his first dramatic stage role in Sidney Howard's Yellow Jack, which convinced him to continue his acting career. However, Stewart and Fonda, still roommates, were both struggling. In the fall of 1934, Fonda's success in The Farmer Takes a Wife took him to Hollywood. Finally, Stewart attracted the interest of MGM scout Bill Grady who saw Stewart on the opening night of Divided by Three, a glittering première with many luminaries in attendance, including Irving Berlin, Moss Hart and Fonda, who had returned to New York for the show. With Fonda's encouragement, Stewart agreed to take a screen test, after which he signed a contract with MGM in April 1935, as a contract player for up to seven years at $350 a week.[19]




Stewart made four features with Margaret Sullavan, the second of which was The Shopworn Angel (1938)


Upon Stewart's arrival by train in Los Angeles, Fonda greeted him at the station and took him to Fonda's studio-supplied lodging, next door to Greta Garbo. Stewart's first job at the studio was as a participant in screen tests with newly arrived starlets. At first, he had trouble being cast in Hollywood films owing to his gangling looks and shy, humble screen presence. Aside from an unbilled appearance in a Shemp Howard comedy short called Art Trouble in 1934, his first film was the poorly received Spencer Tracy vehicle, The Murder Man (1935). Rose Marie (1936), an adaptation of a popular operetta, was more successful. After having mixed success in films, he received his first intensely dramatic role in 1936's After the Thin Man, and played Jean Harlow's character's frustrated boyfriend in the Clark Gable vehicle Wife vs. Secretary earlier that same year.
On the romantic front, he dated newly divorced Ginger Rogers.[20] The romance soon cooled, however, and by chance Stewart encountered Margaret Sullavan again. Stewart found his footing in Hollywood thanks largely to Sullavan, who campaigned for Stewart to be her leading man in the 1936 romantic comedy Next Time We Love. She rehearsed extensively with him, having a noticeable effect on his confidence. She encouraged Stewart to feel comfortable with his unique mannerisms and boyish charm and use them naturally as his own style. Stewart was enjoying Hollywood life and had no regrets about giving up the stage, as he worked six days a week in the MGM factory.[21] In 1936, he acquired big-time agent Leland Hayward, who would eventually marry Sullavan. Hayward started to chart Stewart's career, deciding that the best path for him was through loan-outs to other studios.
Pre-war success[edit]




Frank Capra's comedy You Can't Take It With You (1938) was one of the films that brought Stewart widespread attention


In 1938 Stewart had a brief, tumultuous romance with Hollywood queen Norma Shearer, whose husband, Irving Thalberg, head of production at MGM, had died two years earlier. Stewart began a successful partnership with director Frank Capra in 1938, when he was loaned out to Columbia Pictures to star in You Can't Take It With You. Capra had been impressed by Stewart's minor role in Navy Blue and Gold (1937). The director had recently completed several well received films, including It Happened One Night (1934), and was looking for the right actor to suit his needs—other recent actors in Capra's films such as Clark Gable, Ronald Colman, and Gary Cooper did not quite fit. Not only was Stewart just what he was looking for, but Capra also found Stewart understood that prototype intuitively and required very little directing. Later Capra commented, "I think he's probably the best actor who's ever hit the screen."[22]
You Can't Take It With You, starring Capra's "favorite actress", comedian Jean Arthur, won the 1938 Best Picture Academy Award. The following year saw Stewart work with Capra and Arthur again in the political comedy-drama Mr. Smith Goes to Washington. Stewart replaced intended star Gary Cooper in the film, playing an idealist thrown into the political arena. Upon its October 1939 release, the film garnered critical praise and became a box-office success. Stewart received the first of five Academy Award nominations for Best Actor. Stewart's father was still trying to talk him into leaving Hollywood and its sinful ways and to return to his home town to lead a decent life. Stewart took a secret trip to Europe to take a break and returned home in 1939 just as Germany invaded Poland.[22]


You hear so much about the old movie moguls and the impersonal factories where there is no freedom. MGM was a wonderful place where decisions were made on my behalf by my superiors. What's wrong with that?

James Stewart, The Leading Men of MGM[23]
Destry Rides Again, also released in 1939, became Stewart's first western film, a genre with which he would become identified later in his career. In this western parody, he is a pacifist lawman and Marlene Dietrich is the dancing saloon girl who comes to love him, but does not get him. Off-screen, Dietrich did get her man, but the romance was short-lived.[24] Made for Each Other (1939) had Stewart sharing the screen with Carole Lombard in a melodrama that garnered good reviews for both stars, but did less well with the public. Newsweek wrote that they were "perfectly cast in the leading roles".[25] Between movies, Stewart began a radio career and became a distinctive voice on the Lux Radio Theater's The Screen Guild Theater and other shows. So well-known had his slow drawl become that comedians began impersonating him.[26]
In 1940 Stewart and Sullavan reunited for two films. The first, the Ernst Lubitsch romantic comedy, The Shop Around the Corner, starred them as co-workers unknowingly involved in a pen-pal romance but who cannot stand each other in real life. It was Stewart's fifth film of the year and one of the rare ones shot in sequence; it was completed in only 27 days.[27] The Mortal Storm, directed by Frank Borzage, was one of the first blatantly anti-Nazi films to be produced in Hollywood and featured Sullavan and Stewart as friends and then lovers caught in turmoil upon Hitler's rise to power, literally hunted down by their own friends.




Stewart won his only Academy Award for Best Actor for 1940's The Philadelphia Story. He is seen here with co-star Katharine Hepburn


Stewart also starred with Cary Grant and Katharine Hepburn in George Cukor's classic The Philadelphia Story (1940). His performance as an intrusive, fast-talking reporter earned him his only Academy Award in a competitive category (Best Actor, 1941); he beat out his good friend Henry Fonda (The Grapes of Wrath). Stewart thought his performance "entertaining and slick and smooth" but lacking the "guts" of "Mr. Smith".[28] Stewart gave the Oscar statuette to his father, who displayed it for many years in a case inside the front door of his hardware store, alongside other family awards and military medals.
During the months before he began military service, Stewart appeared in a series of screwball comedies with varying levels of success. He followed No Time for Comedy (1940) with Rosalind Russell and Come Live with Me (1941) with Hedy Lamarr with the Judy Garland musical Ziegfeld Girl and the George Marshall romantic comedy Pot o' Gold, featuring Paulette Goddard. Stewart was drafted in late 1940, a situation that coincided with the lapse in his MGM contract, marking a turning point in Stewart's career, with 28 movies to his credit at that point.[29]
Military service[edit]


James Stewart



Stewart receiving the French Croix de Guerre with Palm in 1944



Nickname(s)
Jimmy


Place of burial
Glendale, California


Allegiance
United States of America


Service/branch
United States Army Air Forces


Years of service
1941–1968


Rank
Brigadier General


Battles/wars

World War II

European Theater of Operations

Vietnam War


See also: List of awards and nominations received by James Stewart
Stewart's family on both sides had deep military roots, as both grandfathers had fought in the Civil War,[10] and his father had served during both the Spanish–American War and World War I. Stewart considered his father to be the biggest influence on his life, so it was not surprising that, when another war came, he too was willing to serve. Members of his family had previously been in the infantry, but Stewart chose to become a flier.[30]
An early interest in flying led Stewart to gain his Private Pilot certificate in 1935 and Commercial Pilot certificate in 1938. He often flew cross-country to visit his parents in Pennsylvania, navigating by the railroad tracks.[12] Nearly two years before the December 1941 attack on Pearl Harbor, Stewart had accumulated over 400 hours of flying time.[31]
Considered a highly proficient pilot, he entered a cross-country race as a co-pilot in 1939.[32] Stewart, along with musician/composer Hoagy Carmichael, saw the need for trained war pilots, and joined with other Hollywood celebrities to invest in Thunderbird Field, a pilot-training school built and operated by Southwest Airways in Glendale, Arizona. This airfield became part of the United States Army Air Forces training establishment and trained more than 10,000 pilots during World War II.[33]
In October 1940, Stewart was drafted into the United States Army but was rejected for failing to meet the weight requirements for his height for new recruits—Stewart was 2.3 kg (5 lb) under the standard. To get up to 65 kg (143 lb), he sought out the help of Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer's muscle man and trainer Don Loomis, who was noted for his ability to help people add or subtract weight in his studio gymnasium. Stewart subsequently attempted to enlist in the Air Corps, but still came in underweight, although he persuaded the enlistment officer to run new tests, this time passing the weigh-in,[34][N 2] with the result that Stewart enlisted and was inducted in the Army on March 22, 1941. He became the first major American movie star to wear a military uniform in World War II.[2]
Stewart enlisted as a private[12][35] but applied for an Air Corps commission and Service Pilot rating as both a college graduate and a licensed commercial pilot. Soon to be 33, he was almost six years beyond the maximum age restriction for Aviation Cadet training, the normal path of commissioning for pilots, navigators and bombardiers. The now-obsolete auxiliary pilot ratings (Glider Pilot, Liaison Pilot and Service Pilot) differed from the Aviation Cadet Program in that a higher maximum age limit and corrected vision were allowed upon initial entry. Stewart received his commission as a second lieutenant on January 1, 1942,[36] shortly after the attack on Pearl Harbor, while a corporal at Moffett Field, California. He received his Service Pilot rating at that time, under the Service Pilot program established in March 1942 for experienced former civilian pilots. Although Service Pilots were normally restricted to noncombat flying, they were permitted to fly overseas on cargo and utility transports, typically with Air Transport, Ferry or Troop Carrier Commands. Under the regulations of the period, a Service Pilot could obtain an unrestricted Pilot rating after one year of USAAF service on flying status, provided he met certain flight experience requirements and passed an evaluation board, and some did in fact go on to combat flying assignments.[37] Stewart's first assignment was an appearance at a March of Dimes rally in Washington, D.C., but Stewart wanted assignment to an operational unit rather than serving as a recruiting symbol. He applied for and was granted advanced training on multi-engine aircraft. Stewart was posted to nearby Mather Field to instruct in both single- and twin-engine aircraft.[35][38]


Play media


James Stewart in Winning Your Wings (1942)


Public appearances by Stewart were limited engagements scheduled by the Army Air Forces. "Stewart appeared several times on network radio with Edgar Bergen and Charlie McCarthy. Shortly after Pearl Harbor, he performed with Orson Welles, Edward G. Robinson, Walter Huston and Lionel Barrymore in an all-network radio program called We Hold These Truths, dedicated to the 150th anniversary of the Bill of Rights."[39] In early 1942, Stewart was asked to appear in a film to help recruit the 100,000 airmen the USAAF anticipated it would need to win the war. The USAAF's First Motion Picture Unit shot scenes of Lieutenant Stewart in his pilot's flight jacket and recorded his voice for narration. The short recruitment film Winning Your Wings appeared in movie theaters nationwide beginning in late May and was very successful, resulting in 150,000 new recruits.[40][41]
Stewart was concerned that his expertise and celebrity status would relegate him to instructor duties "behind the lines".[42] His fears were confirmed when, after his promotion to first lieutenant on July 7, 1942,[43] he was stationed from August to December 1942 at Kirtland Army Airfield in Albuquerque, New Mexico, piloting AT-11 Kansans used in training bombardiers. He was transferred to Hobbs Army Airfield, New Mexico, for three months of transition training in the four-engine B-17 Flying Fortress, then sent to the Combat Crew Processing Center in Salt Lake City, where he expected to be assigned to a combat unit. Instead, he was assigned in early 1943 to an operational training unit, the 29th Bombardment Group at Gowen Field, Boise, Idaho, as an instructor.[35] He was promoted to captain on July 9, 1943,[43] and appointed a squadron commander.[38] To Stewart, now 35, combat duty seemed far away and unreachable, and he had no clear plans for the future. However, a rumor that Stewart would be taken off flying status and assigned to making training films or selling bonds called for immediate action, because what he dreaded most was "the hope-shattering spectre of a dead end".[44] Stewart appealed to his commander, 30-year-old Lt. Col. Walter E. Arnold Jr., who understood his situation and recommended Stewart to the commander of the 445th Bombardment Group, a B-24 Liberator unit that had just completed initial training at Gowen Field and gone on to final training at Sioux City Army Air Base, Iowa.[45][N 3]




World War II bomber pilot in 1943


In August 1943, Stewart was assigned to the 445th Bomb Group as operations officer of the 703d Bombardment Squadron, but after three weeks became its commander. On October 12, 1943, judged ready to go overseas, the 445th Bomb Group staged to Lincoln Army Airfield, Nebraska. Flying individually, the aircraft first flew to Morrison Army Airfield, Florida, and then on the circuitous Southern Route along the coasts of South America and Africa to RAF Tibenham, Norfolk, England. After several weeks of training missions, in which Stewart flew with most of his combat crews, the group flew its first combat mission on December 13, 1943, to bomb the U-boat facilities at Kiel, Germany, followed three days later by a mission to Bremen. Stewart led the high squadron of the group formation on the first mission, and the entire group on the second.[47] Following a mission to Ludwigshafen, Germany, on January 7, 1944, Stewart was promoted to major.[47][N 4] Stewart was awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross for actions as deputy commander of the 2nd Combat Bombardment Wing on the first day of "Big Week" operations in February and flew two other missions that week.[49]
On March 22, 1944, Stewart flew his 12th combat mission, leading the 2nd Bomb Wing in an attack on Berlin. On March 30, 1944, he was sent to RAF Old Buckenham to become group operations officer of the 453rd Bombardment Group, a new B-24 unit that had just lost both its commander and operations officer on missions.[50] To inspire the unit, Stewart flew as command pilot in the lead B-24 on several missions deep into Nazi-occupied Europe. As a staff officer, Stewart was assigned to the 453rd "for the duration" and thus not subject to a quota of missions of a combat tour. He nevertheless assigned himself as a combat crewman on the group's missions until his promotion to lieutenant colonel on June 3[43] and reassignment on July 1, 1944, to the 2nd Bomb Wing, assigned as executive officer to Brigadier General Edward J. Timberlake. His official tally of mission credits while assigned to the 445th and 453rd Bomb Groups was 20 sorties.
Stewart continued to go on missions uncredited, flying with the pathfinder squadron of the 389th Bombardment Group, with his two former groups and with groups of the 20th Combat Bomb Wing.[51] He received a second award of the Distinguished Flying Cross for actions in combat and was awarded the French Croix de Guerre. He also was awarded the Air Medal with three oak leaf clusters.
Stewart served in a number of staff positions in the 2nd and 20th Bomb Wings between July 1944 and the end of the war in Europe, and was promoted to full colonel on March 29, 1945.[43][52]
On May 10, 1945, he succeeded to command of the 2nd Bomb Wing, a position he held until June 15.[53] Stewart was one of the few Americans to ever rise from private to colonel in only four years during the Second World War.[12][35]
At the beginning of June 1945, Stewart was the presiding officer of the court-martial of a pilot and navigator who were charged with dereliction of duty for having accidentally bombed the Swiss city of Zurich the previous March—the first instance of U.S. personnel being tried for an attack on a neutral country. The court acquitted the defendants.[54]
Stewart continued to play a role in the Army Air Forces Reserve following World War II and the new United States Air Force Reserve after the official establishment of the Air Force as an independent service in 1947.
Stewart received permanent promotion to colonel in 1953 and served as Air Force Reserve commander of Dobbins Air Force Base, Georgia, the present day Dobbins Air Reserve Base.[43][55] He was also one of the 12 founders and a charter member of the Air Force Association in October 1945. Stewart rarely spoke about his wartime service, but did appear in January 1974 in an episode of the TV series The World At War, "Whirlwind: Bombing Germany (September 1939 – April 1944)", commenting on the disastrous mission of October 14, 1943, against Schweinfurt, Germany. At his request, he was identified only as "James Stewart, Squadron Commander" in the documentary.[56][57]
On July 23, 1959, Stewart was promoted to brigadier general. During his active duty periods, he remained current as a pilot of Convair B-36 Peacemaker, Boeing B-47 Stratojet and Boeing B-52 Stratofortress intercontinental bombers of the Strategic Air Command.[58]
On February 20, 1966, Brigadier General Stewart flew as a non-duty observer in a B-52 on an Arc Light bombing mission during the Vietnam War. He refused the release of any publicity regarding his participation, as he did not want it treated as a stunt, but as part of his job as an officer in the Air Force Reserve.
After 27 years of service, Stewart retired from the Air Force on May 31, 1968.[59]
Stewart received a number of awards during his military service and upon his retirement was awarded the United States Air Force Distinguished Service Medal.
Postwar career[edit]
After the war, Stewart took time off to reassess his career.[60] He was an early investor in Southwest Airways, founded by Leland Hayward, and considered going into the aviation industry if his restarted film career did not prosper.[61] Upon Stewart's return to Hollywood in fall 1945, he decided not to renew his MGM contract. He signed with the MCA talent agency. His former agent Leland Hayward got out of the talent business in 1944 after selling his A-list of stars, including Stewart, to MCA.[62]




As George Bailey, with guardian angel Clarence, in It's a Wonderful Life (1946). Stewart was Oscar-nominated for the performance, and the film is widely considered a Christmas classic


For his first film in five years, Stewart appeared in his third and final Frank Capra production, It's a Wonderful Life.[63][N 5] The role was Stewart's first since returning from service in World War II, during which he experienced what is now recognized as post-traumatic stress disorder. Author Robert Matzen wrote that the movie provided an outlet for Stewart's raw feelings. He wrote that he did not think Stewart "had that kind of capacity before the war. It enabled him to be ferocious and to have that raw emotion.[64] Capra paid RKO for the rights to the story and formed his own production company, Liberty Films. The female lead went to Donna Reed when Capra's perennial first choice, Jean Arthur, was unavailable, and after Ginger Rogers, Olivia de Havilland, Ann Dvorak, and Martha Scott had all turned down the role.[65] Stewart appeared as George Bailey, an upstanding small-town man who becomes increasingly frustrated by his ordinary existence and financial troubles. Driven to suicide on Christmas Eve, he is led to reassess his life by Clarence Odbody,[66] an "angel, second class" played by Henry Travers.
Although It's a Wonderful Life was nominated for five Academy Awards, including Stewart's third Best Actor nomination, it received mixed reviews and only disappointingly moderate success at the box office.[67] However, in the decades since the film's release, it grew to define Stewart's film persona and is widely considered as a sentimental Christmas film classic and, according to the American Film Institute, one of the 100 best American movies ever made. In an interview with Michael Parkinson in 1973, Stewart declared that out of all the movies he had made, It's a Wonderful Life was his favorite. After viewing the film, President Harry S. Truman concluded, "If Bess and I had a son we'd want him to be just like Jimmy Stewart."[68] In the aftermath of the film, Capra's production company went into bankruptcy, while Stewart started to have doubts about his ability to act after his military hiatus.[69] His father kept insisting he come home and marry a local girl. Meanwhile, in Hollywood, his generation of actors were fading and a new wave of actors would soon remake the town, including Marlon Brando, Montgomery Clift and James Dean.[70]







Magic Town (1947), a comedy film directed by William A. Wellman, starring James Stewart and Jane Wyman, was one of the first films about the then-new science of public opinion polling. It was poorly received. He completed Rope (1948) directed by Alfred Hitchcock and Call Northside 777 (1948), and weathered two box-office disappointments with On Our Merry Way (1948), a comedic musical ensemble in which Stewart and Henry Fonda were paired as two jazz musicians, and You Gotta Stay Happy (1949), for which the posters depicted Stewart being kissed on one cheek by Joan Fontaine and on the other by a chimpanzee. In the documentary film James Stewart: A Wonderful Life (1987), hosted by Johnny Carson, Stewart said that he went back to Westerns in 1950 in part because of the string of flops.
He returned to the stage to star in Mary Coyle Chase's Harvey, which had opened to nearly universal praise in November 1944,[71] as Elwood P. Dowd, a wealthy eccentric living with his sister and niece, and whose best friend is an invisible rabbit as large as a man. Dowd's eccentricity, especially the friendship with the rabbit, is ruining the niece's hopes of finding a husband. While trying to have Dowd committed to a sanatorium, his sister is committed herself while the play follows Dowd on an ordinary day in his not-so-ordinary life. Stewart took over the role from Frank Fay and gained an increased Broadway following in the unconventional play.[71] The play, which ran for nearly three years with Stewart as its star, was successfully adapted into a 1950 film, directed by Henry Koster, with Stewart reprising his role and Josephine Hull portraying his sister. Bing Crosby was the first choice, but he declined.[72] Stewart received his fourth Best Actor nomination for his performance. Stewart also played the role on Broadway in 1970, which was shot on videotape for NBC as part of the Hallmark Hall of Fame series in 1972, and on the London stage in 1975.
After Harvey, the World War II film Malaya (1949) with Spencer Tracy, and the conventional but highly successful biographical film The Stratton Story in 1949, Stewart's first pairing with "on-screen wife" June Allyson, his career took another turn.[73] During the 1950s, he expanded into the Western and suspense genres, thanks to collaborations with Alfred Hitchcock and Anthony Mann.
Other performances by Stewart during this time include the critically acclaimed 1950 Delmer Daves Western Broken Arrow, which featured Stewart as an ex-soldier and Indian agent making peace with the Apache; a troubled clown in the 1952 Best Picture The Greatest Show on Earth; and Stewart's role as Charles Lindbergh in Billy Wilder's 1957 The Spirit of St. Louis. He also starred in the Western radio show The Six Shooter for its one-season run from 1953 to 1954. During this time, Stewart wore the same cowboy hat and rode the same horse, "Pie", in most of his Westerns.[74][75]
Cary Grant said of Stewart's acting technique:

He had the ability to talk naturally. He knew that in conversations people do often interrupt one another and it's not always so easy to get a thought out. It took a little time for the sound men to get used to him, but he had an enormous impact. And then, some years later, Marlon came out and did the same thing all over again—but what people forget is that Jimmy did it first.[76]

Collaborations with Hitchcock and Mann[edit]
In Stewart's collaborations with director Anthony Mann, he entered the realm of the western. Stewart's first appearance in a film directed by Mann came with the 1950 western, Winchester '73. In choosing Mann (after first choice Fritz Lang declined), Stewart cemented a powerful partnership.[77] The film, which became a box-office hit upon its release, set the pattern for their future collaborations. In it, Stewart is a tough, revengeful sharpshooter, the winner of a prized rifle which is stolen and then passes through many hands, until the showdown between Stewart and his brother (Stephen McNally).[77]




Stewart made eight films for director Anthony Mann. Five of them were Westerns, including The Naked Spur (1953).


Other Stewart–Mann westerns, such as Bend of the River (1952), The Naked Spur (1953), The Far Country (1954) and The Man from Laramie (1955), were perennial favorites among young audiences entranced by the American West. Frequently, the films featured Stewart as a troubled cowboy seeking redemption, while facing corrupt cattlemen, ranchers and outlaws—a man who knows violence first hand and struggles to control it. The Stewart–Mann collaborations laid the foundation for many of the westerns of the 1950s and remain popular today for their grittier, more realistic depiction of the classic movie genre. Audiences saw Stewart's screen persona evolve into a more mature, more ambiguous, and edgier presence.[78]
Stewart and Mann also collaborated on other films outside the western genre. The Glenn Miller Story (1954) was critically acclaimed, garnering Stewart a BAFTA Award nomination, and (together with The Spirit of St. Louis) continued Stewart's portrayals of 'American heroes'. Thunder Bay, released the same year, transplanted the plot arc of their western collaborations to a more contemporary setting, with Stewart as a Louisiana oil driller facing corruption. Strategic Air Command, released in 1955, allowed Stewart to use his experiences in the United States Air Force on film.
Stewart's starring role in Winchester '73 was also a turning point in Hollywood. Universal Studios, who wanted Stewart to appear in both that film and Harvey, balked at his $200,000 asking price. His agent, Lew Wasserman, brokered an alternate deal, in which Stewart would appear in both films for no pay, in exchange for a percentage of the profits as well as cast and director approval.[79] Stewart ended up earning about $600,000 for Winchester '73 alone.[79] Hollywood's other stars quickly capitalized on this new way of doing business, which further undermined the decaying "studio system".[80]
The second collaboration to define Stewart's career in the 1950s was with director Alfred Hitchcock. Like Mann, Hitchcock uncovered new depths to Stewart's acting, showing a protagonist confronting his fears and his repressed desires. Stewart's first movie with Hitchcock was the technologically innovative 1948 film Rope, shot in long "real time" takes.[81]




Rear Window (1954) was one of four films Stewart made with Alfred Hitchcock. Stewart became the highest-grossing star of 1954 as a result.


The two collaborated for the second of four times on the 1954 hit Rear Window, widely considered one of Hitchcock's masterpieces. Stewart portrays photographer L.B. "Jeff" Jeffries, loosely based on Life photographer Robert Capa, who projects his fantasies and fears onto the people he observes out his apartment window while on hiatus due to a broken leg. Jeffries gets into more than he can handle, however, when he believes he has witnessed a salesman (Raymond Burr) commit a murder, and when his glamorous girlfriend (Grace Kelly), at first disdainful of his voyeurism and skeptical about any crime, eventually is drawn in and tries to help solve the mystery. Limited by his wheelchair, Stewart is led by Hitchcock to react to what his character sees with mostly facial responses. It was a landmark year for Stewart, becoming the highest grossing actor of 1954 and the most popular Hollywood star in the world, displacing John Wayne.[82] Hitchcock and Stewart formed a corporation, Patron Inc., to produce the film, which later became the subject of a Supreme Court case Stewart v. Abend (1990).




With Kim Novak in Vertigo, 1958


After starring in Hitchcock's remake of the director's earlier production, The Man Who Knew Too Much (1956), with Doris Day, Stewart starred, with Kim Novak, in what many consider Hitchcock's most personal film, Vertigo (1958).[83] The movie starred Stewart as John "Scottie" Ferguson, a former police investigator suffering from acrophobia, who develops an obsession with a woman he is shadowing. Scottie's obsession inevitably leads to the destruction of everything he once had and believed in. Though the film is widely considered a classic today, Vertigo met with very mixed reviews and poor box-office receipts upon its release, and marked the last collaboration between Stewart and Hitchcock.[84] The director reportedly blamed the film's failure on Stewart looking too old to be Kim Novak's love interest, and cast Cary Grant as Roger Thornhill in North by Northwest (1959), a role Stewart had very much wanted. (Grant was actually four years older than Stewart but photographed much younger.) Today, Vertigo is ranked highest in the 2012 Sight & Sound critics poll for the greatest films ever made, taking the title from long-standing favorite Citizen Kane.[85]
Career in the 1960s and 1970s[edit]




Anatomy of a Murder (1959)


In 1960, Stewart was awarded the New York Film Critics Circle Award for Best Actor and received his fifth and final Academy Award for Best Actor nomination, for his role in the 1959 Otto Preminger film Anatomy of a Murder. This courtroom drama stars Stewart as Paul Biegler, the lawyer of a hot-tempered soldier (played by Ben Gazzara) who claims temporary insanity after murdering a tavern owner who raped his wife. The film featured a career-making performance by George C. Scott as the prosecutor. The film was considered quite explicit for its time, and it was a box-office success.[86] Stewart's nomination was one of seven for the film (Charlton Heston was the winner with Ben-Hur), and saw his transition into the final decades of his career.
On January 1, 1960, Stewart received news of the death of Margaret Sullavan.[87] As a friend, mentor, and focus of his early romantic feelings, she had a unique influence on Stewart's life. On April 17, 1961, longtime friend Gary Cooper was too ill to attend the 33rd Academy Awards ceremony, so Stewart accepted the honorary Oscar on his behalf. Stewart's emotional speech hinted that something was seriously wrong, and the next day newspapers ran the headline, "Gary Cooper has cancer". One month later, on May 13, 1961, six days after his 60th birthday, Cooper died.
In the early 1960s, Stewart took leading roles in three John Ford films, his first work with the director. The first, Two Rode Together, paired him with Richard Widmark in a Western with thematic echoes of Ford's The Searchers. The next, 1962's The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance, Stewart's first picture with John Wayne, is a classic "psychological" western, shot in black and white film noir style featuring powerful use of shadows in the climactic sequence, with Stewart as an Eastern attorney who goes against his non-violent principles when he is forced to confront a psychopathic outlaw (played by Lee Marvin) in a small frontier town. At story's end, Stewart's character — now a rising political figure — faces a difficult ethical choice as he attempts to reconcile his actions with his personal integrity. The film's billing is unusual in that Stewart was given top billing over Wayne in the trailers and on the posters but Wayne was listed above Stewart in the film itself. The complex picture garnered mixed reviews but was an instant hit at the box office and became a critical favorite over the ensuing decades.




How the West Was Won (1962)



How the West Was Won (which Ford co-directed, though without directing Stewart's scenes) and Cheyenne Autumn were western epics released in 1962 and 1964 respectively. One of only a handful of movies filmed in true Cinerama, shot with three cameras and exhibited with three simultaneous projectors in theatres, How the West Was Won went on to win three Oscars and reap massive box-office figures. Cheyenne Autumn, in which a white-suited Stewart played Wyatt Earp in a long semi-comedic sequence in the middle of the movie, failed domestically and was quickly forgotten. The historical drama was Ford's final Western and Stewart's last feature film with Ford. Stewart's entertainingly memorable middle sequence is not directly connected with the rest of the film and was often excised from the lengthy film in later theatrical exhibition prints and some television broadcasts.
Having played his last romantic lead in Bell, Book and Candle (1958), with Kim Novak, and silver-haired (although not all was his—he wore a partial hairpiece starting with It's a Wonderful Life and in every film thereafter), Stewart transitioned into more family-related films in the 1960s when he signed a multi-movie deal with 20th Century Fox. These included the successful Henry Koster outing Mr. Hobbs Takes a Vacation (1962), and the less memorable films Take Her, She's Mine (1963) and Dear Brigitte (1965), which featured French model Brigitte Bardot as the object of Stewart's son's mash notes. The Civil War period film Shenandoah (1965) and the western family film The Rare Breed fared better at the box office; the Civil War movie, with strong antiwar and humanitarian themes, was a hit in the South.[citation needed]




In 1973 TV series Hawkins.


As an aviator, Stewart was particularly interested in aviation films and had pushed to appear in several in the 1950s, including No Highway in the Sky (1951), and Strategic Air Command (1955) and The Spirit of St. Louis (1957). He continued in this vein in the 1960s, in a role as a hard-bitten pilot in The Flight of the Phoenix (1965). Subbing for Stewart, famed stunt pilot and air racer Paul Mantz was killed when he crashed the "Tallmantz Phoenix P-1", the specially made, single-engined movie airplane, in an abortive "touch-and-go". Stewart also narrated the film X-15 in 1961. In 1964, he and several other military aviators, including Curtis LeMay, Paul Tibbets, Bruce Sundlun and Arthur Godfrey, became the founding directors on the board of Executive Jet Aviation Corporation.[88]
After a progression of lesser western films in the late 1960s and early 1970s, Stewart transitioned from cinema to television. In the 1950s he had made guest appearances on the Jack Benny Program. Stewart first starred in the NBC comedy The Jimmy Stewart Show, on which he played a college professor. He followed it with the CBS mystery Hawkins, in which he played a small town lawyer investigating cases, similar to his character in Anatomy of a Murder. The series garnered Stewart a Golden Globe for Best Actor in a Dramatic TV Series, but failed to gain a wide audience, possibly because it rotated with Shaft, another high-quality series but with a starkly conflicting demographic, and was cancelled after one season. During this time, Stewart periodically appeared on Johnny Carson's The Tonight Show, sharing poems he had written at different times in his life. His poems were later compiled into a short collection, Jimmy Stewart and His Poems (1989).[89][90]
Stewart returned to films after an absence of five years with a major supporting role in John Wayne's final film, The Shootist (1976) where Stewart played a doctor giving Wayne's gunfighter a terminal cancer diagnosis. At one point, both Wayne and Stewart were flubbing their lines repeatedly and Stewart turned to director Don Siegel and said, "You'd better get two better actors." Stewart also appeared in supporting roles in Airport '77, the 1978 remake of The Big Sleep starring Robert Mitchum as Raymond Chandler's Philip Marlowe, and The Magic of Lassie (1978). All three movies received poor reviews, and The Magic of Lassie flopped at the box office.
Last years and later career[edit]




Speaking at The Kennedy Center on Inauguration Day, 1981, in Washington D.C.


Following the failure of The Magic of Lassie, Stewart went into semi-retirement from acting. He donated his papers, films, and other records to Brigham Young University's Harold B. Lee Library in 1983.[91] Stewart had diversified investments including real estate, oil wells, a charter-plane company and membership on major corporate boards, and he became a multimillionaire. In the 1980s and '90s, he did voiceover work for commercials for Campbell's Soups.
Stewart's longtime friend Henry Fonda died in 1982, and former co-star and friend Grace Kelly died after a car crash shortly afterwards. A few months later, Stewart starred with Bette Davis in Right of Way. He filmed several television movies in the 1980s, including Mr. Krueger's Christmas, which allowed him to fulfill a lifelong dream to conduct the Mormon Tabernacle Choir.[92] He made frequent visits to the Reagan White House and traveled on the lecture circuit. The re-release of his Hitchcock films gained Stewart renewed recognition. Rear Window and Vertigo were particularly praised by film critics, which helped bring these pictures to the attention of younger movie-goers. He was presented an Academy Honorary Award by Cary Grant in 1985, "for his 50 years of memorable performances, for his high ideals both on and off the screen, with respect and affection of his colleagues".[68]
In 1988, Stewart made an impassioned plea in Congressional hearings, along with, among many others, Burt Lancaster, Katharine Hepburn, Ginger Rogers, and film director Martin Scorsese, against Ted Turner's decision to 'colorize' classic black and white films, including It's a Wonderful Life. Stewart stated, "the coloring of black-and-white films is wrong. It's morally and artistically wrong and these profiteers should leave our film industry alone".[93]
In 1989, Stewart founded the American Spirit Foundation to apply entertainment industry resources to developing innovative approaches to public education and to assist the emerging democracy movements in the former Iron Curtain countries. Peter F. Paul arranged for Stewart, through the offices of President Boris Yeltsin, to send a special print of It's a Wonderful Life, translated by Lomonosov Moscow State University, to Russia as the first American program ever to be broadcast on Russian television. It first aired on Russian TV Channel 2 on January 5, 1992, the first day of the existence of the Commonwealth of Independent States and Russian Orthodox Christmas.
In association with politicians and celebrities such as President Ronald Reagan, Supreme Court Chief Justice Warren Burger, California Governor George Deukmejian, Bob Hope and Charlton Heston, Stewart worked from 1987 to 1993 on projects that enhanced the public appreciation and understanding of the U.S. Constitution and Bill of Rights.
In 1991, James Stewart voiced the character of Sheriff Wylie Burp in the movie An American Tail: Fievel Goes West, which was his last film role. Shortly before his 80th birthday, he was asked how he wanted to be remembered. "As someone who 'believed in hard work and love of country, love of family and love of community.'"[68]
Personal life[edit]
Stewart was almost universally described by his collaborators as a kind, soft-spoken man and a true professional.[94] Joan Crawford praised the actor as an "endearing perfectionist" with "a droll sense of humor and a shy way of watching you to see if you react to that humor".[68]




Stewart was married to Gloria Hatrick McLean from 1949 to her death in 1994


When Henry Fonda moved to Hollywood in 1934, he was again a roommate with Stewart in an apartment in Brentwood,[95] and the two gained reputations as playboys.[96] Both men's children later noted that their favorite activity when not working seemed to be quietly sharing time together while building and painting model airplanes, a hobby they had taken up in New York, years earlier.[97]
After World War II, Stewart settled down, at age 41, marrying former model Gloria Hatrick McLean on August 9, 1949. As Stewart loved to recount in self-mockery, "I, I, I pitched the big question to her last night and to my surprise she, she, she said yes!"[98] Stewart adopted her two sons, Michael and Ronald, and with Gloria he had twin daughters, Judy and Kelly, on May 7, 1951. The couple remained married until her death from lung cancer on February 16, 1994, at the age of 75. Ronald McLean was killed in action in Vietnam on June 8, 1969, at the age of 24, while serving as a lieutenant in the Marine Corps.[99][100] Daughter Kelly Stewart is a physical anthropologist.[101]
Stewart was active in philanthropy over the years. His signature charity event, "The Jimmy Stewart Relay Marathon Race", held each year since 1982, has raised millions of dollars for the Child and Family Development Center at St. John's Health Center in Santa Monica, California.[12] He was a lifelong supporter of Scouting, having been a Second Class Scout when he was a youth, an adult Scout leader, and a recipient of the prestigious Silver Buffalo Award from the Boy Scouts of America (BSA). In later years, he made advertisements for the BSA, which led to his being sometimes incorrectly identified as an Eagle Scout.[102] An award for Boy Scouts, "The James M. Stewart Good Citizenship Award" has been presented since May 17, 2003.[103]
Stewart was a Life Member of the Sons of the Revolution in the State of California.[104]
One of Stewart's lesser-known talents was his homespun poetry. Once, while on The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson, he read a poem entitled "Beau" that he had written about his dog. By the end of this reading, Carson's eyes were welling with tears.[105] This was later parodied on a late 1980s episode of the NBC sketch show Saturday Night Live, with Dana Carvey as Stewart reciting the poem on Weekend Update and bringing anchor Dennis Miller to tears. He was also an avid gardener. Stewart purchased the house next door to his Beverly Hills home, had it razed, and installed his garden on the lot.[106]
Politics[edit]
Stewart was a staunch Republican[107] and actively campaigned for Richard Nixon and Ronald Reagan. He was a hawk on the Vietnam War, and maintained that his stepson, Ronald, did not die in vain. Stewart actively supported Reagan's bid to win the Republican presidential nomination in 1976.
Following the assassination of Senator Robert F. Kennedy in 1968, Stewart, Charlton Heston, Kirk Douglas and Gregory Peck issued a statement calling for support of President Lyndon Johnson's Gun Control Act of 1968.
One of his best friends was fellow actor Henry Fonda, despite the fact that the two had very different political ideologies. A political argument in 1947 resulted in a fistfight, but they maintained their friendship by never discussing politics again.[108] This tale may be apocryphal as Jhan Robbins quotes Stewart as saying: "Our views never interfered with our feelings for each other, we just didn't talk about certain things. I can't remember ever having an argument with him—ever!" However, Jane Fonda told Donald Dewey for his 1996 biography of Stewart that her father did have a falling out with Stewart at that time, although she did not know whether it was because of their political differences. There is a brief reference to their political differences in character in their movie The Cheyenne Social Club. In the last years of his life, he donated to the campaign of Bob Dole in the 1996 presidential election and to Democratic Florida governor Bob Graham in his successful run for the Senate.[107]
Death[edit]




James Stewart's grave



Stewart was hospitalized after falling over in December 1995.[109] In December 1996, he was due to have the battery in his pacemaker changed, but opted not to, preferring to let things happen naturally. In February 1997, he was hospitalized for an irregular heartbeat. On June 25, a thrombosis formed in his right leg, leading to a pulmonary embolism one week later. Surrounded by his children on July 2, 1997, Stewart died at the age of 89 at his home in Beverly Hills, California, with his final words to his family being, "I'm going to be with Gloria now."[110] President Bill Clinton commented that America had lost a "national treasure ... a great actor, a gentleman and a patriot".[68] Over 3,000 mourners, mostly celebrities, attended Stewart's memorial service, which included a firing of three volleys for his service in the Army Air Forces and the U.S. Air Force.[111] Stewart's remains are interred at Forest Lawn Memorial Park in Glendale, California.[112]
Filmography[edit]




In Frank Borzage's The Mortal Storm



Main article: James Stewart filmography
From the beginning of Stewart's film career in 1935, through his final theatrical project in 1991, he appeared in more than 92 films, television programs and shorts. Five of his movies were included on the American Film Institute's list of the 100 greatest American films: Mr. Smith Goes to Washington; The Philadelphia Story; It's a Wonderful Life; Rear Window and Vertigo. His roles in Mr. Smith Goes to Washington, The Philadelphia Story, It's a Wonderful Life, Harvey, and Anatomy of a Murder earned him Academy Award nominations—with one win for The Philadelphia Story.
Broadway performances[edit]

Carry Nation as "Constable Gano" (October – November 1932)
Goodbye Again as "Chauffeur" (December 1932 – July 1933)
Spring in Autumn as "Jack Brennan" (October–November 1933)
All Good Americans as "Johnny Chadwick" (December 1933 – January 1934)
Yellow Jack as "Sgt. John O'Hara" (May 1934)
Divided By Three as "Teddy Parrish" (October 1934)
Page Miss Glory as "Ed Olsen" (November 1934 – March 1935)
A Journey By Night as "Carl" (April 1935)
Harvey as "Elwood P. Dowd" (July–August 1947, July–August 1948, replacing vacationing Frank Fay, who created the role on Broadway)[N 6]
Harvey as "Elwood P. Dowd" (revival, February–May 1970)
A Gala Tribute to Joshua Logan as himself (March 9, 1975)

Radio appearances[edit]


Year
Program
Episode/source


1937
Lux Radio Theatre
Madame X


1939
The Gulf Screen Guild Theater
Tailored By Toni


1939
The Gulf Screen Guild Theater
Going My Way


1940
The Gulf Screen Guild Theater
Single Crossing


1940
Screen Guild Players
The Shop Around the Corner[113]


1945
Lux Radio Theatre
Destry Rides Again


1946
Suspense
"Consequence"[114]


1947
Lux Radio Theatre
It's A Wonderful Life


1947
Lux Radio Theatre
Magic Town


1948
Readers' Digest Radio Edition
One Way to Broadway[113]


1949
Suspense
Mission Completed[113]


1949
Lux Radio Theatre
You Gotta Stay Happy


1949
Lux Radio Theatre
June Bride


1949
Screen Directors Playhouse
Call Northside 777


1950
Lux Radio Theatre
The Stratton Story


1951
Lux Radio Theatre
When Johnny Comes Marching Home


1951
Lux Radio Theatre
Winchester '73


1952
Lux Radio Theatre
No Highway in the Sky


1953
Theatre Guild on the Air
O'Halloran's Luck''[115]


1953-4
The Six Shooter
Starred as Britt Ponset


Legacy[edit]




Photo by Carl Van Vechten (1934)


Throughout his seven decades in Hollywood, Stewart cultivated a versatile career and recognized screen image in such classics as Mr. Smith Goes to Washington, The Mortal Storm, The Philadelphia Story, Harvey, It's a Wonderful Life, Shenandoah, The Glenn Miller Story, Rear Window, Rope, The Man Who Knew Too Much, The Shop Around the Corner, The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance and Vertigo. He is the most represented leading actor on the AFI's 100 Years…100 Movies (10th Anniversary Edition) and AFI's 10 Top 10 lists. He is the most represented leading actor on the 100 Greatest Movies of All Time list presented by Entertainment Weekly. As of 2007, ten of his films have been inducted into the United States National Film Registry. As part of their 100 Years Series, Stewart was named the third greatest screen legend actor in American film history by the AFI in 1999.[3]
Stewart left his mark on a wide range of film genres, including westerns, suspense thrillers, family films, biographies, and screwball comedies. He worked for many renowned directors during his career, among them Frank Capra, George Cukor, Henry Hathaway, Cecil B. DeMille, Ernst Lubitsch, Frank Borzage, George Stevens, Alfred Hitchcock, John Ford, Billy Wilder, Don Siegel, and Anthony Mann. He won many of the industry's highest honors and earned Lifetime Achievement awards from every major film organization, and is often considered to be one of the most influential actors in the history of American cinema.
Honors and tributes[edit]
Main article: List of awards and nominations received by James Stewart
Stewart was the recipient of many official accolades throughout his life, receiving film industry awards, military and civilian medals, honorary degrees, and memorials and tributes for his contribution to the performing arts, humanitarianism, and military service.
The library at Brigham Young University houses his personal papers and movie memorabilia including his Academy Award for Best Actor.[116][117]
In February 1980, Stewart was honored by Freedoms Foundation of Valley Forge, Pennsylvania, along with U.S. Senator Jake Garn, U.S. Ambassador Shirley Temple Black, singer John Denver, and Tom Abraham, a businessman from Canadian, Texas, who worked with immigrants seeking to become U.S. citizens.[118]
On May 20, 1995, his 87th birthday, The James M. Stewart Foundation was created to honor James Stewart. In concert with his family members, the foundation also established The Jimmy Stewart Museum in his hometown of Indiana, Pennsylvania. The foundation was created to "preserve, promote and enshrine the accomplishments of James M. Stewart, actor, soldier, civic leader, and world citizen..." The registered office is at 835 Philadelphia Street, Indiana, Pa, 15701 and is located within easy walking distance of his place of birth, the home in which he grew up, and the former location of his father's hardware store. A large statue of Stewart stands on the lawn of the Indiana County Courthouse, just feet from the museum.
The Jimmy Stewart Museum houses movie posters and photos, awards, personal artifacts, a gift shop and an intimate 1930's era theatre in which his films are regularly shown.
See also[edit]

List of film collaborations



United States Air Force portal
Biography portal
Film portal


References[edit]
Notes[edit]



^ MGM head Louis B. Mayer first tried to talk Stewart out of enlisting, claiming he would be sacrificing his career. "Mayer was just so desperate to say something that would keep me from enlisting", recalls Stewart... I said, "Mr. Mayer, this country's conscience is bigger than all the studios in Hollywood put together, and the time will come when we'll have to fight...The next thing he did was announce a big going-away party for me, and every star at the studio was summoned to be there... That was one big party."[2]
^ Stewart later confided that he had a 'friend' operating the weight scales.[34]
^ Walter E. "Pop" Arnold became commander of the 485th Bombardment Group in September 1943 and his B-24 was shot down over eastern Germany on August 27, 1944, making him a prisoner of war.[46]
^ While leading the 445th on this date, Stewart made a decision in combat to not break formation from another group that had made an error in navigation. The other group lost four bombers in a subsequent interception, but Stewart's decision possibly saved it from annihilation and incurred considerable damage to his own 48 aircraft. His decision resulted in a letter of commendation and promotion to major on January 20, 1944. Sy Bartlett and Beirne Lay used the episode in their novel 12 O'Clock High.[43][47][48]
^ Although Stewart was always Capra's first choice, in an interview later in life, he conceded that "Henry Fonda was in the running."[63]
^ The reference does not mention the second set of dates, nor that Frank Fay created the role.



Citations[edit]


^ "James Stewart, the Hesitant Hero, Dies at 89". The New York Times. July 3, 1997. 
^ a b c Munn, Michael. Jimmy Stewart: The Truth Behind the Legend, Skyhorse Publishing (2013) ebook
^ a b "AFI's 100 Years ... 100 Stars". American Film Institute (Afi.com). June 16, 1999. Retrieved June 22, 2013. 
^ http://www.afi.com/laa/laa80.aspx
^ Smith, Lynn (March 30, 2003). "In Supporting Roles". Los Angeles Times. p. 193. 
^ "James Stewart profile". FilmReference.com. Retrieved January 11, 2011.
^ "Ancestry of Jimmy Stewart". genealogy.about.com. Retrieved October 28, 2012.
^ "Movies: Best Pictures". The New York Times. Retrieved March 7, 2012.
^ "Jimmy Stewart profile". adherents.com. Retrieved March 7, 2012.
^ a b c Eliot 2006, pp. 11–12.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 15.
^ a b c d e f "Biography". The Jimmy Stewart Museum. Retrieved January 11, 2011.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 31.
^ Berg, A. Scott (1999). Lindbergh. New York, NY: Berkley/Penguin. p. 121. ISBN 978-0-425-17041-0. 
^ "Princeton Triangle Club" Archived 2011-10-02 at the Wayback Machine.. princeton.edu. Retrieved January 11, 2011.
^ Fonda and Teichmann 1981, p. 74.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 57.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 58.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 65.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 74.
^ Eliot 2006, pp. 84, 87.
^ a b Eliot 2006, p. 105.
^ Wayne 2004, p. 447.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 139.
^ Jones, McClure and Twomey 1970, p. 67.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 112.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 144.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 167.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 168.
^ Smith 2005, pp. 25–26.
^ "Brigadier General James Stewart". National Museum of the United States Air Force. Retrieved November 2, 2011.
^ Smith 2005, p. 26.
^ "Thunderbird Field". airfields-freeman.com. Retrieved November 2, 2011.
^ a b Smith 2005, p. 30.
^ a b c d "Brigadier General James Stewart". Something About Everything Military. Retrieved September 7, 2008.
^ Associated Press, "James Stewart Now Is Second Lieutenant", The Spokesman-Review, Spokane, Washington, Friday 2 January 1942, Volume 59, Number 233, page 2.
^ U.S. Army Air Forces (01 October 1943). Section 11 - Aeronautical Ratings, in Pilot's Information File (PIF 1-11-8), War Department, Washington, DC
^ a b McGowan, Sam. "From Private to Colonel". WWII History, Volume 11, July 2012, p. 42.
^ Smith 2005, pp. 31–32.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 181.
^ Biederman, Patricia Ward. "Winning the war, one frame at a time". Los Angeles Times, October 30, 2002. Retrieved September 7, 2008.
^ Smith 2005, p. 31.
^ a b c d e f Smith 2005, p. 273.
^ Smith 2005, pp. 49–50.
^ McGowan "From Private to Colonel", p. 43.
^ "485th Stories". 485thbg.org. 
^ a b c McGowan "From Private to Colonel", p. 44.
^ Bowman 1979, p. 26.
^ McGowan "From Private to Colonel", p. 45.
^ McGowan "From Private to Colonel", pp. 45–46.
^ McGowan "From Private to Colonel", pp. 46–47.
^ McGowan "From Private to Colonel", p. 47.
^ Maurer 1983, p. 375.
^ Helmreich, Dr. Jonathan E. "The Bombing of Zurich". Maxwell Air Force Base. Retrieved March 28, 2010.
^ "FBI Award". FBI. Retrieved March 7, 2012.
^ Smith 2005, p. 60.
^ Whirlwind: Bombing Empire YouTube
^ Swopes, Bryan R. (February 20, 2014). "20 February 1966 | This Day in Aviation". Photo credits: Bettmann/CORBIS, U.S. Air Force, Los Angeles Times, AP, RAF Old Buckenham. thisdayinaviation.com. Archived from the original on 5 April 2014. Retrieved April 4, 2014. 
^ "Stewart profile". U.S. Air Force. Retrieved March 7, 2012.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 196.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 199.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 197.
^ a b Cox 2005, p. 6.
^ Bates, Dan. "Jimmy Stewart used his PTSD from WWII in It’s a Wonderful Life". Mail Online. Retrieved 26 December 2016. 
^ Eliot 2006, p. 203.
^ Cox 2005, p. 70.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 209.
^ a b c d e "Obituary: James Stewart, the hesitant hero, dies at 89". The New York Times, July 3, 1997.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 211.
^ Eliot 2006, pp. 208, 211.
^ a b Eliot 2006, p. 214.
^ Eliot 2006, pp. 208, 213.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 237.
^ "James Stewart's Horse". Wild West net. Retrieved March 13, 2010.
^ "James Stewart profile". Film Reference.com. Retrieved March 13, 2010.
^ "Jimmy Stewart: The Biggest Little Man". Orlando Sentinel. 
^ a b Eliot 2006, p. 248.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 251.
^ a b Eliot 2006, p. 245.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 254.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 220.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 278.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 310.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 321.
^ "Vertigo is named 'greatest film of all time'". BBC News, August 2, 2012. Retrieved September 22, 2013.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 332.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 337.
^ "Paul Tibbets: A Rendezvous With History, Part 3". Airport Journals, June 2003.
^ Krier, Beth Ann. "The muse within Jimmy Stewart". Los Angeles Times, September 10, 1989.
^ Stewart, Jimmy (August 19, 1989). Jimmy Stewart and His Poems. Crown. ISBN 978-0517573822. 
^ Tollestrup, Jon. "Collections: Thousands of Artifacts, Centuries of History" The Daily Universe, February 13, 2006.
^ Bauman, Joe (January 26, 2009). "Utah-Hollywood connection runs deep". Deseret News. p. B2. 
^ Eliot 2006, p. 405.
^ Eliot 2006, pp. 164–68.
^ Fonda and Teichmann 1981, p. 106.
^ Fonda and Teichmann 1981, pp. 107–08.
^ Fonda and Teichmann 1981, p. 97.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 239.
^ "Gloria Stewart obituary". The New York Times, February 18, 1994.
^ "1LT Ronald Walsh McLean". VirtualWall.org. Retrieved June 27, 2013.
^ "Kelly Stewart". anthro.ucdavis.edu. Retrieved March 7, 2012. Archived May 17, 2011, at the Wayback Machine.
^ Lawson, Terry C. Erroneous Eagle Scouts Letter. Eagle Scout Service, National Eagle Scout Association, Boy Scouts of America (2005). Retrieved June 9, 2005.
^ "James M. Stewart Good Citizenship Award", jimmy.org. Retrieved March 7, 2012.
^ "It's a Wonderful Life for a fellow member!!" srcalifornia.com, Fall 1995. Retrieved August 2, 2012.
^ McMahon, Ed. "Ed McMahon says farewell to Johnny Carson". MSNBC, September 12, 2006, p. 3.
^ Nichols, Mary E. "James Stewart: The Star of It’s a Wonderful Life and The Philadelphia Story in Beverly Hills". Architectural Digest. Retrieved September 22, 2013.
^ a b "Political Donations". newsmeat.com. Retrieved March 7, 2012.
^ Robbins 1985, p. 99.
^ "James Stewart Hospitalized After Falling at His Home". LA Times. 22 December 1995. 
^ "James Stewart – Classic Cinema Gold". 
^ "James Stewart Biography". The Biography Channel. Retrieved September 22, 2013.
^ Ellenberger, Allan R. (2001). Celebrities in Los Angeles Cemeteries: A Directory. Jefferson, NC: McFarland & Company. p. 72. ISBN 978-0-7864-0983-9. 
^ a b c "Those Were The Days". Nostalgia Digest. 41 (3): 32–39. Summer 2015. 
^ http://www.escape-suspense.com/2008/06/suspense---cons.html 
^ Kirby, Walter (March 1, 1953). "Better Radio Programs for the Week". The Decatur Daily Review. p. 46. Retrieved June 23, 2015 – via Newspapers.com.  
^ "Jimmy Stewart". Deseret News. July 4, 1997. 
^ Carter, Edward L. (July 4, 1997). "BYU ready to expand its Stewart collection". Deseret News. 
^ "Tom Abraham to be honored by Freedoms Foundation Feb. 22", Canadian Record, Canadian, Texas, February 14, 1980, p. 19.


Bibliography[edit]


Beaver, Jim. "James Stewart". Films in Review, October 1980.
Bowman, Martin. B-24 Liberator 1939–1945, London: Patrick Stephens Ltd., 1979 ISBN 978-0-52881-538-6.
Coe, Jonathan. James Stewart: Leading Man. London: Bloomsbury, 1994. ISBN 978-0-14029-467-5.
Collins, Thomas W. Jr."Stewart, James". American National Biography Online. Retrieved February 18, 2007.
Cox, Stephen. It's a Wonderful Life: A Memory Book. Nashville, Tennessee: Cumberland House, 2003. ISBN 978-1-58182-337-0.
Eliot, Mark. Jimmy Stewart: A Biography. New York: Random House, 2006. ISBN 978-1-40005-222-6.
Fonda, Henry as told to Howard Teichmann. Fonda: My Life. New York: A Signet Book, New American Library, 1981. ISBN 0-451-11858-8.
Houghton, Norris. But Not Forgotten: The Adventure of the University Players. New York: William Sloane Associates, 1951.
Jackson, Kenneth T., Karen Markoe and Arnie Markoe. The Scribner Encyclopedia of American Lives (5). New York: Simon and Schuster, 1998. ISBN 0-684-80663-0.
Jones, Ken D., Arthur F. McClure and Alfred E. Twomey. The Films of James Stewart. New York: Castle Books, 1970.
Maurer, Maurer (1983). Air Force Combat Units of World War II. Washington, D.C.: Office of Air Force History. ISBN 0-912799-02-1
McGowan, Helene. James Stewart. London: Bison Group, 1992, ISBN 0-86124-925-9.
McGowan, Sam. "From Private to Colonel". WWII History, Volume 11, July 2012, pp. 40–47.
Pickard, Roy. Jimmy Stewart: A Life in Film. New York: St. Martin's Press, 1992. ISBN 0-312-08828-0.
Prendergast, Tom and Sara, eds. "Stewart, James". International Dictionary of Films and Filmmakers, 4th edition. London: St. James Press, 2000. ISBN 1-55862-450-3.
Prendergast, Tom and Sara, eds. "Stewart, James". St. James Encyclopedia of Popular Culture, 5th edition. London: St. James Press, 2000. ISBN 1-55862-529-1.
Robbins, Jhan. Everybody's Man: A Biography of Jimmy Stewart. New York: G.P. Putnam's Sons, 1985. ISBN 0-399-12973-1.
Smith, Starr. Jimmy Stewart: Bomber Pilot. St. Paul, Minnesota: Zenith Press, 2005. ISBN 0-7603-2199-X.
Thomas, Tony. A Wonderful Life: The Films and Career of James Stewart. Secaucus, New Jersey: Citadel Press, 1988. ISBN 0-8065-1081-1.
Wayne, Jane Ellen.The Leading Men of MGM. New York: Carroll & Graf Publishers, 2004. ISBN 0-7867-1475-1.
Wright, Stuart J. An Emotional Gauntlet: From Life in Peacetime America to the War in European Skies—A History of 453rd Bomb Group Crews. Milwaukee, Wisconsin: University of Wisconsin Press, 2004. ISBN 0-299-20520-7.


External links[edit]





This section's use of external links may not follow Wikipedia's policies or guidelines. Please improve this article by removing excessive or inappropriate external links, and converting useful links where appropriate into footnote references. (May 2012) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)





Wikimedia Commons has media related to James Stewart.





Wikiquote has quotations related to: Jimmy Stewart



Finding aid author: Mary-Celeste Ricks (2015). "His Wonderful Life: A Tribute to James Stewart". Prepared for the L. Tom Perry Special Collections, Provo, UT. Retrieved May 16, 2016.
Finding aid authors: James V. D'Arc and John N. Gillespie (2014). "John Strauss files on publicity for James Stewart". Prepared for the L. Tom Perry Special Collections, Provo, UT. Retrieved May 16, 2016.
Finding aid authors: Karen Glenn and John Murphy (2013). "WNET transcripts for James Stewart : A Wonderful Life". Prepared for the L. Tom Perry Special Collections, Provo, UT. Retrieved May 16, 2016.
James Stewart at the Internet Broadway Database 
James Stewart on IMDb
Jimmy Stewart at the TCM Movie Database 
Jimmy Stewart Museum
The American Spirit Foundation
Feaster, Felicia. James Stewart Profile at Turner Classic Movies
"Princeton to Honor Famed Alumnus Jimmy Stewart '32 With Tribute and Theater Dedication", Princeton University (1997)
Centennial Tribute to James Stewart
"Entertainment Weekly's 100 Greatest Movies of All Time"
"Mr. Stewart Goes to Vietnam", article from Vietnam magazine about Stewart's B-52 mission in 1966
Images: Stewart Pictures. Telecommunication & Film Department, University of Alabama
Images: "Col. James M. Stewart stands with his father outside of the family's hardware store", Life Magazine (1945)
A Wonderful Life: Jimmy Stewart, Actor and B-24 Bomber Pilot
James Stewart in the 1910 US Census, 1920 US Census, 1930 US Census, and the Social Security Death Index.
Photos of Jimmy Stewart in 'Pot O Gold' by Ned Scott
James Stewart(Aveleyman)
James Stewart interview on BBC Radio 4 Desert Island Discs, December 23, 1983







v
t
e


Hosts of the Academy Awards ceremonies



1929–50



Douglas Fairbanks / William C. deMille (1929)
William C. deMille (1930)
Conrad Nagel (1930)
Lawrence Grant (1931)
Lionel Barrymore / Conrad Nagel (1932)
Will Rogers (1934)
Irvin S. Cobb (1935)
Frank Capra (1936)
George Jessel (1937)
Bob Burns (1938)
None (1939)
Bob Hope (1940)
Bob Hope (1941)
None (1942)
Bob Hope (1943)
Jack Benny (1944)
Bob Hope / John Cromwell (1945)
Bob Hope / James Stewart (1946)
Jack Benny (1947)
Dick Powell / Agnes Moorehead (1948)
Robert Montgomery (1949)
Paul Douglas (1950)





1951–75



Fred Astaire (1951)
Danny Kaye (1952)
Bob Hope / Conrad Nagel (1953)
Donald O'Connor / Fredric March (1954)
Bob Hope / Thelma Ritter (1955)
Jerry Lewis / Claudette Colbert / Joseph L. Mankiewicz (1956)
Jerry Lewis / Celeste Holm (1957)
Bob Hope / David Niven / Donald Duck / James Stewart / Jack Lemmon / Rosalind Russell (1958)
Bob Hope / David Niven / Tony Randall / Mort Sahl / Laurence Olivier / Jerry Lewis (1959)
Bob Hope (1960)
Bob Hope (1961)
Bob Hope (1962)
Frank Sinatra (1963)
Jack Lemmon (1964)
Bob Hope (1965)
Bob Hope (1966)
Bob Hope (1967)
Bob Hope (1968)
None (1969)
None (1970)
None (1971)
Helen Hayes / Alan King / Sammy Davis Jr. / Jack Lemmon (1972)
Carol Burnett / Michael Caine / Charlton Heston / Rock Hudson (1973)
John Huston / Burt Reynolds / David Niven / Diana Ross (1974)
Sammy Davis Jr. / Bob Hope / Shirley MacLaine / Frank Sinatra (1975)





1976–2000



Goldie Hawn / Gene Kelly / Walter Matthau / George Segal / Robert Shaw (1976)
Warren Beatty / Ellen Burstyn / Jane Fonda / Richard Pryor (1977)
Bob Hope (1978)
Johnny Carson (1979)
Johnny Carson (1980)
Johnny Carson (1981)
Johnny Carson (1982)
Liza Minnelli / Dudley Moore / Richard Pryor / Walter Matthau (1983)
Johnny Carson (1984)
Jack Lemmon (1985)
Alan Alda / Jane Fonda / Robin Williams (1986)
Chevy Chase / Goldie Hawn / Paul Hogan (1987)
Chevy Chase (1988)
None (1989)
Billy Crystal (1990)
Billy Crystal (1991)
Billy Crystal (1992)
Billy Crystal (1993)
Whoopi Goldberg (1994)
David Letterman (1995)
Whoopi Goldberg (1996)
Billy Crystal (1997)
Billy Crystal (1998)
Whoopi Goldberg (1999)
Billy Crystal (2000)





2001–present



Steve Martin (2001)
Whoopi Goldberg (2002)
Steve Martin (2003)
Billy Crystal (2004)
Chris Rock (2005)
Jon Stewart (2006)
Ellen DeGeneres (2007)
Jon Stewart (2008)
Hugh Jackman (2009)
Alec Baldwin / Steve Martin (2010)
James Franco / Anne Hathaway (2011)
Billy Crystal (2012)
Seth MacFarlane (2013)
Ellen DeGeneres (2014)
Neil Patrick Harris (2015)
Chris Rock (2016)
Jimmy Kimmel (2017)
Jimmy Kimmel (2018)












v
t
e


Indiana in Indiana County, Pennsylvania



Attractions



Downtown Indiana Historic District
Breezedale
Buffalo, Rochester & Pittsburgh Railway Indiana Passenger Station
Silas M. Clark House
Graff's Market
James Mitchell House
Old Indiana County Courthouse
Indiana Borough 1912 Municipal Building
Indiana Armory
Old Indiana County Jail and Sheriff's Office
John Sutton Hall





Transportation



Indiana County Transit Authority





Notable people



Edward Abbey
James H. Bronson
Renée Fleming
Jim Nance
Michael Ryan
James Stewart
Steve Wheatcroft





Education



Indiana University of Pennsylvania
Indiana Area School District





Industry



First Commonwealth Financial Corporation





Newspapers



Indiana Gazette





Radio stations




By AM frequency



1160
1450





By FM frequency



90.1
92.5
95.5
100.3
103.7
105.1
106.3





By callsign



W262CU
WCCS
WDAD
WFGI
WFSJ-LP
WIUP
WLCY
WMUG-LP
WQMU













Awards for James Stewart











v
t
e


Academy Award for Best Actor



1928–1950



Emil Jannings (1928)
Warner Baxter (1929)
George Arliss (1930)
Lionel Barrymore (1931)
Fredric March / Wallace Beery (1932)
Charles Laughton (1933)
Clark Gable (1934)
Victor McLaglen (1935)
Paul Muni (1936)
Spencer Tracy (1937)
Spencer Tracy (1938)
Robert Donat (1939)
James Stewart (1940)
Gary Cooper (1941)
James Cagney (1942)
Paul Lukas (1943)
Bing Crosby (1944)
Ray Milland (1945)
Fredric March (1946)
Ronald Colman (1947)
Laurence Olivier (1948)
Broderick Crawford (1949)
José Ferrer (1950)





1951–1975



Humphrey Bogart (1951)
Gary Cooper (1952)
William Holden (1953)
Marlon Brando (1954)
Ernest Borgnine (1955)
Yul Brynner (1956)
Alec Guinness (1957)
David Niven (1958)
Charlton Heston (1959)
Burt Lancaster (1960)
Maximilian Schell (1961)
Gregory Peck (1962)
Sidney Poitier (1963)
Rex Harrison (1964)
Lee Marvin (1965)
Paul Scofield (1966)
Rod Steiger (1967)
Cliff Robertson (1968)
John Wayne (1969)
George C. Scott1 (1970)
Gene Hackman (1971)
Marlon Brando1 (1972)
Jack Lemmon (1973)
Art Carney (1974)
Jack Nicholson (1975)





1976–2000



Peter Finch (1976)
Richard Dreyfuss (1977)
Jon Voight (1978)
Dustin Hoffman (1979)
Robert De Niro (1980)
Henry Fonda (1981)
Ben Kingsley (1982)
Robert Duvall (1983)
F. Murray Abraham (1984)
William Hurt (1985)
Paul Newman (1986)
Michael Douglas (1987)
Dustin Hoffman (1988)
Daniel Day-Lewis (1989)
Jeremy Irons (1990)
Anthony Hopkins (1991)
Al Pacino (1992)
Tom Hanks (1993)
Tom Hanks (1994)
Nicolas Cage (1995)
Geoffrey Rush (1996)
Jack Nicholson (1997)
Roberto Benigni (1998)
Kevin Spacey (1999)
Russell Crowe (2000)





2001–present



Denzel Washington (2001)
Adrien Brody (2002)
Sean Penn (2003)
Jamie Foxx (2004)
Philip Seymour Hoffman (2005)
Forest Whitaker (2006)
Daniel Day-Lewis (2007)
Sean Penn (2008)
Jeff Bridges (2009)
Colin Firth (2010)
Jean Dujardin (2011)
Daniel Day-Lewis (2012)
Matthew McConaughey (2013)
Eddie Redmayne (2014)
Leonardo DiCaprio (2015)
Casey Affleck (2016)






1 refused award that year










v
t
e


Academy Honorary Award



1928–1950



Warner Bros. / Charlie Chaplin (1928)
Walt Disney (1932)
Shirley Temple (1934)
D. W. Griffith (1935)
The March of Time / W. Howard Greene and Harold Rosson (1936)
Edgar Bergen / W. Howard Greene / Museum of Modern Art Film Library / Mack Sennett (1937)
J. Arthur Ball / Walt Disney / Deanna Durbin and Mickey Rooney / Gordon Jennings, Jan Domela, Devereaux Jennings, Irmin Roberts, Art Smith, Farciot Edouart, Loyal Griggs, Loren L. Ryder, Harry D. Mills, Louis Mesenkop, Walter Oberst / Oliver T. Marsh and Allen Davey / Harry Warner (1938)
Douglas Fairbanks / Judy Garland / William Cameron Menzies / Motion Picture Relief Fund (Jean Hersholt, Ralph Morgan, Ralph Block, Conrad Nagel)/ Technicolor Company (1939)
Bob Hope / Nathan Levinson (1940)
Walt Disney, William Garity, John N. A. Hawkins, and the RCA Manufacturing Company / Leopold Stokowski and his associates / Rey Scott / British Ministry of Information (1941)
Charles Boyer / Noël Coward / Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer (1942)
George Pal (1943)
Bob Hope / Margaret O'Brien (1944)
Republic Studio, Daniel J. Bloomberg, and the Republic Studio Sound Department / Walter Wanger / The House I Live In / Peggy Ann Garner (1945)
Harold Russell / Laurence Olivier / Ernst Lubitsch / Claude Jarman Jr. (1946)
James Baskett / Thomas Armat, William Nicholas Selig, Albert E. Smith, and George Kirke Spoor / Bill and Coo / Shoeshine (1947)
Walter Wanger / Monsieur Vincent / Sid Grauman / Adolph Zukor (1948)
Jean Hersholt / Fred Astaire / Cecil B. DeMille / The Bicycle Thief (1949)
Louis B. Mayer / George Murphy / The Walls of Malapaga (1950)





1951–1975



Gene Kelly / Rashomon (1951)
Merian C. Cooper / Bob Hope / Harold Lloyd / George Mitchell / Joseph M. Schenck / Forbidden Games (1952)
20th Century-Fox Film Corporation / Bell & Howell Company / Joseph Breen / Pete Smith (1953)
Bausch & Lomb Optical Company / Danny Kaye / Kemp Niver / Greta Garbo / Jon Whiteley / Vincent Winter / Gate of Hell (1954)
Samurai I: Musashi Miyamoto (1955)
Eddie Cantor (1956)
Society of Motion Picture and Television Engineers / Gilbert M. "Broncho Billy" Anderson / Charles Brackett / B. B. Kahane (1957)
Maurice Chevalier (1958)
Buster Keaton / Lee de Forest (1959)
Gary Cooper / Stan Laurel / Hayley Mills (1960)
William L. Hendricks / Fred L. Metzler / Jerome Robbins (1961)
William J. Tuttle (1964)
Bob Hope (1965)
Yakima Canutt / Y. Frank Freeman (1966)
Arthur Freed (1967)
John Chambers / Onna White (1968)
Cary Grant (1969)
Lillian Gish / Orson Welles (1970)
Charlie Chaplin (1971)
Charles S. Boren / Edward G. Robinson (1972)
Henri Langlois / Groucho Marx (1973)
Howard Hawks / Jean Renoir (1974)
Mary Pickford (1975)





1976–2000



Margaret Booth (1977)
Walter Lantz / Laurence Olivier / King Vidor / Museum of Modern Art Department of Film (1978)
Hal Elias / Alec Guinness (1979)
Henry Fonda (1980)
Barbara Stanwyck (1981)
Mickey Rooney (1982)
Hal Roach (1983)
James Stewart / National Endowment for the Arts (1984)
Paul Newman / Alex North (1985)
Ralph Bellamy (1986)
Eastman Kodak Company / National Film Board of Canada (1988)
Akira Kurosawa (1989)
Sophia Loren / Myrna Loy (1990)
Satyajit Ray (1991)
Federico Fellini (1992)
Deborah Kerr (1993)
Michelangelo Antonioni (1994)
Kirk Douglas / Chuck Jones (1995)
Michael Kidd (1996)
Stanley Donen (1997)
Elia Kazan (1998)
Andrzej Wajda (1999)
Jack Cardiff / Ernest Lehman (2000)





2001–present



Sidney Poitier / Robert Redford (2001)
Peter O'Toole (2002)
Blake Edwards (2003)
Sidney Lumet (2004)
Robert Altman (2005)
Ennio Morricone (2006)
Robert F. Boyle (2007)
Lauren Bacall / Roger Corman / Gordon Willis (2009)
Kevin Brownlow / Jean-Luc Godard / Eli Wallach (2010)
James Earl Jones / Dick Smith (2011)
D. A. Pennebaker / Hal Needham / George Stevens Jr. (2012)
Angela Lansbury / Steve Martin / Piero Tosi (2013)
Jean-Claude Carrière / Hayao Miyazaki / Maureen O'Hara (2014)
Spike Lee / Gena Rowlands (2015)
Jackie Chan / Lynn Stalmaster / Anne V. Coates / Frederick Wiseman (2016)












v
t
e


AFI Life Achievement Award






John Ford (1973)
James Cagney (1974)
Orson Welles (1975)
William Wyler (1976)
Bette Davis (1977)
Henry Fonda (1978)
Alfred Hitchcock (1979)
James Stewart (1980)
Fred Astaire (1981)
Frank Capra (1982)
John Huston (1983)
Lillian Gish (1984)
Gene Kelly (1985)
Billy Wilder (1986)
Barbara Stanwyck (1987)
Jack Lemmon (1988)
Gregory Peck (1989)
David Lean (1990)
Kirk Douglas (1991)
Sidney Poitier (1992)
Elizabeth Taylor (1993)
Jack Nicholson (1994)
Steven Spielberg (1995)
Clint Eastwood (1996)
Martin Scorsese (1997)
Robert Wise (1998)
Dustin Hoffman (1999)
Harrison Ford (2000)
Barbra Streisand (2001)
Tom Hanks (2002)
Robert De Niro (2003)
Meryl Streep (2004)
George Lucas (2005)
Sean Connery (2006)
Al Pacino (2007)
Warren Beatty (2008)
Michael Douglas (2009)
Mike Nichols (2010)
Morgan Freeman (2011)
Shirley MacLaine (2012)
Mel Brooks (2013)
Jane Fonda (2014)
Steve Martin (2015)
John Williams (2016)
Diane Keaton (2017)












v
t
e


Silver Bear for Best Actor






Burt Lancaster (1956)
Pedro Infante (1957)
Sidney Poitier (1958)
Jean Gabin (1959)
Fredric March (1960)
Peter Finch (1961)
James Stewart (1962)
Sidney Poitier (1963)
Rod Steiger (1964)
Lee Marvin (1965)
Jean-Pierre Léaud (1966)
Michel Simon (1967)
Jean-Louis Trintignant (1968)
Jean Gabin (1971)
Alberto Sordi (1972)
Vlastimil Brodský (1975)
Gerhard Olschewski (1976)
Fernando Fernán Gómez (1977)
Craig Russell (1978)
Michele Placido (1979)
Andrzej Seweryn (1980)
Anatoly Solonitsyn / Jack Lemmon (1981)
Stellan Skarsgård / Michel Piccoli (1982)
Bruce Dern (1983)
Albert Finney (1984)
Fernando Fernán Gómez (1985)
Tuncel Kurtiz (1986)
Gian Maria Volontè (1987)
Jörg Pose / Manfred Möck (1988)
Gene Hackman (1989)
Iain Glen (1990)
Maynard Eziashi (1991)
Armin Mueller-Stahl (1992)
Denzel Washington (1993)
Tom Hanks (1994)
Paul Newman (1995)
Sean Penn (1996)
Leonardo DiCaprio (1997)
Samuel L. Jackson (1998)
Michael Gwisdek (1999)
Denzel Washington (2000)
Benicio del Toro (2001)
Jacques Gamblin (2002)
Sam Rockwell (2003)
Daniel Hendler (2004)
Lou Taylor Pucci (2005)
Moritz Bleibtreu (2006)
Julio Chávez (2007)
Reza Naji (2008)
Sotigui Kouyaté (2009)
Grigoriy Dobrygin / Sergei Puskepalis (2010)
Peyman Moaadi / Shahab Hosseini / Ali-Asghar Shahbazi / Babak Karimi (2011)
Mikkel Følsgaard (2012)
Nazif Mujić (2013)
Liao Fan (2014)
Tom Courtenay (2015)
Majd Mastoura (2016)
Georg Friedrich (2017)












v
t
e


Cecil B. DeMille Award






Cecil B. DeMille (1952)
Walt Disney (1953)
Darryl F. Zanuck (1954)
Jean Hersholt (1955)
Jack L. Warner (1956)
Mervyn LeRoy (1957)
Buddy Adler (1958)
Maurice Chevalier (1959)
Bing Crosby (1960)
Fred Astaire (1961)
Judy Garland (1962)
Bob Hope (1963)
Joseph E. Levine (1964)
James Stewart (1965)
John Wayne (1966)
Charlton Heston (1967)
Kirk Douglas (1968)
Gregory Peck (1969)
Joan Crawford (1970)
Frank Sinatra (1971)
Alfred Hitchcock (1972)
Samuel Goldwyn (1973)
Bette Davis (1974)
Hal B. Wallis (1975)
Walter Mirisch (1977)
Red Skelton (1978)
Lucille Ball (1979)
Henry Fonda (1980)
Gene Kelly (1981)
Sidney Poitier (1982)
Laurence Olivier (1983)
Paul Newman (1984)
Elizabeth Taylor (1985)
Barbara Stanwyck (1986)
Anthony Quinn (1987)
Clint Eastwood (1988)
Doris Day (1989)
Audrey Hepburn (1990)
Jack Lemmon (1991)
Robert Mitchum (1992)
Lauren Bacall (1993)
Robert Redford (1994)
Sophia Loren (1995)
Sean Connery (1996)
Dustin Hoffman (1997)
Shirley MacLaine (1998)
Jack Nicholson (1999)
Barbra Streisand (2000)
Al Pacino (2001)
Harrison Ford (2002)
Gene Hackman (2003)
Michael Douglas (2004)
Robin Williams (2005)
Anthony Hopkins (2006)
Warren Beatty (2007)
Steven Spielberg (2009)
Martin Scorsese (2010)
Robert De Niro (2011)
Morgan Freeman (2012)
Jodie Foster (2013)
Woody Allen (2014)
George Clooney (2015)
Denzel Washington (2016)
Meryl Streep (2017)












v
t
e


Drama League's Distinguished Performance Award






Katharine Cornell (1935)
Helen Hayes (1936)
Maurice Evans (1937)
Cedric Hardwicke (1938)
Raymond Massey (1939)
Paul Muni (1940)
Paul Lukas (1941)
Judith Evelyn (1942)
Alfred Lunt (1943)
Lynn Fontanne (1944)
Mady Christians (1945)
Louis Calhern (1946)
Ingrid Bergman (1947)
Judith Anderson (1948)
Robert Morley (1949)
Grace George (1950)
Claude Rains (1951)
Julie Harris (1952)
Shirley Booth (1953)
Josephine Hull (1954)
Viveca Lindfors (1955)
David Wayne (1956)
Eli Wallach (1957)
Ralph Bellamy (1958)
Cyril Ritchard (1959)
Jessica Tandy (1960)
Hume Cronyn (1961)
Paul Scofield (1962)
Charles Boyer (1963)
Alec Guinness (1964)
John Gielgud (1965)
Richard Kiley (1966)
Rosemary Harris (1967)
Zoe Caldwell (1968)
Alec McCowen (1969)
James Stewart (1970)
Anthony Quayle (1971)
Eileen Atkins / Claire Bloom (1972)
Alan Bates (1973)
Christopher Plummer (1974)
John Wood (1975)
Eva Le Gallienne (1976)
Tom Courtenay (1977)
Frank Langella (1978)
Frances Sternhagen (1979)
Roy Scheider (1980)
Ian McKellen (1981)
Milo O'Shea (1982)
Edward Herrmann / Kate Nelligan (1983)
Jeremy Irons (1984)
Derek Jacobi (1985)
Bernadette Peters (1986)
James Earl Jones (1987)
John Lithgow (1988)
Pauline Collins (1989)
Robert Morse (1990)
Stockard Channing (1991)
Glenn Close (1992)
Stephen Rea (1993)
Sam Waterston (1994)
Cherry Jones (1995)
Uta Hagen (1996)
Charles Durning / Bebe Neuwirth (1997)
Brian Stokes Mitchell (1998)
Kathleen Chalfant (1999)
Eileen Heckart (2000)
Mary-Louise Parker / Gary Sinise (2001)
Liam Neeson (2002)
Harvey Fierstein (2003)
Hugh Jackman (2004)
Norbert Leo Butz (2005)
Christine Ebersole (2006)
Liev Schreiber (2007)
Patti LuPone (2008)
Geoffrey Rush (2009)
Alfred Molina (2010)
Mark Rylance (2011)
Audra McDonald (2012)
Nathan Lane (2013)
Neil Patrick Harris (2014)
Chita Rivera (2015)
Lin-Manuel Miranda (2016)
Ben Platt (2017)












v
t
e


Film Society of Lincoln Center Gala Tribute Honorees






Charlie Chaplin (1972)
Fred Astaire (1973)
Alfred Hitchcock (1974)
Joanne Woodward and Paul Newman (1975)
George Cukor (1978)
Bob Hope (1979)
John Huston (1980)
Barbara Stanwyck (1981)
Billy Wilder (1982)
Laurence Olivier (1983)
Claudette Colbert (1984)
Federico Fellini (1985)
Elizabeth Taylor (1986)
Alec Guinness (1987)
Yves Montand (1988)
Bette Davis (1989)
James Stewart (1990)
Audrey Hepburn (1991)
Gregory Peck (1992)
Jack Lemmon (1993)
Robert Altman (1994)
Shirley MacLaine (1995)
Clint Eastwood (1996)
Sean Connery (1997)
Martin Scorsese (1998)
Mike Nichols (1999)
Al Pacino (2000)
Jane Fonda (2001)
Francis Ford Coppola (2002)
Susan Sarandon (2003)
Michael Caine (2004)
Dustin Hoffman (2005)
Jessica Lange (2006)
Diane Keaton (2007)
Meryl Streep (2008)
Tom Hanks (2009)
Michael Douglas (2010)
Sidney Poitier (2011)
Catherine Deneuve (2012)
Barbra Streisand (2013)
Rob Reiner (2014)
Robert Redford (2015)
Morgan Freeman (2016)
Robert De Niro (2017)












v
t
e


Golden Globe Award for Best Actor – Television Series Drama






Mike Connors (1969)
Peter Graves (1970)
Robert Young (1971)
Peter Falk (1972)
James Stewart (1973)
Telly Savalas (1974)
Robert Blake/Telly Savalas (1975)
Richard Jordan (1976)
Edward Asner (1977)
Michael Moriarty (1978)
Edward Asner (1979)
Richard Chamberlain (1980)
Daniel J. Travanti (1981)
John Forsythe (1982)
John Forsythe (1983)
Tom Selleck (1984)
Don Johnson (1985)
Edward Woodward (1986)
Richard Kiley (1987)
Ron Perlman (1988)
Ken Wahl (1989)
Kyle MacLachlan (1990)
Scott Bakula (1991)
Sam Waterston (1992)
David Caruso (1993)
Dennis Franz (1994)
Jimmy Smits (1995)
David Duchovny (1996)
Anthony Edwards (1997)
Dylan McDermott (1998)
James Gandolfini (1999)
Martin Sheen (2000)
Kiefer Sutherland (2001)
Michael Chiklis (2002)
Anthony LaPaglia (2003)
Ian McShane (2004)
Hugh Laurie (2005)
Hugh Laurie (2006)
Jon Hamm (2007)
Gabriel Byrne (2008)
Michael C. Hall (2009)
Steve Buscemi (2010)
Kelsey Grammer (2011)
Damian Lewis (2012)
Bryan Cranston (2013)
Kevin Spacey (2014)
Jon Hamm (2015)
Billy Bob Thornton (2016)












v
t
e


Hasty Pudding Men of the Year



1967–2000



Bob Hope (1967)
Paul Newman (1968)
Bill Cosby (1969)
Robert Redford (1970)
James Stewart (1971)
Dustin Hoffman (1972)
Jack Lemmon (1973)
Peter Falk (1974)
Warren Beatty (1975)
Robert Blake (1976)
Johnny Carson (1977)
Richard Dreyfuss (1978)
Robert De Niro (1979)
Alan Alda (1980)
John Travolta (1981)
James Cagney (1982)
Steven Spielberg (1983)
Sean Connery (1984)
Bill Murray (1985)
Sylvester Stallone (1986)
Mikhail Baryshnikov (1987)
Steve Martin (1988)
Robin Williams (1989)
Kevin Costner (1990)
Clint Eastwood (1991)
Michael Douglas (1992)
Chevy Chase (1993)
Tom Cruise (1994)
Tom Hanks (1995)
Harrison Ford (1996)
Mel Gibson (1997)
Kevin Kline (1998)
Samuel L. Jackson (1999)
Billy Crystal (2000)





2001–present



Anthony Hopkins (2001)
Bruce Willis (2002)
Martin Scorsese (2003)
Robert Downey Jr. (2004)
Tim Robbins (2005)
Richard Gere (2006)
Ben Stiller (2007)
Christopher Walken (2008)
James Franco (2009)
Justin Timberlake (2010)
Jay Leno (2011)
Jason Segel (2012)
Kiefer Sutherland (2013)
Neil Patrick Harris (2014)
Chris Pratt (2015)
Joseph Gordon-Levitt (2016)
Ryan Reynolds (2017)












v
t
e


Kennedy Center Honorees (1980s)



1980



Leonard Bernstein
James Cagney
Agnes de Mille
Lynn Fontanne
Leontyne Price





1981



Count Basie
Cary Grant
Helen Hayes
Jerome Robbins
Rudolf Serkin





1982



George Abbott
Lillian Gish
Benny Goodman
Gene Kelly
Eugene Ormandy





1983



Katherine Dunham
Elia Kazan
Frank Sinatra
James Stewart
Virgil Thomson





1984



Lena Horne
Danny Kaye
Gian Carlo Menotti
Arthur Miller
Isaac Stern





1985



Merce Cunningham
Irene Dunne
Bob Hope
Alan Jay Lerner & Frederick Loewe
Beverly Sills





1986



Lucille Ball
Hume Cronyn & Jessica Tandy
Yehudi Menuhin
Antony Tudor
Ray Charles





1987



Perry Como
Bette Davis
Sammy Davis Jr.
Nathan Milstein
Alwin Nikolais





1988



Alvin Ailey
George Burns
Myrna Loy
Alexander Schneider
Roger L. Stevens





1989



Harry Belafonte
Claudette Colbert
Alexandra Danilova
Mary Martin
William Schuman








Complete list
1970s
1980s
1990s
2000s
2010s












v
t
e


National Football Foundation Distinguished American Award recipients






1966: Carpenter
1969: MacLeish
1970: Lombardi
1971: Boyden
1972: Holland
1973: No award
1974: Hope
1975: Hesburgh
1976: Van Fleet
1977: Joyce
1978: No award
1979: Galbreath
1980: Russell
1981: Werblin
1982: Silver Anniversary (all honored) – Brown, Davis, Kemp, Ron Kramer, Swink
1983: Hess & Stewart
1984: Nelson
1985: Flynn
1986: Toner
1987: Sewell
1988: Rodgers
1989: Krause
1990: Rozelle
1991: Paterno
1992: Mara
1993: Kazmaier
1994: Bolden
1995: Osborne
1996: Monan, S.J
1997: No award
1998: Roy Kramer
1999: No award
2000: Decio
2001: Frank
2002: Young
2003: Khayat
2004: Casciola
2005: Page
2006: Tillman
2007: Bleier
2008: Pickens
2009: Payne
2010: Brokaw
2011: Roberts
2012: Bodenheimer
2013: Odierno
2014: No award
2015: Byrne, Tew & White
2016: McRaven












v
t
e


Screen Actors Guild Life Achievement Award






1962: Eddie Cantor
1963: Stan Laurel
1965: Bob Hope
1966: Barbara Stanwyck
1967: William Gargan
1968: James Stewart
1969: Edward G. Robinson
1970: Gregory Peck
1971: Charlton Heston
1972: Frank Sinatra
1973: Martha Raye
1974: Walter Pidgeon
1975: Rosalind Russell
1976: Pearl Bailey
1977: James Cagney
1978: Edgar Bergen
1979: Katharine Hepburn
1980: Leon Ames
1982: Danny Kaye
1983: Ralph Bellamy
1984: Iggie Wolfington
1985: Paul Newman and Joanne Woodward
1986: Nanette Fabray
1987: Red Skelton
1988: Gene Kelly
1989: Jack Lemmon
1990: Brock Peters
1991: Burt Lancaster
1992: Audrey Hepburn
1993: Ricardo Montalbán
1994: George Burns
1995: Robert Redford
1996: Angela Lansbury
1997: Elizabeth Taylor
1998: Kirk Douglas
1999: Sidney Poitier
2000: Ossie Davis and Ruby Dee
2001: Ed Asner
2002: Clint Eastwood
2003: Karl Malden
2004: James Garner
2005: Shirley Temple
2006: Julie Andrews
2007: Charles Durning
2008: James Earl Jones
2009: Betty White
2010: Ernest Borgnine
2011: Mary Tyler Moore
2012: Dick Van Dyke
2013: Rita Moreno
2014: Debbie Reynolds
2015: Carol Burnett
2016: Lily Tomlin












v
t
e


Volpi Cup for Best Actor



1934–1968



Wallace Beery (1934)
Pierre Blanchar (1935)
Paul Muni (1936)
Emil Jannings (1937)
Leslie Howard (1938)
Ermete Zacconi (1941)
Fosco Giachetti (1942)
Pierre Fresnay (1947)
Ernst Deutsch (1948)
Joseph Cotten (1949)
Sam Jaffe (1950)
Jean Gabin (1951)
Fredric March (1952)
Henri Vilbert (1953)
Jean Gabin (1954)
Curd Jürgens/Kenneth More (1955)
Bourvil (1956)
Anthony Franciosa (1957)
Alec Guinness (1958)
James Stewart (1959)
John Mills (1960)
Toshiro Mifune (1961)
Burt Lancaster (1962)
Albert Finney (1963)
Tom Courtenay (1964)
Toshiro Mifune (1965)
Jacques Perrin (1966)
Ljubiša Samardžić (1967)
John Marley (1968)





1983–2000



Guy Boyd/George Dzundza/David Alan Grier/Mitchell Lichtenstein/Matthew Modine/Michael Wright (1983)
Naseeruddin Shah (1984)
Gérard Depardieu (1985)
Carlo Delle Piane (1986)
Hugh Grant/James Wilby (1987)
Don Ameche/Joe Mantegna (1988)
Marcello Mastroianni/Massimo Troisi (1989)
Oleg Borisov (1990)
River Phoenix (1991)
Jack Lemmon (1992)
Fabrizio Bentivoglio/Marcello Mastroianni (1993)
Xia Yu/Roberto Citran (1994)
Götz George/Ian Hart (1995)
Liam Neeson/Chris Penn (1996)
Wesley Snipes (1997)
Sean Penn (1998)
Jim Broadbent (1999)
Javier Bardem (2000)





2001–present



Luigi Lo Cascio (2001)
Stefano Accorsi (2002)
Sean Penn (2003)
Javier Bardem (2004)
David Strathairn (2005)
Ben Affleck (2006)
Brad Pitt (2007)
Silvio Orlando (2008)
Colin Firth (2009)
Vincent Gallo (2010)
Michael Fassbender (2011)
Philip Seymour Hoffman/Joaquin Phoenix (2012)
Themis Panou (2013)
Adam Driver (2014)
Fabrice Luchini (2015)
Oscar Martínez (2016)














Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 116340765
LCCN: n84018652
ISNI: 0000 0001 2103 9797
GND: 118618059
SUDOC: 030959527
BNF: cb12227146g (data)
MusicBrainz: 50337821-531b-4604-8c9e-f4da2e9ab892
BNE: XX1060008
IATH: w6vq36h5










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=James_Stewart&oldid=792183715"					
Categories: Indiana County, Pennsylvania1908 births1997 deaths20th-century American male actors20th-century American poets20th-century PresbyteriansAcademy Honorary Award recipientsAmerican male film actorsAmerican male poetsAmerican male radio actorsAmerican male stage actorsAmerican male television actorsAmerican male voice actorsAmerican male writersAmerican military personnel of the Vietnam WarAmerican military personnel of World War IIAmerican people of Scottish descentAmerican PresbyteriansBest Actor Academy Award winnersBest Drama Actor Golden Globe (television) winnersBroadway theatre peopleBurials at Forest Lawn Memorial Park (Glendale)California RepublicansCecil B. DeMille Award Golden Globe winnersDeaths from pulmonary embolismDisease-related deaths in CaliforniaKennedy Center honoreesMale actors from Beverly Hills, CaliforniaMale actors from PennsylvaniaMale Western (genre) film actorsMercersburg Academy alumniMetro-Goldwyn-Mayer contract playersPennsylvania RepublicansPeople from Indiana, PennsylvaniaPresidential Medal of Freedom recipientsPrinceton University alumniRCA Victor artistsRecipients of the Air MedalRecipients of the Croix de guerre 1939–1945 (France)Recipients of the Distinguished Flying Cross (United States)Recipients of the Distinguished Service Medal (United States)Screen Actors Guild Life Achievement AwardSilver Bear for Best Actor winnersUnited States Air Force generalsUnited States Army Air Forces officersUnited States Army Air Forces pilots of World War IIVolpi Cup winnersCommercial aviatorsHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksArticles with hCardsAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from February 2012Wikipedia external links cleanup from May 2012Wikipedia spam cleanup from May 2012Articles with IBDb linksWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiersWikipedia articles with MusicBrainz identifiersWikipedia articles with SNAC-ID identifiersArticles containing video clips 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquote 



Languages


العربيةAragonésAsturianuAzərbaycancaБашҡортсаBislamaБългарскиBosanskiCatalàČeštinaCorsuCymraegDanskDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoEuskaraفارسیFrançaisFryskGaeilgeGàidhligGalego한국어ՀայերենHrvatskiIdoIlokanoBahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתქართულიLatinaLatviešuLëtzebuergeschLietuviųMagyarМакедонскиMalagasyമലയാളംმარგალურიمصرىNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålOccitanPlattdüütschPolskiPortuguêsRomânăRuna SimiРусскийScotsShqipSimple EnglishSlovenčinaکوردیСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaTagalogதமிழ்ไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаTiếng ViệtWinarayYorùbá粵語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 25 July 2017, at 00:07.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









James Stewart - Wikipedia






















 






James Stewart

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

"Jimmy Stewart" and "Jimmy Stuart" redirect here. For other uses, see Jimmy Stewart (disambiguation), Jimmy Stuart (disambiguation), and James Stewart (disambiguation).


James Stewart



Stewart in 1948



Born
James Maitland Stewart
(1908-05-20)May 20, 1908
Indiana, Pennsylvania, U.S.


Died
July 2, 1997(1997-07-02) (aged 89)
Beverly Hills, California, U.S.


Cause of death
Pulmonary embolism[1]


Resting place
Forest Lawn, Glendale, California


Other names
Jimmy Stewart


Alma mater
Princeton University (B.A., 1932)


Occupation
Actor, Military officer


Years active
1932–1991


Known for
First American movie star to enlist in World War II[2][N 1]


Notable work
Mr. Smith Goes to Washington, The Philadelphia Story, It's a Wonderful Life, Rear Window, Vertigo, The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance


Political party
Republican


Spouse(s)
Gloria Hatrick McLean (m. 1949; d. 1994)


Children
4 (including two stepchildren)


Awards
Academy Lifetime Achievement (1985)
Academy Award for Best Actor (1941)
Golden Globe Cecil B. DeMille Award (1965)
Golden Globe Award for Best Actor – Television Series Drama (1974)


James Maitland "Jimmy" Stewart (May 20, 1908 – July 2, 1997) was an American actor and military officer who is among the most honored and popular stars in film history. A major Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer contract player, Stewart was known for his distinctive drawl and down-to-earth persona, which helped him often portray American middle-class men struggling in crisis. Many of the films he starred in have become enduring classics.
Stewart was nominated for five Academy Awards, winning one in competition for The Philadelphia Story (1940), and received an Academy Lifetime Achievement award in 1985. In 1999, Stewart was named the third greatest male screen legend of the Golden Age of Hollywood by the American Film Institute, behind Humphrey Bogart and Cary Grant.[3] The American Film Institute has also named five of Stewart's films to its list of the 100 best American films ever made.[4]
He also had a noted military career and was a World War II and Vietnam War veteran and pilot, who rose to the rank of Brigadier General in the United States Air Force Reserve, becoming the highest-ranking actor in military history.[5]



Contents


1 Early life and career
2 Pre-war success
3 Military service
4 Postwar career
5 Collaborations with Hitchcock and Mann

5.1 Career in the 1960s and 1970s


6 Last years and later career
7 Personal life

7.1 Politics


8 Death
9 Filmography
10 Broadway performances
11 Radio appearances
12 Legacy
13 Honors and tributes
14 See also
15 References

15.1 Notes
15.2 Citations
15.3 Bibliography


16 External links



Early life and career[edit]




After the Thin Man (1936)


Stewart was born on May 20, 1908, in Indiana, Pennsylvania, the son of Elizabeth Ruth (née Jackson; March 16, 1875 – August 2, 1953) and Alexander Maitland Stewart (May 19, 1871 – December 28, 1961), who owned a hardware store.[6][7] Stewart was mainly of Scottish ancestry and was raised as a Presbyterian.[8][9][10] He was descended from veterans of the American Revolution, the War of 1812, and the American Civil War.[10] The eldest of three children (he had two younger sisters, Virginia and Mary), he was expected to continue his father's business, which had been in the family for three generations. His mother was an excellent pianist but his father discouraged Stewart's request for lessons. When his father accepted a gift of an accordion from a guest, young Stewart quickly learned to play the instrument, which became a fixture offstage during his acting career. As the family grew, music continued to be an important part of family life.[11]
Stewart attended Mercersburg Academy prep school, graduating in 1928. He was active in a variety of activities. He played on the football and track teams, was art editor of the KARUX yearbook, and a member of the choir club, glee club, and John Marshall Literary Society. During his first summer break, Stewart returned to his hometown to work as a brick loader for a local construction company and on highway and road construction jobs where he painted lines on the roads. Over the following two summers, he took a job as an assistant with a professional magician.[12] He made his first appearance onstage at Mercersburg, as Buquet in the play The Wolves.[13]
A shy child, Stewart spent much of his after-school time in the basement working on model airplanes, mechanical drawing and chemistry—all with a dream of going into aviation. It was a dream greatly enhanced by the legendary 1927 flight of Charles Lindbergh, whose progress 19-year-old Stewart, then stricken with scarlet fever, was himself avidly following from home; thus foreshadowing his starring movie role as Lindbergh 30 years later.[14]
However, he abandoned visions of being a pilot when his father insisted that instead of the United States Naval Academy he attend Princeton University. Stewart enrolled at Princeton in 1928 as a member of the class of 1932. He excelled at studying architecture, so impressing his professors with his thesis on an airport design that he was awarded a scholarship for graduate studies;[12] but he gradually became attracted to the school's drama and music clubs, including the Princeton Triangle Club.[15] His acting and accordion talents at Princeton led him to be invited to the University Players, an intercollegiate summer stock company in West Falmouth, Massachusetts, on Cape Cod. The company had been organized in 1928 and would run until 1932, with Joshua Logan, Bretaigne Windust and Charles Leatherbee as directors. Stewart performed in bit parts in the Players' productions in Cape Cod during the summer of 1932, after he graduated.
The troupe had previously included Henry Fonda and Margaret Sullavan. Stewart and Fonda became close friends over the summer of 1932 when they shared an apartment with Joshua Logan and Myron McCormick.[16] When Stewart came to New York at the end of the summer stock season, which had included the Broadway tryout of Goodbye Again, he shared an apartment with Fonda, who had by then finalized his divorce from Sullavan. Along with fellow University Players Alfred Dalrymple and Myron McCormick, Stewart debuted on Broadway in the brief run of Carry Nation and a few weeks later – again with McCormick and Dalrymple – as a chauffeur in the comedy Goodbye Again, in which he had two lines. The New Yorker commented, "Mr. James Stewart's chauffeur... comes on for three minutes and walks off to a round of spontaneous applause."[17]




Al Hirschfeld drawing from Yellow Jack (Stewart, upper-left)


The play was a moderate success, but times were hard. Many Broadway theaters had been converted to movie houses and the Depression was reaching bottom. "From 1932 through 1934", Stewart later recalled, "I'd only worked three months. Every play I got into folded."[18] By 1934, he was given more substantial stage roles, including the modest hit Page Miss Glory and his first dramatic stage role in Sidney Howard's Yellow Jack, which convinced him to continue his acting career. However, Stewart and Fonda, still roommates, were both struggling. In the fall of 1934, Fonda's success in The Farmer Takes a Wife took him to Hollywood. Finally, Stewart attracted the interest of MGM scout Bill Grady who saw Stewart on the opening night of Divided by Three, a glittering première with many luminaries in attendance, including Irving Berlin, Moss Hart and Fonda, who had returned to New York for the show. With Fonda's encouragement, Stewart agreed to take a screen test, after which he signed a contract with MGM in April 1935, as a contract player for up to seven years at $350 a week.[19]




Stewart made four features with Margaret Sullavan, the second of which was The Shopworn Angel (1938)


Upon Stewart's arrival by train in Los Angeles, Fonda greeted him at the station and took him to Fonda's studio-supplied lodging, next door to Greta Garbo. Stewart's first job at the studio was as a participant in screen tests with newly arrived starlets. At first, he had trouble being cast in Hollywood films owing to his gangling looks and shy, humble screen presence. Aside from an unbilled appearance in a Shemp Howard comedy short called Art Trouble in 1934, his first film was the poorly received Spencer Tracy vehicle, The Murder Man (1935). Rose Marie (1936), an adaptation of a popular operetta, was more successful. After having mixed success in films, he received his first intensely dramatic role in 1936's After the Thin Man, and played Jean Harlow's character's frustrated boyfriend in the Clark Gable vehicle Wife vs. Secretary earlier that same year.
On the romantic front, he dated newly divorced Ginger Rogers.[20] The romance soon cooled, however, and by chance Stewart encountered Margaret Sullavan again. Stewart found his footing in Hollywood thanks largely to Sullavan, who campaigned for Stewart to be her leading man in the 1936 romantic comedy Next Time We Love. She rehearsed extensively with him, having a noticeable effect on his confidence. She encouraged Stewart to feel comfortable with his unique mannerisms and boyish charm and use them naturally as his own style. Stewart was enjoying Hollywood life and had no regrets about giving up the stage, as he worked six days a week in the MGM factory.[21] In 1936, he acquired big-time agent Leland Hayward, who would eventually marry Sullavan. Hayward started to chart Stewart's career, deciding that the best path for him was through loan-outs to other studios.
Pre-war success[edit]




Frank Capra's comedy You Can't Take It With You (1938) was one of the films that brought Stewart widespread attention


In 1938 Stewart had a brief, tumultuous romance with Hollywood queen Norma Shearer, whose husband, Irving Thalberg, head of production at MGM, had died two years earlier. Stewart began a successful partnership with director Frank Capra in 1938, when he was loaned out to Columbia Pictures to star in You Can't Take It With You. Capra had been impressed by Stewart's minor role in Navy Blue and Gold (1937). The director had recently completed several well received films, including It Happened One Night (1934), and was looking for the right actor to suit his needs—other recent actors in Capra's films such as Clark Gable, Ronald Colman, and Gary Cooper did not quite fit. Not only was Stewart just what he was looking for, but Capra also found Stewart understood that prototype intuitively and required very little directing. Later Capra commented, "I think he's probably the best actor who's ever hit the screen."[22]
You Can't Take It With You, starring Capra's "favorite actress", comedian Jean Arthur, won the 1938 Best Picture Academy Award. The following year saw Stewart work with Capra and Arthur again in the political comedy-drama Mr. Smith Goes to Washington. Stewart replaced intended star Gary Cooper in the film, playing an idealist thrown into the political arena. Upon its October 1939 release, the film garnered critical praise and became a box-office success. Stewart received the first of five Academy Award nominations for Best Actor. Stewart's father was still trying to talk him into leaving Hollywood and its sinful ways and to return to his home town to lead a decent life. Stewart took a secret trip to Europe to take a break and returned home in 1939 just as Germany invaded Poland.[22]


You hear so much about the old movie moguls and the impersonal factories where there is no freedom. MGM was a wonderful place where decisions were made on my behalf by my superiors. What's wrong with that?

James Stewart, The Leading Men of MGM[23]
Destry Rides Again, also released in 1939, became Stewart's first western film, a genre with which he would become identified later in his career. In this western parody, he is a pacifist lawman and Marlene Dietrich is the dancing saloon girl who comes to love him, but does not get him. Off-screen, Dietrich did get her man, but the romance was short-lived.[24] Made for Each Other (1939) had Stewart sharing the screen with Carole Lombard in a melodrama that garnered good reviews for both stars, but did less well with the public. Newsweek wrote that they were "perfectly cast in the leading roles".[25] Between movies, Stewart began a radio career and became a distinctive voice on the Lux Radio Theater's The Screen Guild Theater and other shows. So well-known had his slow drawl become that comedians began impersonating him.[26]
In 1940 Stewart and Sullavan reunited for two films. The first, the Ernst Lubitsch romantic comedy, The Shop Around the Corner, starred them as co-workers unknowingly involved in a pen-pal romance but who cannot stand each other in real life. It was Stewart's fifth film of the year and one of the rare ones shot in sequence; it was completed in only 27 days.[27] The Mortal Storm, directed by Frank Borzage, was one of the first blatantly anti-Nazi films to be produced in Hollywood and featured Sullavan and Stewart as friends and then lovers caught in turmoil upon Hitler's rise to power, literally hunted down by their own friends.




Stewart won his only Academy Award for Best Actor for 1940's The Philadelphia Story. He is seen here with co-star Katharine Hepburn


Stewart also starred with Cary Grant and Katharine Hepburn in George Cukor's classic The Philadelphia Story (1940). His performance as an intrusive, fast-talking reporter earned him his only Academy Award in a competitive category (Best Actor, 1941); he beat out his good friend Henry Fonda (The Grapes of Wrath). Stewart thought his performance "entertaining and slick and smooth" but lacking the "guts" of "Mr. Smith".[28] Stewart gave the Oscar statuette to his father, who displayed it for many years in a case inside the front door of his hardware store, alongside other family awards and military medals.
During the months before he began military service, Stewart appeared in a series of screwball comedies with varying levels of success. He followed No Time for Comedy (1940) with Rosalind Russell and Come Live with Me (1941) with Hedy Lamarr with the Judy Garland musical Ziegfeld Girl and the George Marshall romantic comedy Pot o' Gold, featuring Paulette Goddard. Stewart was drafted in late 1940, a situation that coincided with the lapse in his MGM contract, marking a turning point in Stewart's career, with 28 movies to his credit at that point.[29]
Military service[edit]


James Stewart



Stewart receiving the French Croix de Guerre with Palm in 1944



Nickname(s)
Jimmy


Place of burial
Glendale, California


Allegiance
United States of America


Service/branch
United States Army Air Forces


Years of service
1941–1968


Rank
Brigadier General


Battles/wars

World War II

European Theater of Operations

Vietnam War


See also: List of awards and nominations received by James Stewart
Stewart's family on both sides had deep military roots, as both grandfathers had fought in the Civil War,[10] and his father had served during both the Spanish–American War and World War I. Stewart considered his father to be the biggest influence on his life, so it was not surprising that, when another war came, he too was willing to serve. Members of his family had previously been in the infantry, but Stewart chose to become a flier.[30]
An early interest in flying led Stewart to gain his Private Pilot certificate in 1935 and Commercial Pilot certificate in 1938. He often flew cross-country to visit his parents in Pennsylvania, navigating by the railroad tracks.[12] Nearly two years before the December 1941 attack on Pearl Harbor, Stewart had accumulated over 400 hours of flying time.[31]
Considered a highly proficient pilot, he entered a cross-country race as a co-pilot in 1939.[32] Stewart, along with musician/composer Hoagy Carmichael, saw the need for trained war pilots, and joined with other Hollywood celebrities to invest in Thunderbird Field, a pilot-training school built and operated by Southwest Airways in Glendale, Arizona. This airfield became part of the United States Army Air Forces training establishment and trained more than 10,000 pilots during World War II.[33]
In October 1940, Stewart was drafted into the United States Army but was rejected for failing to meet the weight requirements for his height for new recruits—Stewart was 2.3 kg (5 lb) under the standard. To get up to 65 kg (143 lb), he sought out the help of Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer's muscle man and trainer Don Loomis, who was noted for his ability to help people add or subtract weight in his studio gymnasium. Stewart subsequently attempted to enlist in the Air Corps, but still came in underweight, although he persuaded the enlistment officer to run new tests, this time passing the weigh-in,[34][N 2] with the result that Stewart enlisted and was inducted in the Army on March 22, 1941. He became the first major American movie star to wear a military uniform in World War II.[2]
Stewart enlisted as a private[12][35] but applied for an Air Corps commission and Service Pilot rating as both a college graduate and a licensed commercial pilot. Soon to be 33, he was almost six years beyond the maximum age restriction for Aviation Cadet training, the normal path of commissioning for pilots, navigators and bombardiers. The now-obsolete auxiliary pilot ratings (Glider Pilot, Liaison Pilot and Service Pilot) differed from the Aviation Cadet Program in that a higher maximum age limit and corrected vision were allowed upon initial entry. Stewart received his commission as a second lieutenant on January 1, 1942,[36] shortly after the attack on Pearl Harbor, while a corporal at Moffett Field, California. He received his Service Pilot rating at that time, under the Service Pilot program established in March 1942 for experienced former civilian pilots. Although Service Pilots were normally restricted to noncombat flying, they were permitted to fly overseas on cargo and utility transports, typically with Air Transport, Ferry or Troop Carrier Commands. Under the regulations of the period, a Service Pilot could obtain an unrestricted Pilot rating after one year of USAAF service on flying status, provided he met certain flight experience requirements and passed an evaluation board, and some did in fact go on to combat flying assignments.[37] Stewart's first assignment was an appearance at a March of Dimes rally in Washington, D.C., but Stewart wanted assignment to an operational unit rather than serving as a recruiting symbol. He applied for and was granted advanced training on multi-engine aircraft. Stewart was posted to nearby Mather Field to instruct in both single- and twin-engine aircraft.[35][38]


Play media


James Stewart in Winning Your Wings (1942)


Public appearances by Stewart were limited engagements scheduled by the Army Air Forces. "Stewart appeared several times on network radio with Edgar Bergen and Charlie McCarthy. Shortly after Pearl Harbor, he performed with Orson Welles, Edward G. Robinson, Walter Huston and Lionel Barrymore in an all-network radio program called We Hold These Truths, dedicated to the 150th anniversary of the Bill of Rights."[39] In early 1942, Stewart was asked to appear in a film to help recruit the 100,000 airmen the USAAF anticipated it would need to win the war. The USAAF's First Motion Picture Unit shot scenes of Lieutenant Stewart in his pilot's flight jacket and recorded his voice for narration. The short recruitment film Winning Your Wings appeared in movie theaters nationwide beginning in late May and was very successful, resulting in 150,000 new recruits.[40][41]
Stewart was concerned that his expertise and celebrity status would relegate him to instructor duties "behind the lines".[42] His fears were confirmed when, after his promotion to first lieutenant on July 7, 1942,[43] he was stationed from August to December 1942 at Kirtland Army Airfield in Albuquerque, New Mexico, piloting AT-11 Kansans used in training bombardiers. He was transferred to Hobbs Army Airfield, New Mexico, for three months of transition training in the four-engine B-17 Flying Fortress, then sent to the Combat Crew Processing Center in Salt Lake City, where he expected to be assigned to a combat unit. Instead, he was assigned in early 1943 to an operational training unit, the 29th Bombardment Group at Gowen Field, Boise, Idaho, as an instructor.[35] He was promoted to captain on July 9, 1943,[43] and appointed a squadron commander.[38] To Stewart, now 35, combat duty seemed far away and unreachable, and he had no clear plans for the future. However, a rumor that Stewart would be taken off flying status and assigned to making training films or selling bonds called for immediate action, because what he dreaded most was "the hope-shattering spectre of a dead end".[44] Stewart appealed to his commander, 30-year-old Lt. Col. Walter E. Arnold Jr., who understood his situation and recommended Stewart to the commander of the 445th Bombardment Group, a B-24 Liberator unit that had just completed initial training at Gowen Field and gone on to final training at Sioux City Army Air Base, Iowa.[45][N 3]




World War II bomber pilot in 1943


In August 1943, Stewart was assigned to the 445th Bomb Group as operations officer of the 703d Bombardment Squadron, but after three weeks became its commander. On October 12, 1943, judged ready to go overseas, the 445th Bomb Group staged to Lincoln Army Airfield, Nebraska. Flying individually, the aircraft first flew to Morrison Army Airfield, Florida, and then on the circuitous Southern Route along the coasts of South America and Africa to RAF Tibenham, Norfolk, England. After several weeks of training missions, in which Stewart flew with most of his combat crews, the group flew its first combat mission on December 13, 1943, to bomb the U-boat facilities at Kiel, Germany, followed three days later by a mission to Bremen. Stewart led the high squadron of the group formation on the first mission, and the entire group on the second.[47] Following a mission to Ludwigshafen, Germany, on January 7, 1944, Stewart was promoted to major.[47][N 4] Stewart was awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross for actions as deputy commander of the 2nd Combat Bombardment Wing on the first day of "Big Week" operations in February and flew two other missions that week.[49]
On March 22, 1944, Stewart flew his 12th combat mission, leading the 2nd Bomb Wing in an attack on Berlin. On March 30, 1944, he was sent to RAF Old Buckenham to become group operations officer of the 453rd Bombardment Group, a new B-24 unit that had just lost both its commander and operations officer on missions.[50] To inspire the unit, Stewart flew as command pilot in the lead B-24 on several missions deep into Nazi-occupied Europe. As a staff officer, Stewart was assigned to the 453rd "for the duration" and thus not subject to a quota of missions of a combat tour. He nevertheless assigned himself as a combat crewman on the group's missions until his promotion to lieutenant colonel on June 3[43] and reassignment on July 1, 1944, to the 2nd Bomb Wing, assigned as executive officer to Brigadier General Edward J. Timberlake. His official tally of mission credits while assigned to the 445th and 453rd Bomb Groups was 20 sorties.
Stewart continued to go on missions uncredited, flying with the pathfinder squadron of the 389th Bombardment Group, with his two former groups and with groups of the 20th Combat Bomb Wing.[51] He received a second award of the Distinguished Flying Cross for actions in combat and was awarded the French Croix de Guerre. He also was awarded the Air Medal with three oak leaf clusters.
Stewart served in a number of staff positions in the 2nd and 20th Bomb Wings between July 1944 and the end of the war in Europe, and was promoted to full colonel on March 29, 1945.[43][52]
On May 10, 1945, he succeeded to command of the 2nd Bomb Wing, a position he held until June 15.[53] Stewart was one of the few Americans to ever rise from private to colonel in only four years during the Second World War.[12][35]
At the beginning of June 1945, Stewart was the presiding officer of the court-martial of a pilot and navigator who were charged with dereliction of duty for having accidentally bombed the Swiss city of Zurich the previous March—the first instance of U.S. personnel being tried for an attack on a neutral country. The court acquitted the defendants.[54]
Stewart continued to play a role in the Army Air Forces Reserve following World War II and the new United States Air Force Reserve after the official establishment of the Air Force as an independent service in 1947.
Stewart received permanent promotion to colonel in 1953 and served as Air Force Reserve commander of Dobbins Air Force Base, Georgia, the present day Dobbins Air Reserve Base.[43][55] He was also one of the 12 founders and a charter member of the Air Force Association in October 1945. Stewart rarely spoke about his wartime service, but did appear in January 1974 in an episode of the TV series The World At War, "Whirlwind: Bombing Germany (September 1939 – April 1944)", commenting on the disastrous mission of October 14, 1943, against Schweinfurt, Germany. At his request, he was identified only as "James Stewart, Squadron Commander" in the documentary.[56][57]
On July 23, 1959, Stewart was promoted to brigadier general. During his active duty periods, he remained current as a pilot of Convair B-36 Peacemaker, Boeing B-47 Stratojet and Boeing B-52 Stratofortress intercontinental bombers of the Strategic Air Command.[58]
On February 20, 1966, Brigadier General Stewart flew as a non-duty observer in a B-52 on an Arc Light bombing mission during the Vietnam War. He refused the release of any publicity regarding his participation, as he did not want it treated as a stunt, but as part of his job as an officer in the Air Force Reserve.
After 27 years of service, Stewart retired from the Air Force on May 31, 1968.[59]
Stewart received a number of awards during his military service and upon his retirement was awarded the United States Air Force Distinguished Service Medal.
Postwar career[edit]
After the war, Stewart took time off to reassess his career.[60] He was an early investor in Southwest Airways, founded by Leland Hayward, and considered going into the aviation industry if his restarted film career did not prosper.[61] Upon Stewart's return to Hollywood in fall 1945, he decided not to renew his MGM contract. He signed with the MCA talent agency. His former agent Leland Hayward got out of the talent business in 1944 after selling his A-list of stars, including Stewart, to MCA.[62]




As George Bailey, with guardian angel Clarence, in It's a Wonderful Life (1946). Stewart was Oscar-nominated for the performance, and the film is widely considered a Christmas classic


For his first film in five years, Stewart appeared in his third and final Frank Capra production, It's a Wonderful Life.[63][N 5] The role was Stewart's first since returning from service in World War II, during which he experienced what is now recognized as post-traumatic stress disorder. Author Robert Matzen wrote that the movie provided an outlet for Stewart's raw feelings. He wrote that he did not think Stewart "had that kind of capacity before the war. It enabled him to be ferocious and to have that raw emotion.[64] Capra paid RKO for the rights to the story and formed his own production company, Liberty Films. The female lead went to Donna Reed when Capra's perennial first choice, Jean Arthur, was unavailable, and after Ginger Rogers, Olivia de Havilland, Ann Dvorak, and Martha Scott had all turned down the role.[65] Stewart appeared as George Bailey, an upstanding small-town man who becomes increasingly frustrated by his ordinary existence and financial troubles. Driven to suicide on Christmas Eve, he is led to reassess his life by Clarence Odbody,[66] an "angel, second class" played by Henry Travers.
Although It's a Wonderful Life was nominated for five Academy Awards, including Stewart's third Best Actor nomination, it received mixed reviews and only disappointingly moderate success at the box office.[67] However, in the decades since the film's release, it grew to define Stewart's film persona and is widely considered as a sentimental Christmas film classic and, according to the American Film Institute, one of the 100 best American movies ever made. In an interview with Michael Parkinson in 1973, Stewart declared that out of all the movies he had made, It's a Wonderful Life was his favorite. After viewing the film, President Harry S. Truman concluded, "If Bess and I had a son we'd want him to be just like Jimmy Stewart."[68] In the aftermath of the film, Capra's production company went into bankruptcy, while Stewart started to have doubts about his ability to act after his military hiatus.[69] His father kept insisting he come home and marry a local girl. Meanwhile, in Hollywood, his generation of actors were fading and a new wave of actors would soon remake the town, including Marlon Brando, Montgomery Clift and James Dean.[70]







Magic Town (1947), a comedy film directed by William A. Wellman, starring James Stewart and Jane Wyman, was one of the first films about the then-new science of public opinion polling. It was poorly received. He completed Rope (1948) directed by Alfred Hitchcock and Call Northside 777 (1948), and weathered two box-office disappointments with On Our Merry Way (1948), a comedic musical ensemble in which Stewart and Henry Fonda were paired as two jazz musicians, and You Gotta Stay Happy (1949), for which the posters depicted Stewart being kissed on one cheek by Joan Fontaine and on the other by a chimpanzee. In the documentary film James Stewart: A Wonderful Life (1987), hosted by Johnny Carson, Stewart said that he went back to Westerns in 1950 in part because of the string of flops.
He returned to the stage to star in Mary Coyle Chase's Harvey, which had opened to nearly universal praise in November 1944,[71] as Elwood P. Dowd, a wealthy eccentric living with his sister and niece, and whose best friend is an invisible rabbit as large as a man. Dowd's eccentricity, especially the friendship with the rabbit, is ruining the niece's hopes of finding a husband. While trying to have Dowd committed to a sanatorium, his sister is committed herself while the play follows Dowd on an ordinary day in his not-so-ordinary life. Stewart took over the role from Frank Fay and gained an increased Broadway following in the unconventional play.[71] The play, which ran for nearly three years with Stewart as its star, was successfully adapted into a 1950 film, directed by Henry Koster, with Stewart reprising his role and Josephine Hull portraying his sister. Bing Crosby was the first choice, but he declined.[72] Stewart received his fourth Best Actor nomination for his performance. Stewart also played the role on Broadway in 1970, which was shot on videotape for NBC as part of the Hallmark Hall of Fame series in 1972, and on the London stage in 1975.
After Harvey, the World War II film Malaya (1949) with Spencer Tracy, and the conventional but highly successful biographical film The Stratton Story in 1949, Stewart's first pairing with "on-screen wife" June Allyson, his career took another turn.[73] During the 1950s, he expanded into the Western and suspense genres, thanks to collaborations with Alfred Hitchcock and Anthony Mann.
Other performances by Stewart during this time include the critically acclaimed 1950 Delmer Daves Western Broken Arrow, which featured Stewart as an ex-soldier and Indian agent making peace with the Apache; a troubled clown in the 1952 Best Picture The Greatest Show on Earth; and Stewart's role as Charles Lindbergh in Billy Wilder's 1957 The Spirit of St. Louis. He also starred in the Western radio show The Six Shooter for its one-season run from 1953 to 1954. During this time, Stewart wore the same cowboy hat and rode the same horse, "Pie", in most of his Westerns.[74][75]
Cary Grant said of Stewart's acting technique:

He had the ability to talk naturally. He knew that in conversations people do often interrupt one another and it's not always so easy to get a thought out. It took a little time for the sound men to get used to him, but he had an enormous impact. And then, some years later, Marlon came out and did the same thing all over again—but what people forget is that Jimmy did it first.[76]

Collaborations with Hitchcock and Mann[edit]
In Stewart's collaborations with director Anthony Mann, he entered the realm of the western. Stewart's first appearance in a film directed by Mann came with the 1950 western, Winchester '73. In choosing Mann (after first choice Fritz Lang declined), Stewart cemented a powerful partnership.[77] The film, which became a box-office hit upon its release, set the pattern for their future collaborations. In it, Stewart is a tough, revengeful sharpshooter, the winner of a prized rifle which is stolen and then passes through many hands, until the showdown between Stewart and his brother (Stephen McNally).[77]




Stewart made eight films for director Anthony Mann. Five of them were Westerns, including The Naked Spur (1953).


Other Stewart–Mann westerns, such as Bend of the River (1952), The Naked Spur (1953), The Far Country (1954) and The Man from Laramie (1955), were perennial favorites among young audiences entranced by the American West. Frequently, the films featured Stewart as a troubled cowboy seeking redemption, while facing corrupt cattlemen, ranchers and outlaws—a man who knows violence first hand and struggles to control it. The Stewart–Mann collaborations laid the foundation for many of the westerns of the 1950s and remain popular today for their grittier, more realistic depiction of the classic movie genre. Audiences saw Stewart's screen persona evolve into a more mature, more ambiguous, and edgier presence.[78]
Stewart and Mann also collaborated on other films outside the western genre. The Glenn Miller Story (1954) was critically acclaimed, garnering Stewart a BAFTA Award nomination, and (together with The Spirit of St. Louis) continued Stewart's portrayals of 'American heroes'. Thunder Bay, released the same year, transplanted the plot arc of their western collaborations to a more contemporary setting, with Stewart as a Louisiana oil driller facing corruption. Strategic Air Command, released in 1955, allowed Stewart to use his experiences in the United States Air Force on film.
Stewart's starring role in Winchester '73 was also a turning point in Hollywood. Universal Studios, who wanted Stewart to appear in both that film and Harvey, balked at his $200,000 asking price. His agent, Lew Wasserman, brokered an alternate deal, in which Stewart would appear in both films for no pay, in exchange for a percentage of the profits as well as cast and director approval.[79] Stewart ended up earning about $600,000 for Winchester '73 alone.[79] Hollywood's other stars quickly capitalized on this new way of doing business, which further undermined the decaying "studio system".[80]
The second collaboration to define Stewart's career in the 1950s was with director Alfred Hitchcock. Like Mann, Hitchcock uncovered new depths to Stewart's acting, showing a protagonist confronting his fears and his repressed desires. Stewart's first movie with Hitchcock was the technologically innovative 1948 film Rope, shot in long "real time" takes.[81]




Rear Window (1954) was one of four films Stewart made with Alfred Hitchcock. Stewart became the highest-grossing star of 1954 as a result.


The two collaborated for the second of four times on the 1954 hit Rear Window, widely considered one of Hitchcock's masterpieces. Stewart portrays photographer L.B. "Jeff" Jeffries, loosely based on Life photographer Robert Capa, who projects his fantasies and fears onto the people he observes out his apartment window while on hiatus due to a broken leg. Jeffries gets into more than he can handle, however, when he believes he has witnessed a salesman (Raymond Burr) commit a murder, and when his glamorous girlfriend (Grace Kelly), at first disdainful of his voyeurism and skeptical about any crime, eventually is drawn in and tries to help solve the mystery. Limited by his wheelchair, Stewart is led by Hitchcock to react to what his character sees with mostly facial responses. It was a landmark year for Stewart, becoming the highest grossing actor of 1954 and the most popular Hollywood star in the world, displacing John Wayne.[82] Hitchcock and Stewart formed a corporation, Patron Inc., to produce the film, which later became the subject of a Supreme Court case Stewart v. Abend (1990).




With Kim Novak in Vertigo, 1958


After starring in Hitchcock's remake of the director's earlier production, The Man Who Knew Too Much (1956), with Doris Day, Stewart starred, with Kim Novak, in what many consider Hitchcock's most personal film, Vertigo (1958).[83] The movie starred Stewart as John "Scottie" Ferguson, a former police investigator suffering from acrophobia, who develops an obsession with a woman he is shadowing. Scottie's obsession inevitably leads to the destruction of everything he once had and believed in. Though the film is widely considered a classic today, Vertigo met with very mixed reviews and poor box-office receipts upon its release, and marked the last collaboration between Stewart and Hitchcock.[84] The director reportedly blamed the film's failure on Stewart looking too old to be Kim Novak's love interest, and cast Cary Grant as Roger Thornhill in North by Northwest (1959), a role Stewart had very much wanted. (Grant was actually four years older than Stewart but photographed much younger.) Today, Vertigo is ranked highest in the 2012 Sight & Sound critics poll for the greatest films ever made, taking the title from long-standing favorite Citizen Kane.[85]
Career in the 1960s and 1970s[edit]




Anatomy of a Murder (1959)


In 1960, Stewart was awarded the New York Film Critics Circle Award for Best Actor and received his fifth and final Academy Award for Best Actor nomination, for his role in the 1959 Otto Preminger film Anatomy of a Murder. This courtroom drama stars Stewart as Paul Biegler, the lawyer of a hot-tempered soldier (played by Ben Gazzara) who claims temporary insanity after murdering a tavern owner who raped his wife. The film featured a career-making performance by George C. Scott as the prosecutor. The film was considered quite explicit for its time, and it was a box-office success.[86] Stewart's nomination was one of seven for the film (Charlton Heston was the winner with Ben-Hur), and saw his transition into the final decades of his career.
On January 1, 1960, Stewart received news of the death of Margaret Sullavan.[87] As a friend, mentor, and focus of his early romantic feelings, she had a unique influence on Stewart's life. On April 17, 1961, longtime friend Gary Cooper was too ill to attend the 33rd Academy Awards ceremony, so Stewart accepted the honorary Oscar on his behalf. Stewart's emotional speech hinted that something was seriously wrong, and the next day newspapers ran the headline, "Gary Cooper has cancer". One month later, on May 13, 1961, six days after his 60th birthday, Cooper died.
In the early 1960s, Stewart took leading roles in three John Ford films, his first work with the director. The first, Two Rode Together, paired him with Richard Widmark in a Western with thematic echoes of Ford's The Searchers. The next, 1962's The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance, Stewart's first picture with John Wayne, is a classic "psychological" western, shot in black and white film noir style featuring powerful use of shadows in the climactic sequence, with Stewart as an Eastern attorney who goes against his non-violent principles when he is forced to confront a psychopathic outlaw (played by Lee Marvin) in a small frontier town. At story's end, Stewart's character — now a rising political figure — faces a difficult ethical choice as he attempts to reconcile his actions with his personal integrity. The film's billing is unusual in that Stewart was given top billing over Wayne in the trailers and on the posters but Wayne was listed above Stewart in the film itself. The complex picture garnered mixed reviews but was an instant hit at the box office and became a critical favorite over the ensuing decades.




How the West Was Won (1962)



How the West Was Won (which Ford co-directed, though without directing Stewart's scenes) and Cheyenne Autumn were western epics released in 1962 and 1964 respectively. One of only a handful of movies filmed in true Cinerama, shot with three cameras and exhibited with three simultaneous projectors in theatres, How the West Was Won went on to win three Oscars and reap massive box-office figures. Cheyenne Autumn, in which a white-suited Stewart played Wyatt Earp in a long semi-comedic sequence in the middle of the movie, failed domestically and was quickly forgotten. The historical drama was Ford's final Western and Stewart's last feature film with Ford. Stewart's entertainingly memorable middle sequence is not directly connected with the rest of the film and was often excised from the lengthy film in later theatrical exhibition prints and some television broadcasts.
Having played his last romantic lead in Bell, Book and Candle (1958), with Kim Novak, and silver-haired (although not all was his—he wore a partial hairpiece starting with It's a Wonderful Life and in every film thereafter), Stewart transitioned into more family-related films in the 1960s when he signed a multi-movie deal with 20th Century Fox. These included the successful Henry Koster outing Mr. Hobbs Takes a Vacation (1962), and the less memorable films Take Her, She's Mine (1963) and Dear Brigitte (1965), which featured French model Brigitte Bardot as the object of Stewart's son's mash notes. The Civil War period film Shenandoah (1965) and the western family film The Rare Breed fared better at the box office; the Civil War movie, with strong antiwar and humanitarian themes, was a hit in the South.[citation needed]




In 1973 TV series Hawkins.


As an aviator, Stewart was particularly interested in aviation films and had pushed to appear in several in the 1950s, including No Highway in the Sky (1951), and Strategic Air Command (1955) and The Spirit of St. Louis (1957). He continued in this vein in the 1960s, in a role as a hard-bitten pilot in The Flight of the Phoenix (1965). Subbing for Stewart, famed stunt pilot and air racer Paul Mantz was killed when he crashed the "Tallmantz Phoenix P-1", the specially made, single-engined movie airplane, in an abortive "touch-and-go". Stewart also narrated the film X-15 in 1961. In 1964, he and several other military aviators, including Curtis LeMay, Paul Tibbets, Bruce Sundlun and Arthur Godfrey, became the founding directors on the board of Executive Jet Aviation Corporation.[88]
After a progression of lesser western films in the late 1960s and early 1970s, Stewart transitioned from cinema to television. In the 1950s he had made guest appearances on the Jack Benny Program. Stewart first starred in the NBC comedy The Jimmy Stewart Show, on which he played a college professor. He followed it with the CBS mystery Hawkins, in which he played a small town lawyer investigating cases, similar to his character in Anatomy of a Murder. The series garnered Stewart a Golden Globe for Best Actor in a Dramatic TV Series, but failed to gain a wide audience, possibly because it rotated with Shaft, another high-quality series but with a starkly conflicting demographic, and was cancelled after one season. During this time, Stewart periodically appeared on Johnny Carson's The Tonight Show, sharing poems he had written at different times in his life. His poems were later compiled into a short collection, Jimmy Stewart and His Poems (1989).[89][90]
Stewart returned to films after an absence of five years with a major supporting role in John Wayne's final film, The Shootist (1976) where Stewart played a doctor giving Wayne's gunfighter a terminal cancer diagnosis. At one point, both Wayne and Stewart were flubbing their lines repeatedly and Stewart turned to director Don Siegel and said, "You'd better get two better actors." Stewart also appeared in supporting roles in Airport '77, the 1978 remake of The Big Sleep starring Robert Mitchum as Raymond Chandler's Philip Marlowe, and The Magic of Lassie (1978). All three movies received poor reviews, and The Magic of Lassie flopped at the box office.
Last years and later career[edit]




Speaking at The Kennedy Center on Inauguration Day, 1981, in Washington D.C.


Following the failure of The Magic of Lassie, Stewart went into semi-retirement from acting. He donated his papers, films, and other records to Brigham Young University's Harold B. Lee Library in 1983.[91] Stewart had diversified investments including real estate, oil wells, a charter-plane company and membership on major corporate boards, and he became a multimillionaire. In the 1980s and '90s, he did voiceover work for commercials for Campbell's Soups.
Stewart's longtime friend Henry Fonda died in 1982, and former co-star and friend Grace Kelly died after a car crash shortly afterwards. A few months later, Stewart starred with Bette Davis in Right of Way. He filmed several television movies in the 1980s, including Mr. Krueger's Christmas, which allowed him to fulfill a lifelong dream to conduct the Mormon Tabernacle Choir.[92] He made frequent visits to the Reagan White House and traveled on the lecture circuit. The re-release of his Hitchcock films gained Stewart renewed recognition. Rear Window and Vertigo were particularly praised by film critics, which helped bring these pictures to the attention of younger movie-goers. He was presented an Academy Honorary Award by Cary Grant in 1985, "for his 50 years of memorable performances, for his high ideals both on and off the screen, with respect and affection of his colleagues".[68]
In 1988, Stewart made an impassioned plea in Congressional hearings, along with, among many others, Burt Lancaster, Katharine Hepburn, Ginger Rogers, and film director Martin Scorsese, against Ted Turner's decision to 'colorize' classic black and white films, including It's a Wonderful Life. Stewart stated, "the coloring of black-and-white films is wrong. It's morally and artistically wrong and these profiteers should leave our film industry alone".[93]
In 1989, Stewart founded the American Spirit Foundation to apply entertainment industry resources to developing innovative approaches to public education and to assist the emerging democracy movements in the former Iron Curtain countries. Peter F. Paul arranged for Stewart, through the offices of President Boris Yeltsin, to send a special print of It's a Wonderful Life, translated by Lomonosov Moscow State University, to Russia as the first American program ever to be broadcast on Russian television. It first aired on Russian TV Channel 2 on January 5, 1992, the first day of the existence of the Commonwealth of Independent States and Russian Orthodox Christmas.
In association with politicians and celebrities such as President Ronald Reagan, Supreme Court Chief Justice Warren Burger, California Governor George Deukmejian, Bob Hope and Charlton Heston, Stewart worked from 1987 to 1993 on projects that enhanced the public appreciation and understanding of the U.S. Constitution and Bill of Rights.
In 1991, James Stewart voiced the character of Sheriff Wylie Burp in the movie An American Tail: Fievel Goes West, which was his last film role. Shortly before his 80th birthday, he was asked how he wanted to be remembered. "As someone who 'believed in hard work and love of country, love of family and love of community.'"[68]
Personal life[edit]
Stewart was almost universally described by his collaborators as a kind, soft-spoken man and a true professional.[94] Joan Crawford praised the actor as an "endearing perfectionist" with "a droll sense of humor and a shy way of watching you to see if you react to that humor".[68]




Stewart was married to Gloria Hatrick McLean from 1949 to her death in 1994


When Henry Fonda moved to Hollywood in 1934, he was again a roommate with Stewart in an apartment in Brentwood,[95] and the two gained reputations as playboys.[96] Both men's children later noted that their favorite activity when not working seemed to be quietly sharing time together while building and painting model airplanes, a hobby they had taken up in New York, years earlier.[97]
After World War II, Stewart settled down, at age 41, marrying former model Gloria Hatrick McLean on August 9, 1949. As Stewart loved to recount in self-mockery, "I, I, I pitched the big question to her last night and to my surprise she, she, she said yes!"[98] Stewart adopted her two sons, Michael and Ronald, and with Gloria he had twin daughters, Judy and Kelly, on May 7, 1951. The couple remained married until her death from lung cancer on February 16, 1994, at the age of 75. Ronald McLean was killed in action in Vietnam on June 8, 1969, at the age of 24, while serving as a lieutenant in the Marine Corps.[99][100] Daughter Kelly Stewart is a physical anthropologist.[101]
Stewart was active in philanthropy over the years. His signature charity event, "The Jimmy Stewart Relay Marathon Race", held each year since 1982, has raised millions of dollars for the Child and Family Development Center at St. John's Health Center in Santa Monica, California.[12] He was a lifelong supporter of Scouting, having been a Second Class Scout when he was a youth, an adult Scout leader, and a recipient of the prestigious Silver Buffalo Award from the Boy Scouts of America (BSA). In later years, he made advertisements for the BSA, which led to his being sometimes incorrectly identified as an Eagle Scout.[102] An award for Boy Scouts, "The James M. Stewart Good Citizenship Award" has been presented since May 17, 2003.[103]
Stewart was a Life Member of the Sons of the Revolution in the State of California.[104]
One of Stewart's lesser-known talents was his homespun poetry. Once, while on The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson, he read a poem entitled "Beau" that he had written about his dog. By the end of this reading, Carson's eyes were welling with tears.[105] This was later parodied on a late 1980s episode of the NBC sketch show Saturday Night Live, with Dana Carvey as Stewart reciting the poem on Weekend Update and bringing anchor Dennis Miller to tears. He was also an avid gardener. Stewart purchased the house next door to his Beverly Hills home, had it razed, and installed his garden on the lot.[106]
Politics[edit]
Stewart was a staunch Republican[107] and actively campaigned for Richard Nixon and Ronald Reagan. He was a hawk on the Vietnam War, and maintained that his stepson, Ronald, did not die in vain. Stewart actively supported Reagan's bid to win the Republican presidential nomination in 1976.
Following the assassination of Senator Robert F. Kennedy in 1968, Stewart, Charlton Heston, Kirk Douglas and Gregory Peck issued a statement calling for support of President Lyndon Johnson's Gun Control Act of 1968.
One of his best friends was fellow actor Henry Fonda, despite the fact that the two had very different political ideologies. A political argument in 1947 resulted in a fistfight, but they maintained their friendship by never discussing politics again.[108] This tale may be apocryphal as Jhan Robbins quotes Stewart as saying: "Our views never interfered with our feelings for each other, we just didn't talk about certain things. I can't remember ever having an argument with him—ever!" However, Jane Fonda told Donald Dewey for his 1996 biography of Stewart that her father did have a falling out with Stewart at that time, although she did not know whether it was because of their political differences. There is a brief reference to their political differences in character in their movie The Cheyenne Social Club. In the last years of his life, he donated to the campaign of Bob Dole in the 1996 presidential election and to Democratic Florida governor Bob Graham in his successful run for the Senate.[107]
Death[edit]




James Stewart's grave



Stewart was hospitalized after falling over in December 1995.[109] In December 1996, he was due to have the battery in his pacemaker changed, but opted not to, preferring to let things happen naturally. In February 1997, he was hospitalized for an irregular heartbeat. On June 25, a thrombosis formed in his right leg, leading to a pulmonary embolism one week later. Surrounded by his children on July 2, 1997, Stewart died at the age of 89 at his home in Beverly Hills, California, with his final words to his family being, "I'm going to be with Gloria now."[110] President Bill Clinton commented that America had lost a "national treasure ... a great actor, a gentleman and a patriot".[68] Over 3,000 mourners, mostly celebrities, attended Stewart's memorial service, which included a firing of three volleys for his service in the Army Air Forces and the U.S. Air Force.[111] Stewart's remains are interred at Forest Lawn Memorial Park in Glendale, California.[112]
Filmography[edit]




In Frank Borzage's The Mortal Storm



Main article: James Stewart filmography
From the beginning of Stewart's film career in 1935, through his final theatrical project in 1991, he appeared in more than 92 films, television programs and shorts. Five of his movies were included on the American Film Institute's list of the 100 greatest American films: Mr. Smith Goes to Washington; The Philadelphia Story; It's a Wonderful Life; Rear Window and Vertigo. His roles in Mr. Smith Goes to Washington, The Philadelphia Story, It's a Wonderful Life, Harvey, and Anatomy of a Murder earned him Academy Award nominations—with one win for The Philadelphia Story.
Broadway performances[edit]

Carry Nation as "Constable Gano" (October – November 1932)
Goodbye Again as "Chauffeur" (December 1932 – July 1933)
Spring in Autumn as "Jack Brennan" (October–November 1933)
All Good Americans as "Johnny Chadwick" (December 1933 – January 1934)
Yellow Jack as "Sgt. John O'Hara" (May 1934)
Divided By Three as "Teddy Parrish" (October 1934)
Page Miss Glory as "Ed Olsen" (November 1934 – March 1935)
A Journey By Night as "Carl" (April 1935)
Harvey as "Elwood P. Dowd" (July–August 1947, July–August 1948, replacing vacationing Frank Fay, who created the role on Broadway)[N 6]
Harvey as "Elwood P. Dowd" (revival, February–May 1970)
A Gala Tribute to Joshua Logan as himself (March 9, 1975)

Radio appearances[edit]


Year
Program
Episode/source


1937
Lux Radio Theatre
Madame X


1939
The Gulf Screen Guild Theater
Tailored By Toni


1939
The Gulf Screen Guild Theater
Going My Way


1940
The Gulf Screen Guild Theater
Single Crossing


1940
Screen Guild Players
The Shop Around the Corner[113]


1945
Lux Radio Theatre
Destry Rides Again


1946
Suspense
"Consequence"[114]


1947
Lux Radio Theatre
It's A Wonderful Life


1947
Lux Radio Theatre
Magic Town


1948
Readers' Digest Radio Edition
One Way to Broadway[113]


1949
Suspense
Mission Completed[113]


1949
Lux Radio Theatre
You Gotta Stay Happy


1949
Lux Radio Theatre
June Bride


1949
Screen Directors Playhouse
Call Northside 777


1950
Lux Radio Theatre
The Stratton Story


1951
Lux Radio Theatre
When Johnny Comes Marching Home


1951
Lux Radio Theatre
Winchester '73


1952
Lux Radio Theatre
No Highway in the Sky


1953
Theatre Guild on the Air
O'Halloran's Luck''[115]


1953-4
The Six Shooter
Starred as Britt Ponset


Legacy[edit]




Photo by Carl Van Vechten (1934)


Throughout his seven decades in Hollywood, Stewart cultivated a versatile career and recognized screen image in such classics as Mr. Smith Goes to Washington, The Mortal Storm, The Philadelphia Story, Harvey, It's a Wonderful Life, Shenandoah, The Glenn Miller Story, Rear Window, Rope, The Man Who Knew Too Much, The Shop Around the Corner, The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance and Vertigo. He is the most represented leading actor on the AFI's 100 Years…100 Movies (10th Anniversary Edition) and AFI's 10 Top 10 lists. He is the most represented leading actor on the 100 Greatest Movies of All Time list presented by Entertainment Weekly. As of 2007, ten of his films have been inducted into the United States National Film Registry. As part of their 100 Years Series, Stewart was named the third greatest screen legend actor in American film history by the AFI in 1999.[3]
Stewart left his mark on a wide range of film genres, including westerns, suspense thrillers, family films, biographies, and screwball comedies. He worked for many renowned directors during his career, among them Frank Capra, George Cukor, Henry Hathaway, Cecil B. DeMille, Ernst Lubitsch, Frank Borzage, George Stevens, Alfred Hitchcock, John Ford, Billy Wilder, Don Siegel, and Anthony Mann. He won many of the industry's highest honors and earned Lifetime Achievement awards from every major film organization, and is often considered to be one of the most influential actors in the history of American cinema.
Honors and tributes[edit]
Main article: List of awards and nominations received by James Stewart
Stewart was the recipient of many official accolades throughout his life, receiving film industry awards, military and civilian medals, honorary degrees, and memorials and tributes for his contribution to the performing arts, humanitarianism, and military service.
The library at Brigham Young University houses his personal papers and movie memorabilia including his Academy Award for Best Actor.[116][117]
In February 1980, Stewart was honored by Freedoms Foundation of Valley Forge, Pennsylvania, along with U.S. Senator Jake Garn, U.S. Ambassador Shirley Temple Black, singer John Denver, and Tom Abraham, a businessman from Canadian, Texas, who worked with immigrants seeking to become U.S. citizens.[118]
On May 20, 1995, his 87th birthday, The James M. Stewart Foundation was created to honor James Stewart. In concert with his family members, the foundation also established The Jimmy Stewart Museum in his hometown of Indiana, Pennsylvania. The foundation was created to "preserve, promote and enshrine the accomplishments of James M. Stewart, actor, soldier, civic leader, and world citizen..." The registered office is at 835 Philadelphia Street, Indiana, Pa, 15701 and is located within easy walking distance of his place of birth, the home in which he grew up, and the former location of his father's hardware store. A large statue of Stewart stands on the lawn of the Indiana County Courthouse, just feet from the museum.
The Jimmy Stewart Museum houses movie posters and photos, awards, personal artifacts, a gift shop and an intimate 1930's era theatre in which his films are regularly shown.
See also[edit]

List of film collaborations



United States Air Force portal
Biography portal
Film portal


References[edit]
Notes[edit]



^ MGM head Louis B. Mayer first tried to talk Stewart out of enlisting, claiming he would be sacrificing his career. "Mayer was just so desperate to say something that would keep me from enlisting", recalls Stewart... I said, "Mr. Mayer, this country's conscience is bigger than all the studios in Hollywood put together, and the time will come when we'll have to fight...The next thing he did was announce a big going-away party for me, and every star at the studio was summoned to be there... That was one big party."[2]
^ Stewart later confided that he had a 'friend' operating the weight scales.[34]
^ Walter E. "Pop" Arnold became commander of the 485th Bombardment Group in September 1943 and his B-24 was shot down over eastern Germany on August 27, 1944, making him a prisoner of war.[46]
^ While leading the 445th on this date, Stewart made a decision in combat to not break formation from another group that had made an error in navigation. The other group lost four bombers in a subsequent interception, but Stewart's decision possibly saved it from annihilation and incurred considerable damage to his own 48 aircraft. His decision resulted in a letter of commendation and promotion to major on January 20, 1944. Sy Bartlett and Beirne Lay used the episode in their novel 12 O'Clock High.[43][47][48]
^ Although Stewart was always Capra's first choice, in an interview later in life, he conceded that "Henry Fonda was in the running."[63]
^ The reference does not mention the second set of dates, nor that Frank Fay created the role.



Citations[edit]


^ "James Stewart, the Hesitant Hero, Dies at 89". The New York Times. July 3, 1997. 
^ a b c Munn, Michael. Jimmy Stewart: The Truth Behind the Legend, Skyhorse Publishing (2013) ebook
^ a b "AFI's 100 Years ... 100 Stars". American Film Institute (Afi.com). June 16, 1999. Retrieved June 22, 2013. 
^ http://www.afi.com/laa/laa80.aspx
^ Smith, Lynn (March 30, 2003). "In Supporting Roles". Los Angeles Times. p. 193. 
^ "James Stewart profile". FilmReference.com. Retrieved January 11, 2011.
^ "Ancestry of Jimmy Stewart". genealogy.about.com. Retrieved October 28, 2012.
^ "Movies: Best Pictures". The New York Times. Retrieved March 7, 2012.
^ "Jimmy Stewart profile". adherents.com. Retrieved March 7, 2012.
^ a b c Eliot 2006, pp. 11–12.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 15.
^ a b c d e f "Biography". The Jimmy Stewart Museum. Retrieved January 11, 2011.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 31.
^ Berg, A. Scott (1999). Lindbergh. New York, NY: Berkley/Penguin. p. 121. ISBN 978-0-425-17041-0. 
^ "Princeton Triangle Club" Archived 2011-10-02 at the Wayback Machine.. princeton.edu. Retrieved January 11, 2011.
^ Fonda and Teichmann 1981, p. 74.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 57.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 58.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 65.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 74.
^ Eliot 2006, pp. 84, 87.
^ a b Eliot 2006, p. 105.
^ Wayne 2004, p. 447.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 139.
^ Jones, McClure and Twomey 1970, p. 67.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 112.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 144.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 167.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 168.
^ Smith 2005, pp. 25–26.
^ "Brigadier General James Stewart". National Museum of the United States Air Force. Retrieved November 2, 2011.
^ Smith 2005, p. 26.
^ "Thunderbird Field". airfields-freeman.com. Retrieved November 2, 2011.
^ a b Smith 2005, p. 30.
^ a b c d "Brigadier General James Stewart". Something About Everything Military. Retrieved September 7, 2008.
^ Associated Press, "James Stewart Now Is Second Lieutenant", The Spokesman-Review, Spokane, Washington, Friday 2 January 1942, Volume 59, Number 233, page 2.
^ U.S. Army Air Forces (01 October 1943). Section 11 - Aeronautical Ratings, in Pilot's Information File (PIF 1-11-8), War Department, Washington, DC
^ a b McGowan, Sam. "From Private to Colonel". WWII History, Volume 11, July 2012, p. 42.
^ Smith 2005, pp. 31–32.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 181.
^ Biederman, Patricia Ward. "Winning the war, one frame at a time". Los Angeles Times, October 30, 2002. Retrieved September 7, 2008.
^ Smith 2005, p. 31.
^ a b c d e f Smith 2005, p. 273.
^ Smith 2005, pp. 49–50.
^ McGowan "From Private to Colonel", p. 43.
^ "485th Stories". 485thbg.org. 
^ a b c McGowan "From Private to Colonel", p. 44.
^ Bowman 1979, p. 26.
^ McGowan "From Private to Colonel", p. 45.
^ McGowan "From Private to Colonel", pp. 45–46.
^ McGowan "From Private to Colonel", pp. 46–47.
^ McGowan "From Private to Colonel", p. 47.
^ Maurer 1983, p. 375.
^ Helmreich, Dr. Jonathan E. "The Bombing of Zurich". Maxwell Air Force Base. Retrieved March 28, 2010.
^ "FBI Award". FBI. Retrieved March 7, 2012.
^ Smith 2005, p. 60.
^ Whirlwind: Bombing Empire YouTube
^ Swopes, Bryan R. (February 20, 2014). "20 February 1966 | This Day in Aviation". Photo credits: Bettmann/CORBIS, U.S. Air Force, Los Angeles Times, AP, RAF Old Buckenham. thisdayinaviation.com. Archived from the original on 5 April 2014. Retrieved April 4, 2014. 
^ "Stewart profile". U.S. Air Force. Retrieved March 7, 2012.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 196.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 199.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 197.
^ a b Cox 2005, p. 6.
^ Bates, Dan. "Jimmy Stewart used his PTSD from WWII in It’s a Wonderful Life". Mail Online. Retrieved 26 December 2016. 
^ Eliot 2006, p. 203.
^ Cox 2005, p. 70.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 209.
^ a b c d e "Obituary: James Stewart, the hesitant hero, dies at 89". The New York Times, July 3, 1997.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 211.
^ Eliot 2006, pp. 208, 211.
^ a b Eliot 2006, p. 214.
^ Eliot 2006, pp. 208, 213.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 237.
^ "James Stewart's Horse". Wild West net. Retrieved March 13, 2010.
^ "James Stewart profile". Film Reference.com. Retrieved March 13, 2010.
^ "Jimmy Stewart: The Biggest Little Man". Orlando Sentinel. 
^ a b Eliot 2006, p. 248.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 251.
^ a b Eliot 2006, p. 245.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 254.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 220.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 278.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 310.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 321.
^ "Vertigo is named 'greatest film of all time'". BBC News, August 2, 2012. Retrieved September 22, 2013.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 332.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 337.
^ "Paul Tibbets: A Rendezvous With History, Part 3". Airport Journals, June 2003.
^ Krier, Beth Ann. "The muse within Jimmy Stewart". Los Angeles Times, September 10, 1989.
^ Stewart, Jimmy (August 19, 1989). Jimmy Stewart and His Poems. Crown. ISBN 978-0517573822. 
^ Tollestrup, Jon. "Collections: Thousands of Artifacts, Centuries of History" The Daily Universe, February 13, 2006.
^ Bauman, Joe (January 26, 2009). "Utah-Hollywood connection runs deep". Deseret News. p. B2. 
^ Eliot 2006, p. 405.
^ Eliot 2006, pp. 164–68.
^ Fonda and Teichmann 1981, p. 106.
^ Fonda and Teichmann 1981, pp. 107–08.
^ Fonda and Teichmann 1981, p. 97.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 239.
^ "Gloria Stewart obituary". The New York Times, February 18, 1994.
^ "1LT Ronald Walsh McLean". VirtualWall.org. Retrieved June 27, 2013.
^ "Kelly Stewart". anthro.ucdavis.edu. Retrieved March 7, 2012. Archived May 17, 2011, at the Wayback Machine.
^ Lawson, Terry C. Erroneous Eagle Scouts Letter. Eagle Scout Service, National Eagle Scout Association, Boy Scouts of America (2005). Retrieved June 9, 2005.
^ "James M. Stewart Good Citizenship Award", jimmy.org. Retrieved March 7, 2012.
^ "It's a Wonderful Life for a fellow member!!" srcalifornia.com, Fall 1995. Retrieved August 2, 2012.
^ McMahon, Ed. "Ed McMahon says farewell to Johnny Carson". MSNBC, September 12, 2006, p. 3.
^ Nichols, Mary E. "James Stewart: The Star of It’s a Wonderful Life and The Philadelphia Story in Beverly Hills". Architectural Digest. Retrieved September 22, 2013.
^ a b "Political Donations". newsmeat.com. Retrieved March 7, 2012.
^ Robbins 1985, p. 99.
^ "James Stewart Hospitalized After Falling at His Home". LA Times. 22 December 1995. 
^ "James Stewart – Classic Cinema Gold". 
^ "James Stewart Biography". The Biography Channel. Retrieved September 22, 2013.
^ Ellenberger, Allan R. (2001). Celebrities in Los Angeles Cemeteries: A Directory. Jefferson, NC: McFarland & Company. p. 72. ISBN 978-0-7864-0983-9. 
^ a b c "Those Were The Days". Nostalgia Digest. 41 (3): 32–39. Summer 2015. 
^ http://www.escape-suspense.com/2008/06/suspense---cons.html 
^ Kirby, Walter (March 1, 1953). "Better Radio Programs for the Week". The Decatur Daily Review. p. 46. Retrieved June 23, 2015 – via Newspapers.com.  
^ "Jimmy Stewart". Deseret News. July 4, 1997. 
^ Carter, Edward L. (July 4, 1997). "BYU ready to expand its Stewart collection". Deseret News. 
^ "Tom Abraham to be honored by Freedoms Foundation Feb. 22", Canadian Record, Canadian, Texas, February 14, 1980, p. 19.


Bibliography[edit]


Beaver, Jim. "James Stewart". Films in Review, October 1980.
Bowman, Martin. B-24 Liberator 1939–1945, London: Patrick Stephens Ltd., 1979 ISBN 978-0-52881-538-6.
Coe, Jonathan. James Stewart: Leading Man. London: Bloomsbury, 1994. ISBN 978-0-14029-467-5.
Collins, Thomas W. Jr."Stewart, James". American National Biography Online. Retrieved February 18, 2007.
Cox, Stephen. It's a Wonderful Life: A Memory Book. Nashville, Tennessee: Cumberland House, 2003. ISBN 978-1-58182-337-0.
Eliot, Mark. Jimmy Stewart: A Biography. New York: Random House, 2006. ISBN 978-1-40005-222-6.
Fonda, Henry as told to Howard Teichmann. Fonda: My Life. New York: A Signet Book, New American Library, 1981. ISBN 0-451-11858-8.
Houghton, Norris. But Not Forgotten: The Adventure of the University Players. New York: William Sloane Associates, 1951.
Jackson, Kenneth T., Karen Markoe and Arnie Markoe. The Scribner Encyclopedia of American Lives (5). New York: Simon and Schuster, 1998. ISBN 0-684-80663-0.
Jones, Ken D., Arthur F. McClure and Alfred E. Twomey. The Films of James Stewart. New York: Castle Books, 1970.
Maurer, Maurer (1983). Air Force Combat Units of World War II. Washington, D.C.: Office of Air Force History. ISBN 0-912799-02-1
McGowan, Helene. James Stewart. London: Bison Group, 1992, ISBN 0-86124-925-9.
McGowan, Sam. "From Private to Colonel". WWII History, Volume 11, July 2012, pp. 40–47.
Pickard, Roy. Jimmy Stewart: A Life in Film. New York: St. Martin's Press, 1992. ISBN 0-312-08828-0.
Prendergast, Tom and Sara, eds. "Stewart, James". International Dictionary of Films and Filmmakers, 4th edition. London: St. James Press, 2000. ISBN 1-55862-450-3.
Prendergast, Tom and Sara, eds. "Stewart, James". St. James Encyclopedia of Popular Culture, 5th edition. London: St. James Press, 2000. ISBN 1-55862-529-1.
Robbins, Jhan. Everybody's Man: A Biography of Jimmy Stewart. New York: G.P. Putnam's Sons, 1985. ISBN 0-399-12973-1.
Smith, Starr. Jimmy Stewart: Bomber Pilot. St. Paul, Minnesota: Zenith Press, 2005. ISBN 0-7603-2199-X.
Thomas, Tony. A Wonderful Life: The Films and Career of James Stewart. Secaucus, New Jersey: Citadel Press, 1988. ISBN 0-8065-1081-1.
Wayne, Jane Ellen.The Leading Men of MGM. New York: Carroll & Graf Publishers, 2004. ISBN 0-7867-1475-1.
Wright, Stuart J. An Emotional Gauntlet: From Life in Peacetime America to the War in European Skies—A History of 453rd Bomb Group Crews. Milwaukee, Wisconsin: University of Wisconsin Press, 2004. ISBN 0-299-20520-7.


External links[edit]





This section's use of external links may not follow Wikipedia's policies or guidelines. Please improve this article by removing excessive or inappropriate external links, and converting useful links where appropriate into footnote references. (May 2012) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)





Wikimedia Commons has media related to James Stewart.





Wikiquote has quotations related to: Jimmy Stewart



Finding aid author: Mary-Celeste Ricks (2015). "His Wonderful Life: A Tribute to James Stewart". Prepared for the L. Tom Perry Special Collections, Provo, UT. Retrieved May 16, 2016.
Finding aid authors: James V. D'Arc and John N. Gillespie (2014). "John Strauss files on publicity for James Stewart". Prepared for the L. Tom Perry Special Collections, Provo, UT. Retrieved May 16, 2016.
Finding aid authors: Karen Glenn and John Murphy (2013). "WNET transcripts for James Stewart : A Wonderful Life". Prepared for the L. Tom Perry Special Collections, Provo, UT. Retrieved May 16, 2016.
James Stewart at the Internet Broadway Database 
James Stewart on IMDb
Jimmy Stewart at the TCM Movie Database 
Jimmy Stewart Museum
The American Spirit Foundation
Feaster, Felicia. James Stewart Profile at Turner Classic Movies
"Princeton to Honor Famed Alumnus Jimmy Stewart '32 With Tribute and Theater Dedication", Princeton University (1997)
Centennial Tribute to James Stewart
"Entertainment Weekly's 100 Greatest Movies of All Time"
"Mr. Stewart Goes to Vietnam", article from Vietnam magazine about Stewart's B-52 mission in 1966
Images: Stewart Pictures. Telecommunication & Film Department, University of Alabama
Images: "Col. James M. Stewart stands with his father outside of the family's hardware store", Life Magazine (1945)
A Wonderful Life: Jimmy Stewart, Actor and B-24 Bomber Pilot
James Stewart in the 1910 US Census, 1920 US Census, 1930 US Census, and the Social Security Death Index.
Photos of Jimmy Stewart in 'Pot O Gold' by Ned Scott
James Stewart(Aveleyman)
James Stewart interview on BBC Radio 4 Desert Island Discs, December 23, 1983







v
t
e


Hosts of the Academy Awards ceremonies



1929–50



Douglas Fairbanks / William C. deMille (1929)
William C. deMille (1930)
Conrad Nagel (1930)
Lawrence Grant (1931)
Lionel Barrymore / Conrad Nagel (1932)
Will Rogers (1934)
Irvin S. Cobb (1935)
Frank Capra (1936)
George Jessel (1937)
Bob Burns (1938)
None (1939)
Bob Hope (1940)
Bob Hope (1941)
None (1942)
Bob Hope (1943)
Jack Benny (1944)
Bob Hope / John Cromwell (1945)
Bob Hope / James Stewart (1946)
Jack Benny (1947)
Dick Powell / Agnes Moorehead (1948)
Robert Montgomery (1949)
Paul Douglas (1950)





1951–75



Fred Astaire (1951)
Danny Kaye (1952)
Bob Hope / Conrad Nagel (1953)
Donald O'Connor / Fredric March (1954)
Bob Hope / Thelma Ritter (1955)
Jerry Lewis / Claudette Colbert / Joseph L. Mankiewicz (1956)
Jerry Lewis / Celeste Holm (1957)
Bob Hope / David Niven / Donald Duck / James Stewart / Jack Lemmon / Rosalind Russell (1958)
Bob Hope / David Niven / Tony Randall / Mort Sahl / Laurence Olivier / Jerry Lewis (1959)
Bob Hope (1960)
Bob Hope (1961)
Bob Hope (1962)
Frank Sinatra (1963)
Jack Lemmon (1964)
Bob Hope (1965)
Bob Hope (1966)
Bob Hope (1967)
Bob Hope (1968)
None (1969)
None (1970)
None (1971)
Helen Hayes / Alan King / Sammy Davis Jr. / Jack Lemmon (1972)
Carol Burnett / Michael Caine / Charlton Heston / Rock Hudson (1973)
John Huston / Burt Reynolds / David Niven / Diana Ross (1974)
Sammy Davis Jr. / Bob Hope / Shirley MacLaine / Frank Sinatra (1975)





1976–2000



Goldie Hawn / Gene Kelly / Walter Matthau / George Segal / Robert Shaw (1976)
Warren Beatty / Ellen Burstyn / Jane Fonda / Richard Pryor (1977)
Bob Hope (1978)
Johnny Carson (1979)
Johnny Carson (1980)
Johnny Carson (1981)
Johnny Carson (1982)
Liza Minnelli / Dudley Moore / Richard Pryor / Walter Matthau (1983)
Johnny Carson (1984)
Jack Lemmon (1985)
Alan Alda / Jane Fonda / Robin Williams (1986)
Chevy Chase / Goldie Hawn / Paul Hogan (1987)
Chevy Chase (1988)
None (1989)
Billy Crystal (1990)
Billy Crystal (1991)
Billy Crystal (1992)
Billy Crystal (1993)
Whoopi Goldberg (1994)
David Letterman (1995)
Whoopi Goldberg (1996)
Billy Crystal (1997)
Billy Crystal (1998)
Whoopi Goldberg (1999)
Billy Crystal (2000)





2001–present



Steve Martin (2001)
Whoopi Goldberg (2002)
Steve Martin (2003)
Billy Crystal (2004)
Chris Rock (2005)
Jon Stewart (2006)
Ellen DeGeneres (2007)
Jon Stewart (2008)
Hugh Jackman (2009)
Alec Baldwin / Steve Martin (2010)
James Franco / Anne Hathaway (2011)
Billy Crystal (2012)
Seth MacFarlane (2013)
Ellen DeGeneres (2014)
Neil Patrick Harris (2015)
Chris Rock (2016)
Jimmy Kimmel (2017)
Jimmy Kimmel (2018)












v
t
e


Indiana in Indiana County, Pennsylvania



Attractions



Downtown Indiana Historic District
Breezedale
Buffalo, Rochester & Pittsburgh Railway Indiana Passenger Station
Silas M. Clark House
Graff's Market
James Mitchell House
Old Indiana County Courthouse
Indiana Borough 1912 Municipal Building
Indiana Armory
Old Indiana County Jail and Sheriff's Office
John Sutton Hall





Transportation



Indiana County Transit Authority





Notable people



Edward Abbey
James H. Bronson
Renée Fleming
Jim Nance
Michael Ryan
James Stewart
Steve Wheatcroft





Education



Indiana University of Pennsylvania
Indiana Area School District





Industry



First Commonwealth Financial Corporation





Newspapers



Indiana Gazette





Radio stations




By AM frequency



1160
1450





By FM frequency



90.1
92.5
95.5
100.3
103.7
105.1
106.3





By callsign



W262CU
WCCS
WDAD
WFGI
WFSJ-LP
WIUP
WLCY
WMUG-LP
WQMU













Awards for James Stewart











v
t
e


Academy Award for Best Actor



1928–1950



Emil Jannings (1928)
Warner Baxter (1929)
George Arliss (1930)
Lionel Barrymore (1931)
Fredric March / Wallace Beery (1932)
Charles Laughton (1933)
Clark Gable (1934)
Victor McLaglen (1935)
Paul Muni (1936)
Spencer Tracy (1937)
Spencer Tracy (1938)
Robert Donat (1939)
James Stewart (1940)
Gary Cooper (1941)
James Cagney (1942)
Paul Lukas (1943)
Bing Crosby (1944)
Ray Milland (1945)
Fredric March (1946)
Ronald Colman (1947)
Laurence Olivier (1948)
Broderick Crawford (1949)
José Ferrer (1950)





1951–1975



Humphrey Bogart (1951)
Gary Cooper (1952)
William Holden (1953)
Marlon Brando (1954)
Ernest Borgnine (1955)
Yul Brynner (1956)
Alec Guinness (1957)
David Niven (1958)
Charlton Heston (1959)
Burt Lancaster (1960)
Maximilian Schell (1961)
Gregory Peck (1962)
Sidney Poitier (1963)
Rex Harrison (1964)
Lee Marvin (1965)
Paul Scofield (1966)
Rod Steiger (1967)
Cliff Robertson (1968)
John Wayne (1969)
George C. Scott1 (1970)
Gene Hackman (1971)
Marlon Brando1 (1972)
Jack Lemmon (1973)
Art Carney (1974)
Jack Nicholson (1975)





1976–2000



Peter Finch (1976)
Richard Dreyfuss (1977)
Jon Voight (1978)
Dustin Hoffman (1979)
Robert De Niro (1980)
Henry Fonda (1981)
Ben Kingsley (1982)
Robert Duvall (1983)
F. Murray Abraham (1984)
William Hurt (1985)
Paul Newman (1986)
Michael Douglas (1987)
Dustin Hoffman (1988)
Daniel Day-Lewis (1989)
Jeremy Irons (1990)
Anthony Hopkins (1991)
Al Pacino (1992)
Tom Hanks (1993)
Tom Hanks (1994)
Nicolas Cage (1995)
Geoffrey Rush (1996)
Jack Nicholson (1997)
Roberto Benigni (1998)
Kevin Spacey (1999)
Russell Crowe (2000)





2001–present



Denzel Washington (2001)
Adrien Brody (2002)
Sean Penn (2003)
Jamie Foxx (2004)
Philip Seymour Hoffman (2005)
Forest Whitaker (2006)
Daniel Day-Lewis (2007)
Sean Penn (2008)
Jeff Bridges (2009)
Colin Firth (2010)
Jean Dujardin (2011)
Daniel Day-Lewis (2012)
Matthew McConaughey (2013)
Eddie Redmayne (2014)
Leonardo DiCaprio (2015)
Casey Affleck (2016)






1 refused award that year










v
t
e


Academy Honorary Award



1928–1950



Warner Bros. / Charlie Chaplin (1928)
Walt Disney (1932)
Shirley Temple (1934)
D. W. Griffith (1935)
The March of Time / W. Howard Greene and Harold Rosson (1936)
Edgar Bergen / W. Howard Greene / Museum of Modern Art Film Library / Mack Sennett (1937)
J. Arthur Ball / Walt Disney / Deanna Durbin and Mickey Rooney / Gordon Jennings, Jan Domela, Devereaux Jennings, Irmin Roberts, Art Smith, Farciot Edouart, Loyal Griggs, Loren L. Ryder, Harry D. Mills, Louis Mesenkop, Walter Oberst / Oliver T. Marsh and Allen Davey / Harry Warner (1938)
Douglas Fairbanks / Judy Garland / William Cameron Menzies / Motion Picture Relief Fund (Jean Hersholt, Ralph Morgan, Ralph Block, Conrad Nagel)/ Technicolor Company (1939)
Bob Hope / Nathan Levinson (1940)
Walt Disney, William Garity, John N. A. Hawkins, and the RCA Manufacturing Company / Leopold Stokowski and his associates / Rey Scott / British Ministry of Information (1941)
Charles Boyer / Noël Coward / Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer (1942)
George Pal (1943)
Bob Hope / Margaret O'Brien (1944)
Republic Studio, Daniel J. Bloomberg, and the Republic Studio Sound Department / Walter Wanger / The House I Live In / Peggy Ann Garner (1945)
Harold Russell / Laurence Olivier / Ernst Lubitsch / Claude Jarman Jr. (1946)
James Baskett / Thomas Armat, William Nicholas Selig, Albert E. Smith, and George Kirke Spoor / Bill and Coo / Shoeshine (1947)
Walter Wanger / Monsieur Vincent / Sid Grauman / Adolph Zukor (1948)
Jean Hersholt / Fred Astaire / Cecil B. DeMille / The Bicycle Thief (1949)
Louis B. Mayer / George Murphy / The Walls of Malapaga (1950)





1951–1975



Gene Kelly / Rashomon (1951)
Merian C. Cooper / Bob Hope / Harold Lloyd / George Mitchell / Joseph M. Schenck / Forbidden Games (1952)
20th Century-Fox Film Corporation / Bell & Howell Company / Joseph Breen / Pete Smith (1953)
Bausch & Lomb Optical Company / Danny Kaye / Kemp Niver / Greta Garbo / Jon Whiteley / Vincent Winter / Gate of Hell (1954)
Samurai I: Musashi Miyamoto (1955)
Eddie Cantor (1956)
Society of Motion Picture and Television Engineers / Gilbert M. "Broncho Billy" Anderson / Charles Brackett / B. B. Kahane (1957)
Maurice Chevalier (1958)
Buster Keaton / Lee de Forest (1959)
Gary Cooper / Stan Laurel / Hayley Mills (1960)
William L. Hendricks / Fred L. Metzler / Jerome Robbins (1961)
William J. Tuttle (1964)
Bob Hope (1965)
Yakima Canutt / Y. Frank Freeman (1966)
Arthur Freed (1967)
John Chambers / Onna White (1968)
Cary Grant (1969)
Lillian Gish / Orson Welles (1970)
Charlie Chaplin (1971)
Charles S. Boren / Edward G. Robinson (1972)
Henri Langlois / Groucho Marx (1973)
Howard Hawks / Jean Renoir (1974)
Mary Pickford (1975)





1976–2000



Margaret Booth (1977)
Walter Lantz / Laurence Olivier / King Vidor / Museum of Modern Art Department of Film (1978)
Hal Elias / Alec Guinness (1979)
Henry Fonda (1980)
Barbara Stanwyck (1981)
Mickey Rooney (1982)
Hal Roach (1983)
James Stewart / National Endowment for the Arts (1984)
Paul Newman / Alex North (1985)
Ralph Bellamy (1986)
Eastman Kodak Company / National Film Board of Canada (1988)
Akira Kurosawa (1989)
Sophia Loren / Myrna Loy (1990)
Satyajit Ray (1991)
Federico Fellini (1992)
Deborah Kerr (1993)
Michelangelo Antonioni (1994)
Kirk Douglas / Chuck Jones (1995)
Michael Kidd (1996)
Stanley Donen (1997)
Elia Kazan (1998)
Andrzej Wajda (1999)
Jack Cardiff / Ernest Lehman (2000)





2001–present



Sidney Poitier / Robert Redford (2001)
Peter O'Toole (2002)
Blake Edwards (2003)
Sidney Lumet (2004)
Robert Altman (2005)
Ennio Morricone (2006)
Robert F. Boyle (2007)
Lauren Bacall / Roger Corman / Gordon Willis (2009)
Kevin Brownlow / Jean-Luc Godard / Eli Wallach (2010)
James Earl Jones / Dick Smith (2011)
D. A. Pennebaker / Hal Needham / George Stevens Jr. (2012)
Angela Lansbury / Steve Martin / Piero Tosi (2013)
Jean-Claude Carrière / Hayao Miyazaki / Maureen O'Hara (2014)
Spike Lee / Gena Rowlands (2015)
Jackie Chan / Lynn Stalmaster / Anne V. Coates / Frederick Wiseman (2016)












v
t
e


AFI Life Achievement Award






John Ford (1973)
James Cagney (1974)
Orson Welles (1975)
William Wyler (1976)
Bette Davis (1977)
Henry Fonda (1978)
Alfred Hitchcock (1979)
James Stewart (1980)
Fred Astaire (1981)
Frank Capra (1982)
John Huston (1983)
Lillian Gish (1984)
Gene Kelly (1985)
Billy Wilder (1986)
Barbara Stanwyck (1987)
Jack Lemmon (1988)
Gregory Peck (1989)
David Lean (1990)
Kirk Douglas (1991)
Sidney Poitier (1992)
Elizabeth Taylor (1993)
Jack Nicholson (1994)
Steven Spielberg (1995)
Clint Eastwood (1996)
Martin Scorsese (1997)
Robert Wise (1998)
Dustin Hoffman (1999)
Harrison Ford (2000)
Barbra Streisand (2001)
Tom Hanks (2002)
Robert De Niro (2003)
Meryl Streep (2004)
George Lucas (2005)
Sean Connery (2006)
Al Pacino (2007)
Warren Beatty (2008)
Michael Douglas (2009)
Mike Nichols (2010)
Morgan Freeman (2011)
Shirley MacLaine (2012)
Mel Brooks (2013)
Jane Fonda (2014)
Steve Martin (2015)
John Williams (2016)
Diane Keaton (2017)












v
t
e


Silver Bear for Best Actor






Burt Lancaster (1956)
Pedro Infante (1957)
Sidney Poitier (1958)
Jean Gabin (1959)
Fredric March (1960)
Peter Finch (1961)
James Stewart (1962)
Sidney Poitier (1963)
Rod Steiger (1964)
Lee Marvin (1965)
Jean-Pierre Léaud (1966)
Michel Simon (1967)
Jean-Louis Trintignant (1968)
Jean Gabin (1971)
Alberto Sordi (1972)
Vlastimil Brodský (1975)
Gerhard Olschewski (1976)
Fernando Fernán Gómez (1977)
Craig Russell (1978)
Michele Placido (1979)
Andrzej Seweryn (1980)
Anatoly Solonitsyn / Jack Lemmon (1981)
Stellan Skarsgård / Michel Piccoli (1982)
Bruce Dern (1983)
Albert Finney (1984)
Fernando Fernán Gómez (1985)
Tuncel Kurtiz (1986)
Gian Maria Volontè (1987)
Jörg Pose / Manfred Möck (1988)
Gene Hackman (1989)
Iain Glen (1990)
Maynard Eziashi (1991)
Armin Mueller-Stahl (1992)
Denzel Washington (1993)
Tom Hanks (1994)
Paul Newman (1995)
Sean Penn (1996)
Leonardo DiCaprio (1997)
Samuel L. Jackson (1998)
Michael Gwisdek (1999)
Denzel Washington (2000)
Benicio del Toro (2001)
Jacques Gamblin (2002)
Sam Rockwell (2003)
Daniel Hendler (2004)
Lou Taylor Pucci (2005)
Moritz Bleibtreu (2006)
Julio Chávez (2007)
Reza Naji (2008)
Sotigui Kouyaté (2009)
Grigoriy Dobrygin / Sergei Puskepalis (2010)
Peyman Moaadi / Shahab Hosseini / Ali-Asghar Shahbazi / Babak Karimi (2011)
Mikkel Følsgaard (2012)
Nazif Mujić (2013)
Liao Fan (2014)
Tom Courtenay (2015)
Majd Mastoura (2016)
Georg Friedrich (2017)












v
t
e


Cecil B. DeMille Award






Cecil B. DeMille (1952)
Walt Disney (1953)
Darryl F. Zanuck (1954)
Jean Hersholt (1955)
Jack L. Warner (1956)
Mervyn LeRoy (1957)
Buddy Adler (1958)
Maurice Chevalier (1959)
Bing Crosby (1960)
Fred Astaire (1961)
Judy Garland (1962)
Bob Hope (1963)
Joseph E. Levine (1964)
James Stewart (1965)
John Wayne (1966)
Charlton Heston (1967)
Kirk Douglas (1968)
Gregory Peck (1969)
Joan Crawford (1970)
Frank Sinatra (1971)
Alfred Hitchcock (1972)
Samuel Goldwyn (1973)
Bette Davis (1974)
Hal B. Wallis (1975)
Walter Mirisch (1977)
Red Skelton (1978)
Lucille Ball (1979)
Henry Fonda (1980)
Gene Kelly (1981)
Sidney Poitier (1982)
Laurence Olivier (1983)
Paul Newman (1984)
Elizabeth Taylor (1985)
Barbara Stanwyck (1986)
Anthony Quinn (1987)
Clint Eastwood (1988)
Doris Day (1989)
Audrey Hepburn (1990)
Jack Lemmon (1991)
Robert Mitchum (1992)
Lauren Bacall (1993)
Robert Redford (1994)
Sophia Loren (1995)
Sean Connery (1996)
Dustin Hoffman (1997)
Shirley MacLaine (1998)
Jack Nicholson (1999)
Barbra Streisand (2000)
Al Pacino (2001)
Harrison Ford (2002)
Gene Hackman (2003)
Michael Douglas (2004)
Robin Williams (2005)
Anthony Hopkins (2006)
Warren Beatty (2007)
Steven Spielberg (2009)
Martin Scorsese (2010)
Robert De Niro (2011)
Morgan Freeman (2012)
Jodie Foster (2013)
Woody Allen (2014)
George Clooney (2015)
Denzel Washington (2016)
Meryl Streep (2017)












v
t
e


Drama League's Distinguished Performance Award






Katharine Cornell (1935)
Helen Hayes (1936)
Maurice Evans (1937)
Cedric Hardwicke (1938)
Raymond Massey (1939)
Paul Muni (1940)
Paul Lukas (1941)
Judith Evelyn (1942)
Alfred Lunt (1943)
Lynn Fontanne (1944)
Mady Christians (1945)
Louis Calhern (1946)
Ingrid Bergman (1947)
Judith Anderson (1948)
Robert Morley (1949)
Grace George (1950)
Claude Rains (1951)
Julie Harris (1952)
Shirley Booth (1953)
Josephine Hull (1954)
Viveca Lindfors (1955)
David Wayne (1956)
Eli Wallach (1957)
Ralph Bellamy (1958)
Cyril Ritchard (1959)
Jessica Tandy (1960)
Hume Cronyn (1961)
Paul Scofield (1962)
Charles Boyer (1963)
Alec Guinness (1964)
John Gielgud (1965)
Richard Kiley (1966)
Rosemary Harris (1967)
Zoe Caldwell (1968)
Alec McCowen (1969)
James Stewart (1970)
Anthony Quayle (1971)
Eileen Atkins / Claire Bloom (1972)
Alan Bates (1973)
Christopher Plummer (1974)
John Wood (1975)
Eva Le Gallienne (1976)
Tom Courtenay (1977)
Frank Langella (1978)
Frances Sternhagen (1979)
Roy Scheider (1980)
Ian McKellen (1981)
Milo O'Shea (1982)
Edward Herrmann / Kate Nelligan (1983)
Jeremy Irons (1984)
Derek Jacobi (1985)
Bernadette Peters (1986)
James Earl Jones (1987)
John Lithgow (1988)
Pauline Collins (1989)
Robert Morse (1990)
Stockard Channing (1991)
Glenn Close (1992)
Stephen Rea (1993)
Sam Waterston (1994)
Cherry Jones (1995)
Uta Hagen (1996)
Charles Durning / Bebe Neuwirth (1997)
Brian Stokes Mitchell (1998)
Kathleen Chalfant (1999)
Eileen Heckart (2000)
Mary-Louise Parker / Gary Sinise (2001)
Liam Neeson (2002)
Harvey Fierstein (2003)
Hugh Jackman (2004)
Norbert Leo Butz (2005)
Christine Ebersole (2006)
Liev Schreiber (2007)
Patti LuPone (2008)
Geoffrey Rush (2009)
Alfred Molina (2010)
Mark Rylance (2011)
Audra McDonald (2012)
Nathan Lane (2013)
Neil Patrick Harris (2014)
Chita Rivera (2015)
Lin-Manuel Miranda (2016)
Ben Platt (2017)












v
t
e


Film Society of Lincoln Center Gala Tribute Honorees






Charlie Chaplin (1972)
Fred Astaire (1973)
Alfred Hitchcock (1974)
Joanne Woodward and Paul Newman (1975)
George Cukor (1978)
Bob Hope (1979)
John Huston (1980)
Barbara Stanwyck (1981)
Billy Wilder (1982)
Laurence Olivier (1983)
Claudette Colbert (1984)
Federico Fellini (1985)
Elizabeth Taylor (1986)
Alec Guinness (1987)
Yves Montand (1988)
Bette Davis (1989)
James Stewart (1990)
Audrey Hepburn (1991)
Gregory Peck (1992)
Jack Lemmon (1993)
Robert Altman (1994)
Shirley MacLaine (1995)
Clint Eastwood (1996)
Sean Connery (1997)
Martin Scorsese (1998)
Mike Nichols (1999)
Al Pacino (2000)
Jane Fonda (2001)
Francis Ford Coppola (2002)
Susan Sarandon (2003)
Michael Caine (2004)
Dustin Hoffman (2005)
Jessica Lange (2006)
Diane Keaton (2007)
Meryl Streep (2008)
Tom Hanks (2009)
Michael Douglas (2010)
Sidney Poitier (2011)
Catherine Deneuve (2012)
Barbra Streisand (2013)
Rob Reiner (2014)
Robert Redford (2015)
Morgan Freeman (2016)
Robert De Niro (2017)












v
t
e


Golden Globe Award for Best Actor – Television Series Drama






Mike Connors (1969)
Peter Graves (1970)
Robert Young (1971)
Peter Falk (1972)
James Stewart (1973)
Telly Savalas (1974)
Robert Blake/Telly Savalas (1975)
Richard Jordan (1976)
Edward Asner (1977)
Michael Moriarty (1978)
Edward Asner (1979)
Richard Chamberlain (1980)
Daniel J. Travanti (1981)
John Forsythe (1982)
John Forsythe (1983)
Tom Selleck (1984)
Don Johnson (1985)
Edward Woodward (1986)
Richard Kiley (1987)
Ron Perlman (1988)
Ken Wahl (1989)
Kyle MacLachlan (1990)
Scott Bakula (1991)
Sam Waterston (1992)
David Caruso (1993)
Dennis Franz (1994)
Jimmy Smits (1995)
David Duchovny (1996)
Anthony Edwards (1997)
Dylan McDermott (1998)
James Gandolfini (1999)
Martin Sheen (2000)
Kiefer Sutherland (2001)
Michael Chiklis (2002)
Anthony LaPaglia (2003)
Ian McShane (2004)
Hugh Laurie (2005)
Hugh Laurie (2006)
Jon Hamm (2007)
Gabriel Byrne (2008)
Michael C. Hall (2009)
Steve Buscemi (2010)
Kelsey Grammer (2011)
Damian Lewis (2012)
Bryan Cranston (2013)
Kevin Spacey (2014)
Jon Hamm (2015)
Billy Bob Thornton (2016)












v
t
e


Hasty Pudding Men of the Year



1967–2000



Bob Hope (1967)
Paul Newman (1968)
Bill Cosby (1969)
Robert Redford (1970)
James Stewart (1971)
Dustin Hoffman (1972)
Jack Lemmon (1973)
Peter Falk (1974)
Warren Beatty (1975)
Robert Blake (1976)
Johnny Carson (1977)
Richard Dreyfuss (1978)
Robert De Niro (1979)
Alan Alda (1980)
John Travolta (1981)
James Cagney (1982)
Steven Spielberg (1983)
Sean Connery (1984)
Bill Murray (1985)
Sylvester Stallone (1986)
Mikhail Baryshnikov (1987)
Steve Martin (1988)
Robin Williams (1989)
Kevin Costner (1990)
Clint Eastwood (1991)
Michael Douglas (1992)
Chevy Chase (1993)
Tom Cruise (1994)
Tom Hanks (1995)
Harrison Ford (1996)
Mel Gibson (1997)
Kevin Kline (1998)
Samuel L. Jackson (1999)
Billy Crystal (2000)





2001–present



Anthony Hopkins (2001)
Bruce Willis (2002)
Martin Scorsese (2003)
Robert Downey Jr. (2004)
Tim Robbins (2005)
Richard Gere (2006)
Ben Stiller (2007)
Christopher Walken (2008)
James Franco (2009)
Justin Timberlake (2010)
Jay Leno (2011)
Jason Segel (2012)
Kiefer Sutherland (2013)
Neil Patrick Harris (2014)
Chris Pratt (2015)
Joseph Gordon-Levitt (2016)
Ryan Reynolds (2017)












v
t
e


Kennedy Center Honorees (1980s)



1980



Leonard Bernstein
James Cagney
Agnes de Mille
Lynn Fontanne
Leontyne Price





1981



Count Basie
Cary Grant
Helen Hayes
Jerome Robbins
Rudolf Serkin





1982



George Abbott
Lillian Gish
Benny Goodman
Gene Kelly
Eugene Ormandy





1983



Katherine Dunham
Elia Kazan
Frank Sinatra
James Stewart
Virgil Thomson





1984



Lena Horne
Danny Kaye
Gian Carlo Menotti
Arthur Miller
Isaac Stern





1985



Merce Cunningham
Irene Dunne
Bob Hope
Alan Jay Lerner & Frederick Loewe
Beverly Sills





1986



Lucille Ball
Hume Cronyn & Jessica Tandy
Yehudi Menuhin
Antony Tudor
Ray Charles





1987



Perry Como
Bette Davis
Sammy Davis Jr.
Nathan Milstein
Alwin Nikolais





1988



Alvin Ailey
George Burns
Myrna Loy
Alexander Schneider
Roger L. Stevens





1989



Harry Belafonte
Claudette Colbert
Alexandra Danilova
Mary Martin
William Schuman








Complete list
1970s
1980s
1990s
2000s
2010s












v
t
e


National Football Foundation Distinguished American Award recipients






1966: Carpenter
1969: MacLeish
1970: Lombardi
1971: Boyden
1972: Holland
1973: No award
1974: Hope
1975: Hesburgh
1976: Van Fleet
1977: Joyce
1978: No award
1979: Galbreath
1980: Russell
1981: Werblin
1982: Silver Anniversary (all honored) – Brown, Davis, Kemp, Ron Kramer, Swink
1983: Hess & Stewart
1984: Nelson
1985: Flynn
1986: Toner
1987: Sewell
1988: Rodgers
1989: Krause
1990: Rozelle
1991: Paterno
1992: Mara
1993: Kazmaier
1994: Bolden
1995: Osborne
1996: Monan, S.J
1997: No award
1998: Roy Kramer
1999: No award
2000: Decio
2001: Frank
2002: Young
2003: Khayat
2004: Casciola
2005: Page
2006: Tillman
2007: Bleier
2008: Pickens
2009: Payne
2010: Brokaw
2011: Roberts
2012: Bodenheimer
2013: Odierno
2014: No award
2015: Byrne, Tew & White
2016: McRaven












v
t
e


Screen Actors Guild Life Achievement Award






1962: Eddie Cantor
1963: Stan Laurel
1965: Bob Hope
1966: Barbara Stanwyck
1967: William Gargan
1968: James Stewart
1969: Edward G. Robinson
1970: Gregory Peck
1971: Charlton Heston
1972: Frank Sinatra
1973: Martha Raye
1974: Walter Pidgeon
1975: Rosalind Russell
1976: Pearl Bailey
1977: James Cagney
1978: Edgar Bergen
1979: Katharine Hepburn
1980: Leon Ames
1982: Danny Kaye
1983: Ralph Bellamy
1984: Iggie Wolfington
1985: Paul Newman and Joanne Woodward
1986: Nanette Fabray
1987: Red Skelton
1988: Gene Kelly
1989: Jack Lemmon
1990: Brock Peters
1991: Burt Lancaster
1992: Audrey Hepburn
1993: Ricardo Montalbán
1994: George Burns
1995: Robert Redford
1996: Angela Lansbury
1997: Elizabeth Taylor
1998: Kirk Douglas
1999: Sidney Poitier
2000: Ossie Davis and Ruby Dee
2001: Ed Asner
2002: Clint Eastwood
2003: Karl Malden
2004: James Garner
2005: Shirley Temple
2006: Julie Andrews
2007: Charles Durning
2008: James Earl Jones
2009: Betty White
2010: Ernest Borgnine
2011: Mary Tyler Moore
2012: Dick Van Dyke
2013: Rita Moreno
2014: Debbie Reynolds
2015: Carol Burnett
2016: Lily Tomlin












v
t
e


Volpi Cup for Best Actor



1934–1968



Wallace Beery (1934)
Pierre Blanchar (1935)
Paul Muni (1936)
Emil Jannings (1937)
Leslie Howard (1938)
Ermete Zacconi (1941)
Fosco Giachetti (1942)
Pierre Fresnay (1947)
Ernst Deutsch (1948)
Joseph Cotten (1949)
Sam Jaffe (1950)
Jean Gabin (1951)
Fredric March (1952)
Henri Vilbert (1953)
Jean Gabin (1954)
Curd Jürgens/Kenneth More (1955)
Bourvil (1956)
Anthony Franciosa (1957)
Alec Guinness (1958)
James Stewart (1959)
John Mills (1960)
Toshiro Mifune (1961)
Burt Lancaster (1962)
Albert Finney (1963)
Tom Courtenay (1964)
Toshiro Mifune (1965)
Jacques Perrin (1966)
Ljubiša Samardžić (1967)
John Marley (1968)





1983–2000



Guy Boyd/George Dzundza/David Alan Grier/Mitchell Lichtenstein/Matthew Modine/Michael Wright (1983)
Naseeruddin Shah (1984)
Gérard Depardieu (1985)
Carlo Delle Piane (1986)
Hugh Grant/James Wilby (1987)
Don Ameche/Joe Mantegna (1988)
Marcello Mastroianni/Massimo Troisi (1989)
Oleg Borisov (1990)
River Phoenix (1991)
Jack Lemmon (1992)
Fabrizio Bentivoglio/Marcello Mastroianni (1993)
Xia Yu/Roberto Citran (1994)
Götz George/Ian Hart (1995)
Liam Neeson/Chris Penn (1996)
Wesley Snipes (1997)
Sean Penn (1998)
Jim Broadbent (1999)
Javier Bardem (2000)





2001–present



Luigi Lo Cascio (2001)
Stefano Accorsi (2002)
Sean Penn (2003)
Javier Bardem (2004)
David Strathairn (2005)
Ben Affleck (2006)
Brad Pitt (2007)
Silvio Orlando (2008)
Colin Firth (2009)
Vincent Gallo (2010)
Michael Fassbender (2011)
Philip Seymour Hoffman/Joaquin Phoenix (2012)
Themis Panou (2013)
Adam Driver (2014)
Fabrice Luchini (2015)
Oscar Martínez (2016)














Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 116340765
LCCN: n84018652
ISNI: 0000 0001 2103 9797
GND: 118618059
SUDOC: 030959527
BNF: cb12227146g (data)
MusicBrainz: 50337821-531b-4604-8c9e-f4da2e9ab892
BNE: XX1060008
IATH: w6vq36h5










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=James_Stewart&oldid=792183715"					
Categories: Indiana County, Pennsylvania1908 births1997 deaths20th-century American male actors20th-century American poets20th-century PresbyteriansAcademy Honorary Award recipientsAmerican male film actorsAmerican male poetsAmerican male radio actorsAmerican male stage actorsAmerican male television actorsAmerican male voice actorsAmerican male writersAmerican military personnel of the Vietnam WarAmerican military personnel of World War IIAmerican people of Scottish descentAmerican PresbyteriansBest Actor Academy Award winnersBest Drama Actor Golden Globe (television) winnersBroadway theatre peopleBurials at Forest Lawn Memorial Park (Glendale)California RepublicansCecil B. DeMille Award Golden Globe winnersDeaths from pulmonary embolismDisease-related deaths in CaliforniaKennedy Center honoreesMale actors from Beverly Hills, CaliforniaMale actors from PennsylvaniaMale Western (genre) film actorsMercersburg Academy alumniMetro-Goldwyn-Mayer contract playersPennsylvania RepublicansPeople from Indiana, PennsylvaniaPresidential Medal of Freedom recipientsPrinceton University alumniRCA Victor artistsRecipients of the Air MedalRecipients of the Croix de guerre 1939–1945 (France)Recipients of the Distinguished Flying Cross (United States)Recipients of the Distinguished Service Medal (United States)Screen Actors Guild Life Achievement AwardSilver Bear for Best Actor winnersUnited States Air Force generalsUnited States Army Air Forces officersUnited States Army Air Forces pilots of World War IIVolpi Cup winnersCommercial aviatorsHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksArticles with hCardsAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from February 2012Wikipedia external links cleanup from May 2012Wikipedia spam cleanup from May 2012Articles with IBDb linksWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiersWikipedia articles with MusicBrainz identifiersWikipedia articles with SNAC-ID identifiersArticles containing video clips 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquote 



Languages


العربيةAragonésAsturianuAzərbaycancaБашҡортсаBislamaБългарскиBosanskiCatalàČeštinaCorsuCymraegDanskDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoEuskaraفارسیFrançaisFryskGaeilgeGàidhligGalego한국어ՀայերենHrvatskiIdoIlokanoBahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתქართულიLatinaLatviešuLëtzebuergeschLietuviųMagyarМакедонскиMalagasyമലയാളംმარგალურიمصرىNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålOccitanPlattdüütschPolskiPortuguêsRomânăRuna SimiРусскийScotsShqipSimple EnglishSlovenčinaکوردیСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaTagalogதமிழ்ไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаTiếng ViệtWinarayYorùbá粵語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 25 July 2017, at 00:07.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









James Stewart - Wikipedia






















 






James Stewart

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

"Jimmy Stewart" and "Jimmy Stuart" redirect here. For other uses, see Jimmy Stewart (disambiguation), Jimmy Stuart (disambiguation), and James Stewart (disambiguation).


James Stewart



Stewart in 1948



Born
James Maitland Stewart
(1908-05-20)May 20, 1908
Indiana, Pennsylvania, U.S.


Died
July 2, 1997(1997-07-02) (aged 89)
Beverly Hills, California, U.S.


Cause of death
Pulmonary embolism[1]


Resting place
Forest Lawn, Glendale, California


Other names
Jimmy Stewart


Alma mater
Princeton University (B.A., 1932)


Occupation
Actor, Military officer


Years active
1932–1991


Known for
First American movie star to enlist in World War II[2][N 1]


Notable work
Mr. Smith Goes to Washington, The Philadelphia Story, It's a Wonderful Life, Rear Window, Vertigo, The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance


Political party
Republican


Spouse(s)
Gloria Hatrick McLean (m. 1949; d. 1994)


Children
4 (including two stepchildren)


Awards
Academy Lifetime Achievement (1985)
Academy Award for Best Actor (1941)
Golden Globe Cecil B. DeMille Award (1965)
Golden Globe Award for Best Actor – Television Series Drama (1974)


James Maitland "Jimmy" Stewart (May 20, 1908 – July 2, 1997) was an American actor and military officer who is among the most honored and popular stars in film history. A major Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer contract player, Stewart was known for his distinctive drawl and down-to-earth persona, which helped him often portray American middle-class men struggling in crisis. Many of the films he starred in have become enduring classics.
Stewart was nominated for five Academy Awards, winning one in competition for The Philadelphia Story (1940), and received an Academy Lifetime Achievement award in 1985. In 1999, Stewart was named the third greatest male screen legend of the Golden Age of Hollywood by the American Film Institute, behind Humphrey Bogart and Cary Grant.[3] The American Film Institute has also named five of Stewart's films to its list of the 100 best American films ever made.[4]
He also had a noted military career and was a World War II and Vietnam War veteran and pilot, who rose to the rank of Brigadier General in the United States Air Force Reserve, becoming the highest-ranking actor in military history.[5]



Contents


1 Early life and career
2 Pre-war success
3 Military service
4 Postwar career
5 Collaborations with Hitchcock and Mann

5.1 Career in the 1960s and 1970s


6 Last years and later career
7 Personal life

7.1 Politics


8 Death
9 Filmography
10 Broadway performances
11 Radio appearances
12 Legacy
13 Honors and tributes
14 See also
15 References

15.1 Notes
15.2 Citations
15.3 Bibliography


16 External links



Early life and career[edit]




After the Thin Man (1936)


Stewart was born on May 20, 1908, in Indiana, Pennsylvania, the son of Elizabeth Ruth (née Jackson; March 16, 1875 – August 2, 1953) and Alexander Maitland Stewart (May 19, 1871 – December 28, 1961), who owned a hardware store.[6][7] Stewart was mainly of Scottish ancestry and was raised as a Presbyterian.[8][9][10] He was descended from veterans of the American Revolution, the War of 1812, and the American Civil War.[10] The eldest of three children (he had two younger sisters, Virginia and Mary), he was expected to continue his father's business, which had been in the family for three generations. His mother was an excellent pianist but his father discouraged Stewart's request for lessons. When his father accepted a gift of an accordion from a guest, young Stewart quickly learned to play the instrument, which became a fixture offstage during his acting career. As the family grew, music continued to be an important part of family life.[11]
Stewart attended Mercersburg Academy prep school, graduating in 1928. He was active in a variety of activities. He played on the football and track teams, was art editor of the KARUX yearbook, and a member of the choir club, glee club, and John Marshall Literary Society. During his first summer break, Stewart returned to his hometown to work as a brick loader for a local construction company and on highway and road construction jobs where he painted lines on the roads. Over the following two summers, he took a job as an assistant with a professional magician.[12] He made his first appearance onstage at Mercersburg, as Buquet in the play The Wolves.[13]
A shy child, Stewart spent much of his after-school time in the basement working on model airplanes, mechanical drawing and chemistry—all with a dream of going into aviation. It was a dream greatly enhanced by the legendary 1927 flight of Charles Lindbergh, whose progress 19-year-old Stewart, then stricken with scarlet fever, was himself avidly following from home; thus foreshadowing his starring movie role as Lindbergh 30 years later.[14]
However, he abandoned visions of being a pilot when his father insisted that instead of the United States Naval Academy he attend Princeton University. Stewart enrolled at Princeton in 1928 as a member of the class of 1932. He excelled at studying architecture, so impressing his professors with his thesis on an airport design that he was awarded a scholarship for graduate studies;[12] but he gradually became attracted to the school's drama and music clubs, including the Princeton Triangle Club.[15] His acting and accordion talents at Princeton led him to be invited to the University Players, an intercollegiate summer stock company in West Falmouth, Massachusetts, on Cape Cod. The company had been organized in 1928 and would run until 1932, with Joshua Logan, Bretaigne Windust and Charles Leatherbee as directors. Stewart performed in bit parts in the Players' productions in Cape Cod during the summer of 1932, after he graduated.
The troupe had previously included Henry Fonda and Margaret Sullavan. Stewart and Fonda became close friends over the summer of 1932 when they shared an apartment with Joshua Logan and Myron McCormick.[16] When Stewart came to New York at the end of the summer stock season, which had included the Broadway tryout of Goodbye Again, he shared an apartment with Fonda, who had by then finalized his divorce from Sullavan. Along with fellow University Players Alfred Dalrymple and Myron McCormick, Stewart debuted on Broadway in the brief run of Carry Nation and a few weeks later – again with McCormick and Dalrymple – as a chauffeur in the comedy Goodbye Again, in which he had two lines. The New Yorker commented, "Mr. James Stewart's chauffeur... comes on for three minutes and walks off to a round of spontaneous applause."[17]




Al Hirschfeld drawing from Yellow Jack (Stewart, upper-left)


The play was a moderate success, but times were hard. Many Broadway theaters had been converted to movie houses and the Depression was reaching bottom. "From 1932 through 1934", Stewart later recalled, "I'd only worked three months. Every play I got into folded."[18] By 1934, he was given more substantial stage roles, including the modest hit Page Miss Glory and his first dramatic stage role in Sidney Howard's Yellow Jack, which convinced him to continue his acting career. However, Stewart and Fonda, still roommates, were both struggling. In the fall of 1934, Fonda's success in The Farmer Takes a Wife took him to Hollywood. Finally, Stewart attracted the interest of MGM scout Bill Grady who saw Stewart on the opening night of Divided by Three, a glittering première with many luminaries in attendance, including Irving Berlin, Moss Hart and Fonda, who had returned to New York for the show. With Fonda's encouragement, Stewart agreed to take a screen test, after which he signed a contract with MGM in April 1935, as a contract player for up to seven years at $350 a week.[19]




Stewart made four features with Margaret Sullavan, the second of which was The Shopworn Angel (1938)


Upon Stewart's arrival by train in Los Angeles, Fonda greeted him at the station and took him to Fonda's studio-supplied lodging, next door to Greta Garbo. Stewart's first job at the studio was as a participant in screen tests with newly arrived starlets. At first, he had trouble being cast in Hollywood films owing to his gangling looks and shy, humble screen presence. Aside from an unbilled appearance in a Shemp Howard comedy short called Art Trouble in 1934, his first film was the poorly received Spencer Tracy vehicle, The Murder Man (1935). Rose Marie (1936), an adaptation of a popular operetta, was more successful. After having mixed success in films, he received his first intensely dramatic role in 1936's After the Thin Man, and played Jean Harlow's character's frustrated boyfriend in the Clark Gable vehicle Wife vs. Secretary earlier that same year.
On the romantic front, he dated newly divorced Ginger Rogers.[20] The romance soon cooled, however, and by chance Stewart encountered Margaret Sullavan again. Stewart found his footing in Hollywood thanks largely to Sullavan, who campaigned for Stewart to be her leading man in the 1936 romantic comedy Next Time We Love. She rehearsed extensively with him, having a noticeable effect on his confidence. She encouraged Stewart to feel comfortable with his unique mannerisms and boyish charm and use them naturally as his own style. Stewart was enjoying Hollywood life and had no regrets about giving up the stage, as he worked six days a week in the MGM factory.[21] In 1936, he acquired big-time agent Leland Hayward, who would eventually marry Sullavan. Hayward started to chart Stewart's career, deciding that the best path for him was through loan-outs to other studios.
Pre-war success[edit]




Frank Capra's comedy You Can't Take It With You (1938) was one of the films that brought Stewart widespread attention


In 1938 Stewart had a brief, tumultuous romance with Hollywood queen Norma Shearer, whose husband, Irving Thalberg, head of production at MGM, had died two years earlier. Stewart began a successful partnership with director Frank Capra in 1938, when he was loaned out to Columbia Pictures to star in You Can't Take It With You. Capra had been impressed by Stewart's minor role in Navy Blue and Gold (1937). The director had recently completed several well received films, including It Happened One Night (1934), and was looking for the right actor to suit his needs—other recent actors in Capra's films such as Clark Gable, Ronald Colman, and Gary Cooper did not quite fit. Not only was Stewart just what he was looking for, but Capra also found Stewart understood that prototype intuitively and required very little directing. Later Capra commented, "I think he's probably the best actor who's ever hit the screen."[22]
You Can't Take It With You, starring Capra's "favorite actress", comedian Jean Arthur, won the 1938 Best Picture Academy Award. The following year saw Stewart work with Capra and Arthur again in the political comedy-drama Mr. Smith Goes to Washington. Stewart replaced intended star Gary Cooper in the film, playing an idealist thrown into the political arena. Upon its October 1939 release, the film garnered critical praise and became a box-office success. Stewart received the first of five Academy Award nominations for Best Actor. Stewart's father was still trying to talk him into leaving Hollywood and its sinful ways and to return to his home town to lead a decent life. Stewart took a secret trip to Europe to take a break and returned home in 1939 just as Germany invaded Poland.[22]


You hear so much about the old movie moguls and the impersonal factories where there is no freedom. MGM was a wonderful place where decisions were made on my behalf by my superiors. What's wrong with that?

James Stewart, The Leading Men of MGM[23]
Destry Rides Again, also released in 1939, became Stewart's first western film, a genre with which he would become identified later in his career. In this western parody, he is a pacifist lawman and Marlene Dietrich is the dancing saloon girl who comes to love him, but does not get him. Off-screen, Dietrich did get her man, but the romance was short-lived.[24] Made for Each Other (1939) had Stewart sharing the screen with Carole Lombard in a melodrama that garnered good reviews for both stars, but did less well with the public. Newsweek wrote that they were "perfectly cast in the leading roles".[25] Between movies, Stewart began a radio career and became a distinctive voice on the Lux Radio Theater's The Screen Guild Theater and other shows. So well-known had his slow drawl become that comedians began impersonating him.[26]
In 1940 Stewart and Sullavan reunited for two films. The first, the Ernst Lubitsch romantic comedy, The Shop Around the Corner, starred them as co-workers unknowingly involved in a pen-pal romance but who cannot stand each other in real life. It was Stewart's fifth film of the year and one of the rare ones shot in sequence; it was completed in only 27 days.[27] The Mortal Storm, directed by Frank Borzage, was one of the first blatantly anti-Nazi films to be produced in Hollywood and featured Sullavan and Stewart as friends and then lovers caught in turmoil upon Hitler's rise to power, literally hunted down by their own friends.




Stewart won his only Academy Award for Best Actor for 1940's The Philadelphia Story. He is seen here with co-star Katharine Hepburn


Stewart also starred with Cary Grant and Katharine Hepburn in George Cukor's classic The Philadelphia Story (1940). His performance as an intrusive, fast-talking reporter earned him his only Academy Award in a competitive category (Best Actor, 1941); he beat out his good friend Henry Fonda (The Grapes of Wrath). Stewart thought his performance "entertaining and slick and smooth" but lacking the "guts" of "Mr. Smith".[28] Stewart gave the Oscar statuette to his father, who displayed it for many years in a case inside the front door of his hardware store, alongside other family awards and military medals.
During the months before he began military service, Stewart appeared in a series of screwball comedies with varying levels of success. He followed No Time for Comedy (1940) with Rosalind Russell and Come Live with Me (1941) with Hedy Lamarr with the Judy Garland musical Ziegfeld Girl and the George Marshall romantic comedy Pot o' Gold, featuring Paulette Goddard. Stewart was drafted in late 1940, a situation that coincided with the lapse in his MGM contract, marking a turning point in Stewart's career, with 28 movies to his credit at that point.[29]
Military service[edit]


James Stewart



Stewart receiving the French Croix de Guerre with Palm in 1944



Nickname(s)
Jimmy


Place of burial
Glendale, California


Allegiance
United States of America


Service/branch
United States Army Air Forces


Years of service
1941–1968


Rank
Brigadier General


Battles/wars

World War II

European Theater of Operations

Vietnam War


See also: List of awards and nominations received by James Stewart
Stewart's family on both sides had deep military roots, as both grandfathers had fought in the Civil War,[10] and his father had served during both the Spanish–American War and World War I. Stewart considered his father to be the biggest influence on his life, so it was not surprising that, when another war came, he too was willing to serve. Members of his family had previously been in the infantry, but Stewart chose to become a flier.[30]
An early interest in flying led Stewart to gain his Private Pilot certificate in 1935 and Commercial Pilot certificate in 1938. He often flew cross-country to visit his parents in Pennsylvania, navigating by the railroad tracks.[12] Nearly two years before the December 1941 attack on Pearl Harbor, Stewart had accumulated over 400 hours of flying time.[31]
Considered a highly proficient pilot, he entered a cross-country race as a co-pilot in 1939.[32] Stewart, along with musician/composer Hoagy Carmichael, saw the need for trained war pilots, and joined with other Hollywood celebrities to invest in Thunderbird Field, a pilot-training school built and operated by Southwest Airways in Glendale, Arizona. This airfield became part of the United States Army Air Forces training establishment and trained more than 10,000 pilots during World War II.[33]
In October 1940, Stewart was drafted into the United States Army but was rejected for failing to meet the weight requirements for his height for new recruits—Stewart was 2.3 kg (5 lb) under the standard. To get up to 65 kg (143 lb), he sought out the help of Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer's muscle man and trainer Don Loomis, who was noted for his ability to help people add or subtract weight in his studio gymnasium. Stewart subsequently attempted to enlist in the Air Corps, but still came in underweight, although he persuaded the enlistment officer to run new tests, this time passing the weigh-in,[34][N 2] with the result that Stewart enlisted and was inducted in the Army on March 22, 1941. He became the first major American movie star to wear a military uniform in World War II.[2]
Stewart enlisted as a private[12][35] but applied for an Air Corps commission and Service Pilot rating as both a college graduate and a licensed commercial pilot. Soon to be 33, he was almost six years beyond the maximum age restriction for Aviation Cadet training, the normal path of commissioning for pilots, navigators and bombardiers. The now-obsolete auxiliary pilot ratings (Glider Pilot, Liaison Pilot and Service Pilot) differed from the Aviation Cadet Program in that a higher maximum age limit and corrected vision were allowed upon initial entry. Stewart received his commission as a second lieutenant on January 1, 1942,[36] shortly after the attack on Pearl Harbor, while a corporal at Moffett Field, California. He received his Service Pilot rating at that time, under the Service Pilot program established in March 1942 for experienced former civilian pilots. Although Service Pilots were normally restricted to noncombat flying, they were permitted to fly overseas on cargo and utility transports, typically with Air Transport, Ferry or Troop Carrier Commands. Under the regulations of the period, a Service Pilot could obtain an unrestricted Pilot rating after one year of USAAF service on flying status, provided he met certain flight experience requirements and passed an evaluation board, and some did in fact go on to combat flying assignments.[37] Stewart's first assignment was an appearance at a March of Dimes rally in Washington, D.C., but Stewart wanted assignment to an operational unit rather than serving as a recruiting symbol. He applied for and was granted advanced training on multi-engine aircraft. Stewart was posted to nearby Mather Field to instruct in both single- and twin-engine aircraft.[35][38]


Play media


James Stewart in Winning Your Wings (1942)


Public appearances by Stewart were limited engagements scheduled by the Army Air Forces. "Stewart appeared several times on network radio with Edgar Bergen and Charlie McCarthy. Shortly after Pearl Harbor, he performed with Orson Welles, Edward G. Robinson, Walter Huston and Lionel Barrymore in an all-network radio program called We Hold These Truths, dedicated to the 150th anniversary of the Bill of Rights."[39] In early 1942, Stewart was asked to appear in a film to help recruit the 100,000 airmen the USAAF anticipated it would need to win the war. The USAAF's First Motion Picture Unit shot scenes of Lieutenant Stewart in his pilot's flight jacket and recorded his voice for narration. The short recruitment film Winning Your Wings appeared in movie theaters nationwide beginning in late May and was very successful, resulting in 150,000 new recruits.[40][41]
Stewart was concerned that his expertise and celebrity status would relegate him to instructor duties "behind the lines".[42] His fears were confirmed when, after his promotion to first lieutenant on July 7, 1942,[43] he was stationed from August to December 1942 at Kirtland Army Airfield in Albuquerque, New Mexico, piloting AT-11 Kansans used in training bombardiers. He was transferred to Hobbs Army Airfield, New Mexico, for three months of transition training in the four-engine B-17 Flying Fortress, then sent to the Combat Crew Processing Center in Salt Lake City, where he expected to be assigned to a combat unit. Instead, he was assigned in early 1943 to an operational training unit, the 29th Bombardment Group at Gowen Field, Boise, Idaho, as an instructor.[35] He was promoted to captain on July 9, 1943,[43] and appointed a squadron commander.[38] To Stewart, now 35, combat duty seemed far away and unreachable, and he had no clear plans for the future. However, a rumor that Stewart would be taken off flying status and assigned to making training films or selling bonds called for immediate action, because what he dreaded most was "the hope-shattering spectre of a dead end".[44] Stewart appealed to his commander, 30-year-old Lt. Col. Walter E. Arnold Jr., who understood his situation and recommended Stewart to the commander of the 445th Bombardment Group, a B-24 Liberator unit that had just completed initial training at Gowen Field and gone on to final training at Sioux City Army Air Base, Iowa.[45][N 3]




World War II bomber pilot in 1943


In August 1943, Stewart was assigned to the 445th Bomb Group as operations officer of the 703d Bombardment Squadron, but after three weeks became its commander. On October 12, 1943, judged ready to go overseas, the 445th Bomb Group staged to Lincoln Army Airfield, Nebraska. Flying individually, the aircraft first flew to Morrison Army Airfield, Florida, and then on the circuitous Southern Route along the coasts of South America and Africa to RAF Tibenham, Norfolk, England. After several weeks of training missions, in which Stewart flew with most of his combat crews, the group flew its first combat mission on December 13, 1943, to bomb the U-boat facilities at Kiel, Germany, followed three days later by a mission to Bremen. Stewart led the high squadron of the group formation on the first mission, and the entire group on the second.[47] Following a mission to Ludwigshafen, Germany, on January 7, 1944, Stewart was promoted to major.[47][N 4] Stewart was awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross for actions as deputy commander of the 2nd Combat Bombardment Wing on the first day of "Big Week" operations in February and flew two other missions that week.[49]
On March 22, 1944, Stewart flew his 12th combat mission, leading the 2nd Bomb Wing in an attack on Berlin. On March 30, 1944, he was sent to RAF Old Buckenham to become group operations officer of the 453rd Bombardment Group, a new B-24 unit that had just lost both its commander and operations officer on missions.[50] To inspire the unit, Stewart flew as command pilot in the lead B-24 on several missions deep into Nazi-occupied Europe. As a staff officer, Stewart was assigned to the 453rd "for the duration" and thus not subject to a quota of missions of a combat tour. He nevertheless assigned himself as a combat crewman on the group's missions until his promotion to lieutenant colonel on June 3[43] and reassignment on July 1, 1944, to the 2nd Bomb Wing, assigned as executive officer to Brigadier General Edward J. Timberlake. His official tally of mission credits while assigned to the 445th and 453rd Bomb Groups was 20 sorties.
Stewart continued to go on missions uncredited, flying with the pathfinder squadron of the 389th Bombardment Group, with his two former groups and with groups of the 20th Combat Bomb Wing.[51] He received a second award of the Distinguished Flying Cross for actions in combat and was awarded the French Croix de Guerre. He also was awarded the Air Medal with three oak leaf clusters.
Stewart served in a number of staff positions in the 2nd and 20th Bomb Wings between July 1944 and the end of the war in Europe, and was promoted to full colonel on March 29, 1945.[43][52]
On May 10, 1945, he succeeded to command of the 2nd Bomb Wing, a position he held until June 15.[53] Stewart was one of the few Americans to ever rise from private to colonel in only four years during the Second World War.[12][35]
At the beginning of June 1945, Stewart was the presiding officer of the court-martial of a pilot and navigator who were charged with dereliction of duty for having accidentally bombed the Swiss city of Zurich the previous March—the first instance of U.S. personnel being tried for an attack on a neutral country. The court acquitted the defendants.[54]
Stewart continued to play a role in the Army Air Forces Reserve following World War II and the new United States Air Force Reserve after the official establishment of the Air Force as an independent service in 1947.
Stewart received permanent promotion to colonel in 1953 and served as Air Force Reserve commander of Dobbins Air Force Base, Georgia, the present day Dobbins Air Reserve Base.[43][55] He was also one of the 12 founders and a charter member of the Air Force Association in October 1945. Stewart rarely spoke about his wartime service, but did appear in January 1974 in an episode of the TV series The World At War, "Whirlwind: Bombing Germany (September 1939 – April 1944)", commenting on the disastrous mission of October 14, 1943, against Schweinfurt, Germany. At his request, he was identified only as "James Stewart, Squadron Commander" in the documentary.[56][57]
On July 23, 1959, Stewart was promoted to brigadier general. During his active duty periods, he remained current as a pilot of Convair B-36 Peacemaker, Boeing B-47 Stratojet and Boeing B-52 Stratofortress intercontinental bombers of the Strategic Air Command.[58]
On February 20, 1966, Brigadier General Stewart flew as a non-duty observer in a B-52 on an Arc Light bombing mission during the Vietnam War. He refused the release of any publicity regarding his participation, as he did not want it treated as a stunt, but as part of his job as an officer in the Air Force Reserve.
After 27 years of service, Stewart retired from the Air Force on May 31, 1968.[59]
Stewart received a number of awards during his military service and upon his retirement was awarded the United States Air Force Distinguished Service Medal.
Postwar career[edit]
After the war, Stewart took time off to reassess his career.[60] He was an early investor in Southwest Airways, founded by Leland Hayward, and considered going into the aviation industry if his restarted film career did not prosper.[61] Upon Stewart's return to Hollywood in fall 1945, he decided not to renew his MGM contract. He signed with the MCA talent agency. His former agent Leland Hayward got out of the talent business in 1944 after selling his A-list of stars, including Stewart, to MCA.[62]




As George Bailey, with guardian angel Clarence, in It's a Wonderful Life (1946). Stewart was Oscar-nominated for the performance, and the film is widely considered a Christmas classic


For his first film in five years, Stewart appeared in his third and final Frank Capra production, It's a Wonderful Life.[63][N 5] The role was Stewart's first since returning from service in World War II, during which he experienced what is now recognized as post-traumatic stress disorder. Author Robert Matzen wrote that the movie provided an outlet for Stewart's raw feelings. He wrote that he did not think Stewart "had that kind of capacity before the war. It enabled him to be ferocious and to have that raw emotion.[64] Capra paid RKO for the rights to the story and formed his own production company, Liberty Films. The female lead went to Donna Reed when Capra's perennial first choice, Jean Arthur, was unavailable, and after Ginger Rogers, Olivia de Havilland, Ann Dvorak, and Martha Scott had all turned down the role.[65] Stewart appeared as George Bailey, an upstanding small-town man who becomes increasingly frustrated by his ordinary existence and financial troubles. Driven to suicide on Christmas Eve, he is led to reassess his life by Clarence Odbody,[66] an "angel, second class" played by Henry Travers.
Although It's a Wonderful Life was nominated for five Academy Awards, including Stewart's third Best Actor nomination, it received mixed reviews and only disappointingly moderate success at the box office.[67] However, in the decades since the film's release, it grew to define Stewart's film persona and is widely considered as a sentimental Christmas film classic and, according to the American Film Institute, one of the 100 best American movies ever made. In an interview with Michael Parkinson in 1973, Stewart declared that out of all the movies he had made, It's a Wonderful Life was his favorite. After viewing the film, President Harry S. Truman concluded, "If Bess and I had a son we'd want him to be just like Jimmy Stewart."[68] In the aftermath of the film, Capra's production company went into bankruptcy, while Stewart started to have doubts about his ability to act after his military hiatus.[69] His father kept insisting he come home and marry a local girl. Meanwhile, in Hollywood, his generation of actors were fading and a new wave of actors would soon remake the town, including Marlon Brando, Montgomery Clift and James Dean.[70]







Magic Town (1947), a comedy film directed by William A. Wellman, starring James Stewart and Jane Wyman, was one of the first films about the then-new science of public opinion polling. It was poorly received. He completed Rope (1948) directed by Alfred Hitchcock and Call Northside 777 (1948), and weathered two box-office disappointments with On Our Merry Way (1948), a comedic musical ensemble in which Stewart and Henry Fonda were paired as two jazz musicians, and You Gotta Stay Happy (1949), for which the posters depicted Stewart being kissed on one cheek by Joan Fontaine and on the other by a chimpanzee. In the documentary film James Stewart: A Wonderful Life (1987), hosted by Johnny Carson, Stewart said that he went back to Westerns in 1950 in part because of the string of flops.
He returned to the stage to star in Mary Coyle Chase's Harvey, which had opened to nearly universal praise in November 1944,[71] as Elwood P. Dowd, a wealthy eccentric living with his sister and niece, and whose best friend is an invisible rabbit as large as a man. Dowd's eccentricity, especially the friendship with the rabbit, is ruining the niece's hopes of finding a husband. While trying to have Dowd committed to a sanatorium, his sister is committed herself while the play follows Dowd on an ordinary day in his not-so-ordinary life. Stewart took over the role from Frank Fay and gained an increased Broadway following in the unconventional play.[71] The play, which ran for nearly three years with Stewart as its star, was successfully adapted into a 1950 film, directed by Henry Koster, with Stewart reprising his role and Josephine Hull portraying his sister. Bing Crosby was the first choice, but he declined.[72] Stewart received his fourth Best Actor nomination for his performance. Stewart also played the role on Broadway in 1970, which was shot on videotape for NBC as part of the Hallmark Hall of Fame series in 1972, and on the London stage in 1975.
After Harvey, the World War II film Malaya (1949) with Spencer Tracy, and the conventional but highly successful biographical film The Stratton Story in 1949, Stewart's first pairing with "on-screen wife" June Allyson, his career took another turn.[73] During the 1950s, he expanded into the Western and suspense genres, thanks to collaborations with Alfred Hitchcock and Anthony Mann.
Other performances by Stewart during this time include the critically acclaimed 1950 Delmer Daves Western Broken Arrow, which featured Stewart as an ex-soldier and Indian agent making peace with the Apache; a troubled clown in the 1952 Best Picture The Greatest Show on Earth; and Stewart's role as Charles Lindbergh in Billy Wilder's 1957 The Spirit of St. Louis. He also starred in the Western radio show The Six Shooter for its one-season run from 1953 to 1954. During this time, Stewart wore the same cowboy hat and rode the same horse, "Pie", in most of his Westerns.[74][75]
Cary Grant said of Stewart's acting technique:

He had the ability to talk naturally. He knew that in conversations people do often interrupt one another and it's not always so easy to get a thought out. It took a little time for the sound men to get used to him, but he had an enormous impact. And then, some years later, Marlon came out and did the same thing all over again—but what people forget is that Jimmy did it first.[76]

Collaborations with Hitchcock and Mann[edit]
In Stewart's collaborations with director Anthony Mann, he entered the realm of the western. Stewart's first appearance in a film directed by Mann came with the 1950 western, Winchester '73. In choosing Mann (after first choice Fritz Lang declined), Stewart cemented a powerful partnership.[77] The film, which became a box-office hit upon its release, set the pattern for their future collaborations. In it, Stewart is a tough, revengeful sharpshooter, the winner of a prized rifle which is stolen and then passes through many hands, until the showdown between Stewart and his brother (Stephen McNally).[77]




Stewart made eight films for director Anthony Mann. Five of them were Westerns, including The Naked Spur (1953).


Other Stewart–Mann westerns, such as Bend of the River (1952), The Naked Spur (1953), The Far Country (1954) and The Man from Laramie (1955), were perennial favorites among young audiences entranced by the American West. Frequently, the films featured Stewart as a troubled cowboy seeking redemption, while facing corrupt cattlemen, ranchers and outlaws—a man who knows violence first hand and struggles to control it. The Stewart–Mann collaborations laid the foundation for many of the westerns of the 1950s and remain popular today for their grittier, more realistic depiction of the classic movie genre. Audiences saw Stewart's screen persona evolve into a more mature, more ambiguous, and edgier presence.[78]
Stewart and Mann also collaborated on other films outside the western genre. The Glenn Miller Story (1954) was critically acclaimed, garnering Stewart a BAFTA Award nomination, and (together with The Spirit of St. Louis) continued Stewart's portrayals of 'American heroes'. Thunder Bay, released the same year, transplanted the plot arc of their western collaborations to a more contemporary setting, with Stewart as a Louisiana oil driller facing corruption. Strategic Air Command, released in 1955, allowed Stewart to use his experiences in the United States Air Force on film.
Stewart's starring role in Winchester '73 was also a turning point in Hollywood. Universal Studios, who wanted Stewart to appear in both that film and Harvey, balked at his $200,000 asking price. His agent, Lew Wasserman, brokered an alternate deal, in which Stewart would appear in both films for no pay, in exchange for a percentage of the profits as well as cast and director approval.[79] Stewart ended up earning about $600,000 for Winchester '73 alone.[79] Hollywood's other stars quickly capitalized on this new way of doing business, which further undermined the decaying "studio system".[80]
The second collaboration to define Stewart's career in the 1950s was with director Alfred Hitchcock. Like Mann, Hitchcock uncovered new depths to Stewart's acting, showing a protagonist confronting his fears and his repressed desires. Stewart's first movie with Hitchcock was the technologically innovative 1948 film Rope, shot in long "real time" takes.[81]




Rear Window (1954) was one of four films Stewart made with Alfred Hitchcock. Stewart became the highest-grossing star of 1954 as a result.


The two collaborated for the second of four times on the 1954 hit Rear Window, widely considered one of Hitchcock's masterpieces. Stewart portrays photographer L.B. "Jeff" Jeffries, loosely based on Life photographer Robert Capa, who projects his fantasies and fears onto the people he observes out his apartment window while on hiatus due to a broken leg. Jeffries gets into more than he can handle, however, when he believes he has witnessed a salesman (Raymond Burr) commit a murder, and when his glamorous girlfriend (Grace Kelly), at first disdainful of his voyeurism and skeptical about any crime, eventually is drawn in and tries to help solve the mystery. Limited by his wheelchair, Stewart is led by Hitchcock to react to what his character sees with mostly facial responses. It was a landmark year for Stewart, becoming the highest grossing actor of 1954 and the most popular Hollywood star in the world, displacing John Wayne.[82] Hitchcock and Stewart formed a corporation, Patron Inc., to produce the film, which later became the subject of a Supreme Court case Stewart v. Abend (1990).




With Kim Novak in Vertigo, 1958


After starring in Hitchcock's remake of the director's earlier production, The Man Who Knew Too Much (1956), with Doris Day, Stewart starred, with Kim Novak, in what many consider Hitchcock's most personal film, Vertigo (1958).[83] The movie starred Stewart as John "Scottie" Ferguson, a former police investigator suffering from acrophobia, who develops an obsession with a woman he is shadowing. Scottie's obsession inevitably leads to the destruction of everything he once had and believed in. Though the film is widely considered a classic today, Vertigo met with very mixed reviews and poor box-office receipts upon its release, and marked the last collaboration between Stewart and Hitchcock.[84] The director reportedly blamed the film's failure on Stewart looking too old to be Kim Novak's love interest, and cast Cary Grant as Roger Thornhill in North by Northwest (1959), a role Stewart had very much wanted. (Grant was actually four years older than Stewart but photographed much younger.) Today, Vertigo is ranked highest in the 2012 Sight & Sound critics poll for the greatest films ever made, taking the title from long-standing favorite Citizen Kane.[85]
Career in the 1960s and 1970s[edit]




Anatomy of a Murder (1959)


In 1960, Stewart was awarded the New York Film Critics Circle Award for Best Actor and received his fifth and final Academy Award for Best Actor nomination, for his role in the 1959 Otto Preminger film Anatomy of a Murder. This courtroom drama stars Stewart as Paul Biegler, the lawyer of a hot-tempered soldier (played by Ben Gazzara) who claims temporary insanity after murdering a tavern owner who raped his wife. The film featured a career-making performance by George C. Scott as the prosecutor. The film was considered quite explicit for its time, and it was a box-office success.[86] Stewart's nomination was one of seven for the film (Charlton Heston was the winner with Ben-Hur), and saw his transition into the final decades of his career.
On January 1, 1960, Stewart received news of the death of Margaret Sullavan.[87] As a friend, mentor, and focus of his early romantic feelings, she had a unique influence on Stewart's life. On April 17, 1961, longtime friend Gary Cooper was too ill to attend the 33rd Academy Awards ceremony, so Stewart accepted the honorary Oscar on his behalf. Stewart's emotional speech hinted that something was seriously wrong, and the next day newspapers ran the headline, "Gary Cooper has cancer". One month later, on May 13, 1961, six days after his 60th birthday, Cooper died.
In the early 1960s, Stewart took leading roles in three John Ford films, his first work with the director. The first, Two Rode Together, paired him with Richard Widmark in a Western with thematic echoes of Ford's The Searchers. The next, 1962's The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance, Stewart's first picture with John Wayne, is a classic "psychological" western, shot in black and white film noir style featuring powerful use of shadows in the climactic sequence, with Stewart as an Eastern attorney who goes against his non-violent principles when he is forced to confront a psychopathic outlaw (played by Lee Marvin) in a small frontier town. At story's end, Stewart's character — now a rising political figure — faces a difficult ethical choice as he attempts to reconcile his actions with his personal integrity. The film's billing is unusual in that Stewart was given top billing over Wayne in the trailers and on the posters but Wayne was listed above Stewart in the film itself. The complex picture garnered mixed reviews but was an instant hit at the box office and became a critical favorite over the ensuing decades.




How the West Was Won (1962)



How the West Was Won (which Ford co-directed, though without directing Stewart's scenes) and Cheyenne Autumn were western epics released in 1962 and 1964 respectively. One of only a handful of movies filmed in true Cinerama, shot with three cameras and exhibited with three simultaneous projectors in theatres, How the West Was Won went on to win three Oscars and reap massive box-office figures. Cheyenne Autumn, in which a white-suited Stewart played Wyatt Earp in a long semi-comedic sequence in the middle of the movie, failed domestically and was quickly forgotten. The historical drama was Ford's final Western and Stewart's last feature film with Ford. Stewart's entertainingly memorable middle sequence is not directly connected with the rest of the film and was often excised from the lengthy film in later theatrical exhibition prints and some television broadcasts.
Having played his last romantic lead in Bell, Book and Candle (1958), with Kim Novak, and silver-haired (although not all was his—he wore a partial hairpiece starting with It's a Wonderful Life and in every film thereafter), Stewart transitioned into more family-related films in the 1960s when he signed a multi-movie deal with 20th Century Fox. These included the successful Henry Koster outing Mr. Hobbs Takes a Vacation (1962), and the less memorable films Take Her, She's Mine (1963) and Dear Brigitte (1965), which featured French model Brigitte Bardot as the object of Stewart's son's mash notes. The Civil War period film Shenandoah (1965) and the western family film The Rare Breed fared better at the box office; the Civil War movie, with strong antiwar and humanitarian themes, was a hit in the South.[citation needed]




In 1973 TV series Hawkins.


As an aviator, Stewart was particularly interested in aviation films and had pushed to appear in several in the 1950s, including No Highway in the Sky (1951), and Strategic Air Command (1955) and The Spirit of St. Louis (1957). He continued in this vein in the 1960s, in a role as a hard-bitten pilot in The Flight of the Phoenix (1965). Subbing for Stewart, famed stunt pilot and air racer Paul Mantz was killed when he crashed the "Tallmantz Phoenix P-1", the specially made, single-engined movie airplane, in an abortive "touch-and-go". Stewart also narrated the film X-15 in 1961. In 1964, he and several other military aviators, including Curtis LeMay, Paul Tibbets, Bruce Sundlun and Arthur Godfrey, became the founding directors on the board of Executive Jet Aviation Corporation.[88]
After a progression of lesser western films in the late 1960s and early 1970s, Stewart transitioned from cinema to television. In the 1950s he had made guest appearances on the Jack Benny Program. Stewart first starred in the NBC comedy The Jimmy Stewart Show, on which he played a college professor. He followed it with the CBS mystery Hawkins, in which he played a small town lawyer investigating cases, similar to his character in Anatomy of a Murder. The series garnered Stewart a Golden Globe for Best Actor in a Dramatic TV Series, but failed to gain a wide audience, possibly because it rotated with Shaft, another high-quality series but with a starkly conflicting demographic, and was cancelled after one season. During this time, Stewart periodically appeared on Johnny Carson's The Tonight Show, sharing poems he had written at different times in his life. His poems were later compiled into a short collection, Jimmy Stewart and His Poems (1989).[89][90]
Stewart returned to films after an absence of five years with a major supporting role in John Wayne's final film, The Shootist (1976) where Stewart played a doctor giving Wayne's gunfighter a terminal cancer diagnosis. At one point, both Wayne and Stewart were flubbing their lines repeatedly and Stewart turned to director Don Siegel and said, "You'd better get two better actors." Stewart also appeared in supporting roles in Airport '77, the 1978 remake of The Big Sleep starring Robert Mitchum as Raymond Chandler's Philip Marlowe, and The Magic of Lassie (1978). All three movies received poor reviews, and The Magic of Lassie flopped at the box office.
Last years and later career[edit]




Speaking at The Kennedy Center on Inauguration Day, 1981, in Washington D.C.


Following the failure of The Magic of Lassie, Stewart went into semi-retirement from acting. He donated his papers, films, and other records to Brigham Young University's Harold B. Lee Library in 1983.[91] Stewart had diversified investments including real estate, oil wells, a charter-plane company and membership on major corporate boards, and he became a multimillionaire. In the 1980s and '90s, he did voiceover work for commercials for Campbell's Soups.
Stewart's longtime friend Henry Fonda died in 1982, and former co-star and friend Grace Kelly died after a car crash shortly afterwards. A few months later, Stewart starred with Bette Davis in Right of Way. He filmed several television movies in the 1980s, including Mr. Krueger's Christmas, which allowed him to fulfill a lifelong dream to conduct the Mormon Tabernacle Choir.[92] He made frequent visits to the Reagan White House and traveled on the lecture circuit. The re-release of his Hitchcock films gained Stewart renewed recognition. Rear Window and Vertigo were particularly praised by film critics, which helped bring these pictures to the attention of younger movie-goers. He was presented an Academy Honorary Award by Cary Grant in 1985, "for his 50 years of memorable performances, for his high ideals both on and off the screen, with respect and affection of his colleagues".[68]
In 1988, Stewart made an impassioned plea in Congressional hearings, along with, among many others, Burt Lancaster, Katharine Hepburn, Ginger Rogers, and film director Martin Scorsese, against Ted Turner's decision to 'colorize' classic black and white films, including It's a Wonderful Life. Stewart stated, "the coloring of black-and-white films is wrong. It's morally and artistically wrong and these profiteers should leave our film industry alone".[93]
In 1989, Stewart founded the American Spirit Foundation to apply entertainment industry resources to developing innovative approaches to public education and to assist the emerging democracy movements in the former Iron Curtain countries. Peter F. Paul arranged for Stewart, through the offices of President Boris Yeltsin, to send a special print of It's a Wonderful Life, translated by Lomonosov Moscow State University, to Russia as the first American program ever to be broadcast on Russian television. It first aired on Russian TV Channel 2 on January 5, 1992, the first day of the existence of the Commonwealth of Independent States and Russian Orthodox Christmas.
In association with politicians and celebrities such as President Ronald Reagan, Supreme Court Chief Justice Warren Burger, California Governor George Deukmejian, Bob Hope and Charlton Heston, Stewart worked from 1987 to 1993 on projects that enhanced the public appreciation and understanding of the U.S. Constitution and Bill of Rights.
In 1991, James Stewart voiced the character of Sheriff Wylie Burp in the movie An American Tail: Fievel Goes West, which was his last film role. Shortly before his 80th birthday, he was asked how he wanted to be remembered. "As someone who 'believed in hard work and love of country, love of family and love of community.'"[68]
Personal life[edit]
Stewart was almost universally described by his collaborators as a kind, soft-spoken man and a true professional.[94] Joan Crawford praised the actor as an "endearing perfectionist" with "a droll sense of humor and a shy way of watching you to see if you react to that humor".[68]




Stewart was married to Gloria Hatrick McLean from 1949 to her death in 1994


When Henry Fonda moved to Hollywood in 1934, he was again a roommate with Stewart in an apartment in Brentwood,[95] and the two gained reputations as playboys.[96] Both men's children later noted that their favorite activity when not working seemed to be quietly sharing time together while building and painting model airplanes, a hobby they had taken up in New York, years earlier.[97]
After World War II, Stewart settled down, at age 41, marrying former model Gloria Hatrick McLean on August 9, 1949. As Stewart loved to recount in self-mockery, "I, I, I pitched the big question to her last night and to my surprise she, she, she said yes!"[98] Stewart adopted her two sons, Michael and Ronald, and with Gloria he had twin daughters, Judy and Kelly, on May 7, 1951. The couple remained married until her death from lung cancer on February 16, 1994, at the age of 75. Ronald McLean was killed in action in Vietnam on June 8, 1969, at the age of 24, while serving as a lieutenant in the Marine Corps.[99][100] Daughter Kelly Stewart is a physical anthropologist.[101]
Stewart was active in philanthropy over the years. His signature charity event, "The Jimmy Stewart Relay Marathon Race", held each year since 1982, has raised millions of dollars for the Child and Family Development Center at St. John's Health Center in Santa Monica, California.[12] He was a lifelong supporter of Scouting, having been a Second Class Scout when he was a youth, an adult Scout leader, and a recipient of the prestigious Silver Buffalo Award from the Boy Scouts of America (BSA). In later years, he made advertisements for the BSA, which led to his being sometimes incorrectly identified as an Eagle Scout.[102] An award for Boy Scouts, "The James M. Stewart Good Citizenship Award" has been presented since May 17, 2003.[103]
Stewart was a Life Member of the Sons of the Revolution in the State of California.[104]
One of Stewart's lesser-known talents was his homespun poetry. Once, while on The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson, he read a poem entitled "Beau" that he had written about his dog. By the end of this reading, Carson's eyes were welling with tears.[105] This was later parodied on a late 1980s episode of the NBC sketch show Saturday Night Live, with Dana Carvey as Stewart reciting the poem on Weekend Update and bringing anchor Dennis Miller to tears. He was also an avid gardener. Stewart purchased the house next door to his Beverly Hills home, had it razed, and installed his garden on the lot.[106]
Politics[edit]
Stewart was a staunch Republican[107] and actively campaigned for Richard Nixon and Ronald Reagan. He was a hawk on the Vietnam War, and maintained that his stepson, Ronald, did not die in vain. Stewart actively supported Reagan's bid to win the Republican presidential nomination in 1976.
Following the assassination of Senator Robert F. Kennedy in 1968, Stewart, Charlton Heston, Kirk Douglas and Gregory Peck issued a statement calling for support of President Lyndon Johnson's Gun Control Act of 1968.
One of his best friends was fellow actor Henry Fonda, despite the fact that the two had very different political ideologies. A political argument in 1947 resulted in a fistfight, but they maintained their friendship by never discussing politics again.[108] This tale may be apocryphal as Jhan Robbins quotes Stewart as saying: "Our views never interfered with our feelings for each other, we just didn't talk about certain things. I can't remember ever having an argument with him—ever!" However, Jane Fonda told Donald Dewey for his 1996 biography of Stewart that her father did have a falling out with Stewart at that time, although she did not know whether it was because of their political differences. There is a brief reference to their political differences in character in their movie The Cheyenne Social Club. In the last years of his life, he donated to the campaign of Bob Dole in the 1996 presidential election and to Democratic Florida governor Bob Graham in his successful run for the Senate.[107]
Death[edit]




James Stewart's grave



Stewart was hospitalized after falling over in December 1995.[109] In December 1996, he was due to have the battery in his pacemaker changed, but opted not to, preferring to let things happen naturally. In February 1997, he was hospitalized for an irregular heartbeat. On June 25, a thrombosis formed in his right leg, leading to a pulmonary embolism one week later. Surrounded by his children on July 2, 1997, Stewart died at the age of 89 at his home in Beverly Hills, California, with his final words to his family being, "I'm going to be with Gloria now."[110] President Bill Clinton commented that America had lost a "national treasure ... a great actor, a gentleman and a patriot".[68] Over 3,000 mourners, mostly celebrities, attended Stewart's memorial service, which included a firing of three volleys for his service in the Army Air Forces and the U.S. Air Force.[111] Stewart's remains are interred at Forest Lawn Memorial Park in Glendale, California.[112]
Filmography[edit]




In Frank Borzage's The Mortal Storm



Main article: James Stewart filmography
From the beginning of Stewart's film career in 1935, through his final theatrical project in 1991, he appeared in more than 92 films, television programs and shorts. Five of his movies were included on the American Film Institute's list of the 100 greatest American films: Mr. Smith Goes to Washington; The Philadelphia Story; It's a Wonderful Life; Rear Window and Vertigo. His roles in Mr. Smith Goes to Washington, The Philadelphia Story, It's a Wonderful Life, Harvey, and Anatomy of a Murder earned him Academy Award nominations—with one win for The Philadelphia Story.
Broadway performances[edit]

Carry Nation as "Constable Gano" (October – November 1932)
Goodbye Again as "Chauffeur" (December 1932 – July 1933)
Spring in Autumn as "Jack Brennan" (October–November 1933)
All Good Americans as "Johnny Chadwick" (December 1933 – January 1934)
Yellow Jack as "Sgt. John O'Hara" (May 1934)
Divided By Three as "Teddy Parrish" (October 1934)
Page Miss Glory as "Ed Olsen" (November 1934 – March 1935)
A Journey By Night as "Carl" (April 1935)
Harvey as "Elwood P. Dowd" (July–August 1947, July–August 1948, replacing vacationing Frank Fay, who created the role on Broadway)[N 6]
Harvey as "Elwood P. Dowd" (revival, February–May 1970)
A Gala Tribute to Joshua Logan as himself (March 9, 1975)

Radio appearances[edit]


Year
Program
Episode/source


1937
Lux Radio Theatre
Madame X


1939
The Gulf Screen Guild Theater
Tailored By Toni


1939
The Gulf Screen Guild Theater
Going My Way


1940
The Gulf Screen Guild Theater
Single Crossing


1940
Screen Guild Players
The Shop Around the Corner[113]


1945
Lux Radio Theatre
Destry Rides Again


1946
Suspense
"Consequence"[114]


1947
Lux Radio Theatre
It's A Wonderful Life


1947
Lux Radio Theatre
Magic Town


1948
Readers' Digest Radio Edition
One Way to Broadway[113]


1949
Suspense
Mission Completed[113]


1949
Lux Radio Theatre
You Gotta Stay Happy


1949
Lux Radio Theatre
June Bride


1949
Screen Directors Playhouse
Call Northside 777


1950
Lux Radio Theatre
The Stratton Story


1951
Lux Radio Theatre
When Johnny Comes Marching Home


1951
Lux Radio Theatre
Winchester '73


1952
Lux Radio Theatre
No Highway in the Sky


1953
Theatre Guild on the Air
O'Halloran's Luck''[115]


1953-4
The Six Shooter
Starred as Britt Ponset


Legacy[edit]




Photo by Carl Van Vechten (1934)


Throughout his seven decades in Hollywood, Stewart cultivated a versatile career and recognized screen image in such classics as Mr. Smith Goes to Washington, The Mortal Storm, The Philadelphia Story, Harvey, It's a Wonderful Life, Shenandoah, The Glenn Miller Story, Rear Window, Rope, The Man Who Knew Too Much, The Shop Around the Corner, The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance and Vertigo. He is the most represented leading actor on the AFI's 100 Years…100 Movies (10th Anniversary Edition) and AFI's 10 Top 10 lists. He is the most represented leading actor on the 100 Greatest Movies of All Time list presented by Entertainment Weekly. As of 2007, ten of his films have been inducted into the United States National Film Registry. As part of their 100 Years Series, Stewart was named the third greatest screen legend actor in American film history by the AFI in 1999.[3]
Stewart left his mark on a wide range of film genres, including westerns, suspense thrillers, family films, biographies, and screwball comedies. He worked for many renowned directors during his career, among them Frank Capra, George Cukor, Henry Hathaway, Cecil B. DeMille, Ernst Lubitsch, Frank Borzage, George Stevens, Alfred Hitchcock, John Ford, Billy Wilder, Don Siegel, and Anthony Mann. He won many of the industry's highest honors and earned Lifetime Achievement awards from every major film organization, and is often considered to be one of the most influential actors in the history of American cinema.
Honors and tributes[edit]
Main article: List of awards and nominations received by James Stewart
Stewart was the recipient of many official accolades throughout his life, receiving film industry awards, military and civilian medals, honorary degrees, and memorials and tributes for his contribution to the performing arts, humanitarianism, and military service.
The library at Brigham Young University houses his personal papers and movie memorabilia including his Academy Award for Best Actor.[116][117]
In February 1980, Stewart was honored by Freedoms Foundation of Valley Forge, Pennsylvania, along with U.S. Senator Jake Garn, U.S. Ambassador Shirley Temple Black, singer John Denver, and Tom Abraham, a businessman from Canadian, Texas, who worked with immigrants seeking to become U.S. citizens.[118]
On May 20, 1995, his 87th birthday, The James M. Stewart Foundation was created to honor James Stewart. In concert with his family members, the foundation also established The Jimmy Stewart Museum in his hometown of Indiana, Pennsylvania. The foundation was created to "preserve, promote and enshrine the accomplishments of James M. Stewart, actor, soldier, civic leader, and world citizen..." The registered office is at 835 Philadelphia Street, Indiana, Pa, 15701 and is located within easy walking distance of his place of birth, the home in which he grew up, and the former location of his father's hardware store. A large statue of Stewart stands on the lawn of the Indiana County Courthouse, just feet from the museum.
The Jimmy Stewart Museum houses movie posters and photos, awards, personal artifacts, a gift shop and an intimate 1930's era theatre in which his films are regularly shown.
See also[edit]

List of film collaborations



United States Air Force portal
Biography portal
Film portal


References[edit]
Notes[edit]



^ MGM head Louis B. Mayer first tried to talk Stewart out of enlisting, claiming he would be sacrificing his career. "Mayer was just so desperate to say something that would keep me from enlisting", recalls Stewart... I said, "Mr. Mayer, this country's conscience is bigger than all the studios in Hollywood put together, and the time will come when we'll have to fight...The next thing he did was announce a big going-away party for me, and every star at the studio was summoned to be there... That was one big party."[2]
^ Stewart later confided that he had a 'friend' operating the weight scales.[34]
^ Walter E. "Pop" Arnold became commander of the 485th Bombardment Group in September 1943 and his B-24 was shot down over eastern Germany on August 27, 1944, making him a prisoner of war.[46]
^ While leading the 445th on this date, Stewart made a decision in combat to not break formation from another group that had made an error in navigation. The other group lost four bombers in a subsequent interception, but Stewart's decision possibly saved it from annihilation and incurred considerable damage to his own 48 aircraft. His decision resulted in a letter of commendation and promotion to major on January 20, 1944. Sy Bartlett and Beirne Lay used the episode in their novel 12 O'Clock High.[43][47][48]
^ Although Stewart was always Capra's first choice, in an interview later in life, he conceded that "Henry Fonda was in the running."[63]
^ The reference does not mention the second set of dates, nor that Frank Fay created the role.



Citations[edit]


^ "James Stewart, the Hesitant Hero, Dies at 89". The New York Times. July 3, 1997. 
^ a b c Munn, Michael. Jimmy Stewart: The Truth Behind the Legend, Skyhorse Publishing (2013) ebook
^ a b "AFI's 100 Years ... 100 Stars". American Film Institute (Afi.com). June 16, 1999. Retrieved June 22, 2013. 
^ http://www.afi.com/laa/laa80.aspx
^ Smith, Lynn (March 30, 2003). "In Supporting Roles". Los Angeles Times. p. 193. 
^ "James Stewart profile". FilmReference.com. Retrieved January 11, 2011.
^ "Ancestry of Jimmy Stewart". genealogy.about.com. Retrieved October 28, 2012.
^ "Movies: Best Pictures". The New York Times. Retrieved March 7, 2012.
^ "Jimmy Stewart profile". adherents.com. Retrieved March 7, 2012.
^ a b c Eliot 2006, pp. 11–12.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 15.
^ a b c d e f "Biography". The Jimmy Stewart Museum. Retrieved January 11, 2011.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 31.
^ Berg, A. Scott (1999). Lindbergh. New York, NY: Berkley/Penguin. p. 121. ISBN 978-0-425-17041-0. 
^ "Princeton Triangle Club" Archived 2011-10-02 at the Wayback Machine.. princeton.edu. Retrieved January 11, 2011.
^ Fonda and Teichmann 1981, p. 74.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 57.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 58.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 65.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 74.
^ Eliot 2006, pp. 84, 87.
^ a b Eliot 2006, p. 105.
^ Wayne 2004, p. 447.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 139.
^ Jones, McClure and Twomey 1970, p. 67.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 112.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 144.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 167.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 168.
^ Smith 2005, pp. 25–26.
^ "Brigadier General James Stewart". National Museum of the United States Air Force. Retrieved November 2, 2011.
^ Smith 2005, p. 26.
^ "Thunderbird Field". airfields-freeman.com. Retrieved November 2, 2011.
^ a b Smith 2005, p. 30.
^ a b c d "Brigadier General James Stewart". Something About Everything Military. Retrieved September 7, 2008.
^ Associated Press, "James Stewart Now Is Second Lieutenant", The Spokesman-Review, Spokane, Washington, Friday 2 January 1942, Volume 59, Number 233, page 2.
^ U.S. Army Air Forces (01 October 1943). Section 11 - Aeronautical Ratings, in Pilot's Information File (PIF 1-11-8), War Department, Washington, DC
^ a b McGowan, Sam. "From Private to Colonel". WWII History, Volume 11, July 2012, p. 42.
^ Smith 2005, pp. 31–32.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 181.
^ Biederman, Patricia Ward. "Winning the war, one frame at a time". Los Angeles Times, October 30, 2002. Retrieved September 7, 2008.
^ Smith 2005, p. 31.
^ a b c d e f Smith 2005, p. 273.
^ Smith 2005, pp. 49–50.
^ McGowan "From Private to Colonel", p. 43.
^ "485th Stories". 485thbg.org. 
^ a b c McGowan "From Private to Colonel", p. 44.
^ Bowman 1979, p. 26.
^ McGowan "From Private to Colonel", p. 45.
^ McGowan "From Private to Colonel", pp. 45–46.
^ McGowan "From Private to Colonel", pp. 46–47.
^ McGowan "From Private to Colonel", p. 47.
^ Maurer 1983, p. 375.
^ Helmreich, Dr. Jonathan E. "The Bombing of Zurich". Maxwell Air Force Base. Retrieved March 28, 2010.
^ "FBI Award". FBI. Retrieved March 7, 2012.
^ Smith 2005, p. 60.
^ Whirlwind: Bombing Empire YouTube
^ Swopes, Bryan R. (February 20, 2014). "20 February 1966 | This Day in Aviation". Photo credits: Bettmann/CORBIS, U.S. Air Force, Los Angeles Times, AP, RAF Old Buckenham. thisdayinaviation.com. Archived from the original on 5 April 2014. Retrieved April 4, 2014. 
^ "Stewart profile". U.S. Air Force. Retrieved March 7, 2012.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 196.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 199.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 197.
^ a b Cox 2005, p. 6.
^ Bates, Dan. "Jimmy Stewart used his PTSD from WWII in It’s a Wonderful Life". Mail Online. Retrieved 26 December 2016. 
^ Eliot 2006, p. 203.
^ Cox 2005, p. 70.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 209.
^ a b c d e "Obituary: James Stewart, the hesitant hero, dies at 89". The New York Times, July 3, 1997.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 211.
^ Eliot 2006, pp. 208, 211.
^ a b Eliot 2006, p. 214.
^ Eliot 2006, pp. 208, 213.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 237.
^ "James Stewart's Horse". Wild West net. Retrieved March 13, 2010.
^ "James Stewart profile". Film Reference.com. Retrieved March 13, 2010.
^ "Jimmy Stewart: The Biggest Little Man". Orlando Sentinel. 
^ a b Eliot 2006, p. 248.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 251.
^ a b Eliot 2006, p. 245.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 254.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 220.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 278.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 310.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 321.
^ "Vertigo is named 'greatest film of all time'". BBC News, August 2, 2012. Retrieved September 22, 2013.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 332.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 337.
^ "Paul Tibbets: A Rendezvous With History, Part 3". Airport Journals, June 2003.
^ Krier, Beth Ann. "The muse within Jimmy Stewart". Los Angeles Times, September 10, 1989.
^ Stewart, Jimmy (August 19, 1989). Jimmy Stewart and His Poems. Crown. ISBN 978-0517573822. 
^ Tollestrup, Jon. "Collections: Thousands of Artifacts, Centuries of History" The Daily Universe, February 13, 2006.
^ Bauman, Joe (January 26, 2009). "Utah-Hollywood connection runs deep". Deseret News. p. B2. 
^ Eliot 2006, p. 405.
^ Eliot 2006, pp. 164–68.
^ Fonda and Teichmann 1981, p. 106.
^ Fonda and Teichmann 1981, pp. 107–08.
^ Fonda and Teichmann 1981, p. 97.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 239.
^ "Gloria Stewart obituary". The New York Times, February 18, 1994.
^ "1LT Ronald Walsh McLean". VirtualWall.org. Retrieved June 27, 2013.
^ "Kelly Stewart". anthro.ucdavis.edu. Retrieved March 7, 2012. Archived May 17, 2011, at the Wayback Machine.
^ Lawson, Terry C. Erroneous Eagle Scouts Letter. Eagle Scout Service, National Eagle Scout Association, Boy Scouts of America (2005). Retrieved June 9, 2005.
^ "James M. Stewart Good Citizenship Award", jimmy.org. Retrieved March 7, 2012.
^ "It's a Wonderful Life for a fellow member!!" srcalifornia.com, Fall 1995. Retrieved August 2, 2012.
^ McMahon, Ed. "Ed McMahon says farewell to Johnny Carson". MSNBC, September 12, 2006, p. 3.
^ Nichols, Mary E. "James Stewart: The Star of It’s a Wonderful Life and The Philadelphia Story in Beverly Hills". Architectural Digest. Retrieved September 22, 2013.
^ a b "Political Donations". newsmeat.com. Retrieved March 7, 2012.
^ Robbins 1985, p. 99.
^ "James Stewart Hospitalized After Falling at His Home". LA Times. 22 December 1995. 
^ "James Stewart – Classic Cinema Gold". 
^ "James Stewart Biography". The Biography Channel. Retrieved September 22, 2013.
^ Ellenberger, Allan R. (2001). Celebrities in Los Angeles Cemeteries: A Directory. Jefferson, NC: McFarland & Company. p. 72. ISBN 978-0-7864-0983-9. 
^ a b c "Those Were The Days". Nostalgia Digest. 41 (3): 32–39. Summer 2015. 
^ http://www.escape-suspense.com/2008/06/suspense---cons.html 
^ Kirby, Walter (March 1, 1953). "Better Radio Programs for the Week". The Decatur Daily Review. p. 46. Retrieved June 23, 2015 – via Newspapers.com.  
^ "Jimmy Stewart". Deseret News. July 4, 1997. 
^ Carter, Edward L. (July 4, 1997). "BYU ready to expand its Stewart collection". Deseret News. 
^ "Tom Abraham to be honored by Freedoms Foundation Feb. 22", Canadian Record, Canadian, Texas, February 14, 1980, p. 19.


Bibliography[edit]


Beaver, Jim. "James Stewart". Films in Review, October 1980.
Bowman, Martin. B-24 Liberator 1939–1945, London: Patrick Stephens Ltd., 1979 ISBN 978-0-52881-538-6.
Coe, Jonathan. James Stewart: Leading Man. London: Bloomsbury, 1994. ISBN 978-0-14029-467-5.
Collins, Thomas W. Jr."Stewart, James". American National Biography Online. Retrieved February 18, 2007.
Cox, Stephen. It's a Wonderful Life: A Memory Book. Nashville, Tennessee: Cumberland House, 2003. ISBN 978-1-58182-337-0.
Eliot, Mark. Jimmy Stewart: A Biography. New York: Random House, 2006. ISBN 978-1-40005-222-6.
Fonda, Henry as told to Howard Teichmann. Fonda: My Life. New York: A Signet Book, New American Library, 1981. ISBN 0-451-11858-8.
Houghton, Norris. But Not Forgotten: The Adventure of the University Players. New York: William Sloane Associates, 1951.
Jackson, Kenneth T., Karen Markoe and Arnie Markoe. The Scribner Encyclopedia of American Lives (5). New York: Simon and Schuster, 1998. ISBN 0-684-80663-0.
Jones, Ken D., Arthur F. McClure and Alfred E. Twomey. The Films of James Stewart. New York: Castle Books, 1970.
Maurer, Maurer (1983). Air Force Combat Units of World War II. Washington, D.C.: Office of Air Force History. ISBN 0-912799-02-1
McGowan, Helene. James Stewart. London: Bison Group, 1992, ISBN 0-86124-925-9.
McGowan, Sam. "From Private to Colonel". WWII History, Volume 11, July 2012, pp. 40–47.
Pickard, Roy. Jimmy Stewart: A Life in Film. New York: St. Martin's Press, 1992. ISBN 0-312-08828-0.
Prendergast, Tom and Sara, eds. "Stewart, James". International Dictionary of Films and Filmmakers, 4th edition. London: St. James Press, 2000. ISBN 1-55862-450-3.
Prendergast, Tom and Sara, eds. "Stewart, James". St. James Encyclopedia of Popular Culture, 5th edition. London: St. James Press, 2000. ISBN 1-55862-529-1.
Robbins, Jhan. Everybody's Man: A Biography of Jimmy Stewart. New York: G.P. Putnam's Sons, 1985. ISBN 0-399-12973-1.
Smith, Starr. Jimmy Stewart: Bomber Pilot. St. Paul, Minnesota: Zenith Press, 2005. ISBN 0-7603-2199-X.
Thomas, Tony. A Wonderful Life: The Films and Career of James Stewart. Secaucus, New Jersey: Citadel Press, 1988. ISBN 0-8065-1081-1.
Wayne, Jane Ellen.The Leading Men of MGM. New York: Carroll & Graf Publishers, 2004. ISBN 0-7867-1475-1.
Wright, Stuart J. An Emotional Gauntlet: From Life in Peacetime America to the War in European Skies—A History of 453rd Bomb Group Crews. Milwaukee, Wisconsin: University of Wisconsin Press, 2004. ISBN 0-299-20520-7.


External links[edit]





This section's use of external links may not follow Wikipedia's policies or guidelines. Please improve this article by removing excessive or inappropriate external links, and converting useful links where appropriate into footnote references. (May 2012) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)





Wikimedia Commons has media related to James Stewart.





Wikiquote has quotations related to: Jimmy Stewart



Finding aid author: Mary-Celeste Ricks (2015). "His Wonderful Life: A Tribute to James Stewart". Prepared for the L. Tom Perry Special Collections, Provo, UT. Retrieved May 16, 2016.
Finding aid authors: James V. D'Arc and John N. Gillespie (2014). "John Strauss files on publicity for James Stewart". Prepared for the L. Tom Perry Special Collections, Provo, UT. Retrieved May 16, 2016.
Finding aid authors: Karen Glenn and John Murphy (2013). "WNET transcripts for James Stewart : A Wonderful Life". Prepared for the L. Tom Perry Special Collections, Provo, UT. Retrieved May 16, 2016.
James Stewart at the Internet Broadway Database 
James Stewart on IMDb
Jimmy Stewart at the TCM Movie Database 
Jimmy Stewart Museum
The American Spirit Foundation
Feaster, Felicia. James Stewart Profile at Turner Classic Movies
"Princeton to Honor Famed Alumnus Jimmy Stewart '32 With Tribute and Theater Dedication", Princeton University (1997)
Centennial Tribute to James Stewart
"Entertainment Weekly's 100 Greatest Movies of All Time"
"Mr. Stewart Goes to Vietnam", article from Vietnam magazine about Stewart's B-52 mission in 1966
Images: Stewart Pictures. Telecommunication & Film Department, University of Alabama
Images: "Col. James M. Stewart stands with his father outside of the family's hardware store", Life Magazine (1945)
A Wonderful Life: Jimmy Stewart, Actor and B-24 Bomber Pilot
James Stewart in the 1910 US Census, 1920 US Census, 1930 US Census, and the Social Security Death Index.
Photos of Jimmy Stewart in 'Pot O Gold' by Ned Scott
James Stewart(Aveleyman)
James Stewart interview on BBC Radio 4 Desert Island Discs, December 23, 1983







v
t
e


Hosts of the Academy Awards ceremonies



1929–50



Douglas Fairbanks / William C. deMille (1929)
William C. deMille (1930)
Conrad Nagel (1930)
Lawrence Grant (1931)
Lionel Barrymore / Conrad Nagel (1932)
Will Rogers (1934)
Irvin S. Cobb (1935)
Frank Capra (1936)
George Jessel (1937)
Bob Burns (1938)
None (1939)
Bob Hope (1940)
Bob Hope (1941)
None (1942)
Bob Hope (1943)
Jack Benny (1944)
Bob Hope / John Cromwell (1945)
Bob Hope / James Stewart (1946)
Jack Benny (1947)
Dick Powell / Agnes Moorehead (1948)
Robert Montgomery (1949)
Paul Douglas (1950)





1951–75



Fred Astaire (1951)
Danny Kaye (1952)
Bob Hope / Conrad Nagel (1953)
Donald O'Connor / Fredric March (1954)
Bob Hope / Thelma Ritter (1955)
Jerry Lewis / Claudette Colbert / Joseph L. Mankiewicz (1956)
Jerry Lewis / Celeste Holm (1957)
Bob Hope / David Niven / Donald Duck / James Stewart / Jack Lemmon / Rosalind Russell (1958)
Bob Hope / David Niven / Tony Randall / Mort Sahl / Laurence Olivier / Jerry Lewis (1959)
Bob Hope (1960)
Bob Hope (1961)
Bob Hope (1962)
Frank Sinatra (1963)
Jack Lemmon (1964)
Bob Hope (1965)
Bob Hope (1966)
Bob Hope (1967)
Bob Hope (1968)
None (1969)
None (1970)
None (1971)
Helen Hayes / Alan King / Sammy Davis Jr. / Jack Lemmon (1972)
Carol Burnett / Michael Caine / Charlton Heston / Rock Hudson (1973)
John Huston / Burt Reynolds / David Niven / Diana Ross (1974)
Sammy Davis Jr. / Bob Hope / Shirley MacLaine / Frank Sinatra (1975)





1976–2000



Goldie Hawn / Gene Kelly / Walter Matthau / George Segal / Robert Shaw (1976)
Warren Beatty / Ellen Burstyn / Jane Fonda / Richard Pryor (1977)
Bob Hope (1978)
Johnny Carson (1979)
Johnny Carson (1980)
Johnny Carson (1981)
Johnny Carson (1982)
Liza Minnelli / Dudley Moore / Richard Pryor / Walter Matthau (1983)
Johnny Carson (1984)
Jack Lemmon (1985)
Alan Alda / Jane Fonda / Robin Williams (1986)
Chevy Chase / Goldie Hawn / Paul Hogan (1987)
Chevy Chase (1988)
None (1989)
Billy Crystal (1990)
Billy Crystal (1991)
Billy Crystal (1992)
Billy Crystal (1993)
Whoopi Goldberg (1994)
David Letterman (1995)
Whoopi Goldberg (1996)
Billy Crystal (1997)
Billy Crystal (1998)
Whoopi Goldberg (1999)
Billy Crystal (2000)





2001–present



Steve Martin (2001)
Whoopi Goldberg (2002)
Steve Martin (2003)
Billy Crystal (2004)
Chris Rock (2005)
Jon Stewart (2006)
Ellen DeGeneres (2007)
Jon Stewart (2008)
Hugh Jackman (2009)
Alec Baldwin / Steve Martin (2010)
James Franco / Anne Hathaway (2011)
Billy Crystal (2012)
Seth MacFarlane (2013)
Ellen DeGeneres (2014)
Neil Patrick Harris (2015)
Chris Rock (2016)
Jimmy Kimmel (2017)
Jimmy Kimmel (2018)












v
t
e


Indiana in Indiana County, Pennsylvania



Attractions



Downtown Indiana Historic District
Breezedale
Buffalo, Rochester & Pittsburgh Railway Indiana Passenger Station
Silas M. Clark House
Graff's Market
James Mitchell House
Old Indiana County Courthouse
Indiana Borough 1912 Municipal Building
Indiana Armory
Old Indiana County Jail and Sheriff's Office
John Sutton Hall





Transportation



Indiana County Transit Authority





Notable people



Edward Abbey
James H. Bronson
Renée Fleming
Jim Nance
Michael Ryan
James Stewart
Steve Wheatcroft





Education



Indiana University of Pennsylvania
Indiana Area School District





Industry



First Commonwealth Financial Corporation





Newspapers



Indiana Gazette





Radio stations




By AM frequency



1160
1450





By FM frequency



90.1
92.5
95.5
100.3
103.7
105.1
106.3





By callsign



W262CU
WCCS
WDAD
WFGI
WFSJ-LP
WIUP
WLCY
WMUG-LP
WQMU













Awards for James Stewart











v
t
e


Academy Award for Best Actor



1928–1950



Emil Jannings (1928)
Warner Baxter (1929)
George Arliss (1930)
Lionel Barrymore (1931)
Fredric March / Wallace Beery (1932)
Charles Laughton (1933)
Clark Gable (1934)
Victor McLaglen (1935)
Paul Muni (1936)
Spencer Tracy (1937)
Spencer Tracy (1938)
Robert Donat (1939)
James Stewart (1940)
Gary Cooper (1941)
James Cagney (1942)
Paul Lukas (1943)
Bing Crosby (1944)
Ray Milland (1945)
Fredric March (1946)
Ronald Colman (1947)
Laurence Olivier (1948)
Broderick Crawford (1949)
José Ferrer (1950)





1951–1975



Humphrey Bogart (1951)
Gary Cooper (1952)
William Holden (1953)
Marlon Brando (1954)
Ernest Borgnine (1955)
Yul Brynner (1956)
Alec Guinness (1957)
David Niven (1958)
Charlton Heston (1959)
Burt Lancaster (1960)
Maximilian Schell (1961)
Gregory Peck (1962)
Sidney Poitier (1963)
Rex Harrison (1964)
Lee Marvin (1965)
Paul Scofield (1966)
Rod Steiger (1967)
Cliff Robertson (1968)
John Wayne (1969)
George C. Scott1 (1970)
Gene Hackman (1971)
Marlon Brando1 (1972)
Jack Lemmon (1973)
Art Carney (1974)
Jack Nicholson (1975)





1976–2000



Peter Finch (1976)
Richard Dreyfuss (1977)
Jon Voight (1978)
Dustin Hoffman (1979)
Robert De Niro (1980)
Henry Fonda (1981)
Ben Kingsley (1982)
Robert Duvall (1983)
F. Murray Abraham (1984)
William Hurt (1985)
Paul Newman (1986)
Michael Douglas (1987)
Dustin Hoffman (1988)
Daniel Day-Lewis (1989)
Jeremy Irons (1990)
Anthony Hopkins (1991)
Al Pacino (1992)
Tom Hanks (1993)
Tom Hanks (1994)
Nicolas Cage (1995)
Geoffrey Rush (1996)
Jack Nicholson (1997)
Roberto Benigni (1998)
Kevin Spacey (1999)
Russell Crowe (2000)





2001–present



Denzel Washington (2001)
Adrien Brody (2002)
Sean Penn (2003)
Jamie Foxx (2004)
Philip Seymour Hoffman (2005)
Forest Whitaker (2006)
Daniel Day-Lewis (2007)
Sean Penn (2008)
Jeff Bridges (2009)
Colin Firth (2010)
Jean Dujardin (2011)
Daniel Day-Lewis (2012)
Matthew McConaughey (2013)
Eddie Redmayne (2014)
Leonardo DiCaprio (2015)
Casey Affleck (2016)






1 refused award that year










v
t
e


Academy Honorary Award



1928–1950



Warner Bros. / Charlie Chaplin (1928)
Walt Disney (1932)
Shirley Temple (1934)
D. W. Griffith (1935)
The March of Time / W. Howard Greene and Harold Rosson (1936)
Edgar Bergen / W. Howard Greene / Museum of Modern Art Film Library / Mack Sennett (1937)
J. Arthur Ball / Walt Disney / Deanna Durbin and Mickey Rooney / Gordon Jennings, Jan Domela, Devereaux Jennings, Irmin Roberts, Art Smith, Farciot Edouart, Loyal Griggs, Loren L. Ryder, Harry D. Mills, Louis Mesenkop, Walter Oberst / Oliver T. Marsh and Allen Davey / Harry Warner (1938)
Douglas Fairbanks / Judy Garland / William Cameron Menzies / Motion Picture Relief Fund (Jean Hersholt, Ralph Morgan, Ralph Block, Conrad Nagel)/ Technicolor Company (1939)
Bob Hope / Nathan Levinson (1940)
Walt Disney, William Garity, John N. A. Hawkins, and the RCA Manufacturing Company / Leopold Stokowski and his associates / Rey Scott / British Ministry of Information (1941)
Charles Boyer / Noël Coward / Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer (1942)
George Pal (1943)
Bob Hope / Margaret O'Brien (1944)
Republic Studio, Daniel J. Bloomberg, and the Republic Studio Sound Department / Walter Wanger / The House I Live In / Peggy Ann Garner (1945)
Harold Russell / Laurence Olivier / Ernst Lubitsch / Claude Jarman Jr. (1946)
James Baskett / Thomas Armat, William Nicholas Selig, Albert E. Smith, and George Kirke Spoor / Bill and Coo / Shoeshine (1947)
Walter Wanger / Monsieur Vincent / Sid Grauman / Adolph Zukor (1948)
Jean Hersholt / Fred Astaire / Cecil B. DeMille / The Bicycle Thief (1949)
Louis B. Mayer / George Murphy / The Walls of Malapaga (1950)





1951–1975



Gene Kelly / Rashomon (1951)
Merian C. Cooper / Bob Hope / Harold Lloyd / George Mitchell / Joseph M. Schenck / Forbidden Games (1952)
20th Century-Fox Film Corporation / Bell & Howell Company / Joseph Breen / Pete Smith (1953)
Bausch & Lomb Optical Company / Danny Kaye / Kemp Niver / Greta Garbo / Jon Whiteley / Vincent Winter / Gate of Hell (1954)
Samurai I: Musashi Miyamoto (1955)
Eddie Cantor (1956)
Society of Motion Picture and Television Engineers / Gilbert M. "Broncho Billy" Anderson / Charles Brackett / B. B. Kahane (1957)
Maurice Chevalier (1958)
Buster Keaton / Lee de Forest (1959)
Gary Cooper / Stan Laurel / Hayley Mills (1960)
William L. Hendricks / Fred L. Metzler / Jerome Robbins (1961)
William J. Tuttle (1964)
Bob Hope (1965)
Yakima Canutt / Y. Frank Freeman (1966)
Arthur Freed (1967)
John Chambers / Onna White (1968)
Cary Grant (1969)
Lillian Gish / Orson Welles (1970)
Charlie Chaplin (1971)
Charles S. Boren / Edward G. Robinson (1972)
Henri Langlois / Groucho Marx (1973)
Howard Hawks / Jean Renoir (1974)
Mary Pickford (1975)





1976–2000



Margaret Booth (1977)
Walter Lantz / Laurence Olivier / King Vidor / Museum of Modern Art Department of Film (1978)
Hal Elias / Alec Guinness (1979)
Henry Fonda (1980)
Barbara Stanwyck (1981)
Mickey Rooney (1982)
Hal Roach (1983)
James Stewart / National Endowment for the Arts (1984)
Paul Newman / Alex North (1985)
Ralph Bellamy (1986)
Eastman Kodak Company / National Film Board of Canada (1988)
Akira Kurosawa (1989)
Sophia Loren / Myrna Loy (1990)
Satyajit Ray (1991)
Federico Fellini (1992)
Deborah Kerr (1993)
Michelangelo Antonioni (1994)
Kirk Douglas / Chuck Jones (1995)
Michael Kidd (1996)
Stanley Donen (1997)
Elia Kazan (1998)
Andrzej Wajda (1999)
Jack Cardiff / Ernest Lehman (2000)





2001–present



Sidney Poitier / Robert Redford (2001)
Peter O'Toole (2002)
Blake Edwards (2003)
Sidney Lumet (2004)
Robert Altman (2005)
Ennio Morricone (2006)
Robert F. Boyle (2007)
Lauren Bacall / Roger Corman / Gordon Willis (2009)
Kevin Brownlow / Jean-Luc Godard / Eli Wallach (2010)
James Earl Jones / Dick Smith (2011)
D. A. Pennebaker / Hal Needham / George Stevens Jr. (2012)
Angela Lansbury / Steve Martin / Piero Tosi (2013)
Jean-Claude Carrière / Hayao Miyazaki / Maureen O'Hara (2014)
Spike Lee / Gena Rowlands (2015)
Jackie Chan / Lynn Stalmaster / Anne V. Coates / Frederick Wiseman (2016)












v
t
e


AFI Life Achievement Award






John Ford (1973)
James Cagney (1974)
Orson Welles (1975)
William Wyler (1976)
Bette Davis (1977)
Henry Fonda (1978)
Alfred Hitchcock (1979)
James Stewart (1980)
Fred Astaire (1981)
Frank Capra (1982)
John Huston (1983)
Lillian Gish (1984)
Gene Kelly (1985)
Billy Wilder (1986)
Barbara Stanwyck (1987)
Jack Lemmon (1988)
Gregory Peck (1989)
David Lean (1990)
Kirk Douglas (1991)
Sidney Poitier (1992)
Elizabeth Taylor (1993)
Jack Nicholson (1994)
Steven Spielberg (1995)
Clint Eastwood (1996)
Martin Scorsese (1997)
Robert Wise (1998)
Dustin Hoffman (1999)
Harrison Ford (2000)
Barbra Streisand (2001)
Tom Hanks (2002)
Robert De Niro (2003)
Meryl Streep (2004)
George Lucas (2005)
Sean Connery (2006)
Al Pacino (2007)
Warren Beatty (2008)
Michael Douglas (2009)
Mike Nichols (2010)
Morgan Freeman (2011)
Shirley MacLaine (2012)
Mel Brooks (2013)
Jane Fonda (2014)
Steve Martin (2015)
John Williams (2016)
Diane Keaton (2017)












v
t
e


Silver Bear for Best Actor






Burt Lancaster (1956)
Pedro Infante (1957)
Sidney Poitier (1958)
Jean Gabin (1959)
Fredric March (1960)
Peter Finch (1961)
James Stewart (1962)
Sidney Poitier (1963)
Rod Steiger (1964)
Lee Marvin (1965)
Jean-Pierre Léaud (1966)
Michel Simon (1967)
Jean-Louis Trintignant (1968)
Jean Gabin (1971)
Alberto Sordi (1972)
Vlastimil Brodský (1975)
Gerhard Olschewski (1976)
Fernando Fernán Gómez (1977)
Craig Russell (1978)
Michele Placido (1979)
Andrzej Seweryn (1980)
Anatoly Solonitsyn / Jack Lemmon (1981)
Stellan Skarsgård / Michel Piccoli (1982)
Bruce Dern (1983)
Albert Finney (1984)
Fernando Fernán Gómez (1985)
Tuncel Kurtiz (1986)
Gian Maria Volontè (1987)
Jörg Pose / Manfred Möck (1988)
Gene Hackman (1989)
Iain Glen (1990)
Maynard Eziashi (1991)
Armin Mueller-Stahl (1992)
Denzel Washington (1993)
Tom Hanks (1994)
Paul Newman (1995)
Sean Penn (1996)
Leonardo DiCaprio (1997)
Samuel L. Jackson (1998)
Michael Gwisdek (1999)
Denzel Washington (2000)
Benicio del Toro (2001)
Jacques Gamblin (2002)
Sam Rockwell (2003)
Daniel Hendler (2004)
Lou Taylor Pucci (2005)
Moritz Bleibtreu (2006)
Julio Chávez (2007)
Reza Naji (2008)
Sotigui Kouyaté (2009)
Grigoriy Dobrygin / Sergei Puskepalis (2010)
Peyman Moaadi / Shahab Hosseini / Ali-Asghar Shahbazi / Babak Karimi (2011)
Mikkel Følsgaard (2012)
Nazif Mujić (2013)
Liao Fan (2014)
Tom Courtenay (2015)
Majd Mastoura (2016)
Georg Friedrich (2017)












v
t
e


Cecil B. DeMille Award






Cecil B. DeMille (1952)
Walt Disney (1953)
Darryl F. Zanuck (1954)
Jean Hersholt (1955)
Jack L. Warner (1956)
Mervyn LeRoy (1957)
Buddy Adler (1958)
Maurice Chevalier (1959)
Bing Crosby (1960)
Fred Astaire (1961)
Judy Garland (1962)
Bob Hope (1963)
Joseph E. Levine (1964)
James Stewart (1965)
John Wayne (1966)
Charlton Heston (1967)
Kirk Douglas (1968)
Gregory Peck (1969)
Joan Crawford (1970)
Frank Sinatra (1971)
Alfred Hitchcock (1972)
Samuel Goldwyn (1973)
Bette Davis (1974)
Hal B. Wallis (1975)
Walter Mirisch (1977)
Red Skelton (1978)
Lucille Ball (1979)
Henry Fonda (1980)
Gene Kelly (1981)
Sidney Poitier (1982)
Laurence Olivier (1983)
Paul Newman (1984)
Elizabeth Taylor (1985)
Barbara Stanwyck (1986)
Anthony Quinn (1987)
Clint Eastwood (1988)
Doris Day (1989)
Audrey Hepburn (1990)
Jack Lemmon (1991)
Robert Mitchum (1992)
Lauren Bacall (1993)
Robert Redford (1994)
Sophia Loren (1995)
Sean Connery (1996)
Dustin Hoffman (1997)
Shirley MacLaine (1998)
Jack Nicholson (1999)
Barbra Streisand (2000)
Al Pacino (2001)
Harrison Ford (2002)
Gene Hackman (2003)
Michael Douglas (2004)
Robin Williams (2005)
Anthony Hopkins (2006)
Warren Beatty (2007)
Steven Spielberg (2009)
Martin Scorsese (2010)
Robert De Niro (2011)
Morgan Freeman (2012)
Jodie Foster (2013)
Woody Allen (2014)
George Clooney (2015)
Denzel Washington (2016)
Meryl Streep (2017)












v
t
e


Drama League's Distinguished Performance Award






Katharine Cornell (1935)
Helen Hayes (1936)
Maurice Evans (1937)
Cedric Hardwicke (1938)
Raymond Massey (1939)
Paul Muni (1940)
Paul Lukas (1941)
Judith Evelyn (1942)
Alfred Lunt (1943)
Lynn Fontanne (1944)
Mady Christians (1945)
Louis Calhern (1946)
Ingrid Bergman (1947)
Judith Anderson (1948)
Robert Morley (1949)
Grace George (1950)
Claude Rains (1951)
Julie Harris (1952)
Shirley Booth (1953)
Josephine Hull (1954)
Viveca Lindfors (1955)
David Wayne (1956)
Eli Wallach (1957)
Ralph Bellamy (1958)
Cyril Ritchard (1959)
Jessica Tandy (1960)
Hume Cronyn (1961)
Paul Scofield (1962)
Charles Boyer (1963)
Alec Guinness (1964)
John Gielgud (1965)
Richard Kiley (1966)
Rosemary Harris (1967)
Zoe Caldwell (1968)
Alec McCowen (1969)
James Stewart (1970)
Anthony Quayle (1971)
Eileen Atkins / Claire Bloom (1972)
Alan Bates (1973)
Christopher Plummer (1974)
John Wood (1975)
Eva Le Gallienne (1976)
Tom Courtenay (1977)
Frank Langella (1978)
Frances Sternhagen (1979)
Roy Scheider (1980)
Ian McKellen (1981)
Milo O'Shea (1982)
Edward Herrmann / Kate Nelligan (1983)
Jeremy Irons (1984)
Derek Jacobi (1985)
Bernadette Peters (1986)
James Earl Jones (1987)
John Lithgow (1988)
Pauline Collins (1989)
Robert Morse (1990)
Stockard Channing (1991)
Glenn Close (1992)
Stephen Rea (1993)
Sam Waterston (1994)
Cherry Jones (1995)
Uta Hagen (1996)
Charles Durning / Bebe Neuwirth (1997)
Brian Stokes Mitchell (1998)
Kathleen Chalfant (1999)
Eileen Heckart (2000)
Mary-Louise Parker / Gary Sinise (2001)
Liam Neeson (2002)
Harvey Fierstein (2003)
Hugh Jackman (2004)
Norbert Leo Butz (2005)
Christine Ebersole (2006)
Liev Schreiber (2007)
Patti LuPone (2008)
Geoffrey Rush (2009)
Alfred Molina (2010)
Mark Rylance (2011)
Audra McDonald (2012)
Nathan Lane (2013)
Neil Patrick Harris (2014)
Chita Rivera (2015)
Lin-Manuel Miranda (2016)
Ben Platt (2017)












v
t
e


Film Society of Lincoln Center Gala Tribute Honorees






Charlie Chaplin (1972)
Fred Astaire (1973)
Alfred Hitchcock (1974)
Joanne Woodward and Paul Newman (1975)
George Cukor (1978)
Bob Hope (1979)
John Huston (1980)
Barbara Stanwyck (1981)
Billy Wilder (1982)
Laurence Olivier (1983)
Claudette Colbert (1984)
Federico Fellini (1985)
Elizabeth Taylor (1986)
Alec Guinness (1987)
Yves Montand (1988)
Bette Davis (1989)
James Stewart (1990)
Audrey Hepburn (1991)
Gregory Peck (1992)
Jack Lemmon (1993)
Robert Altman (1994)
Shirley MacLaine (1995)
Clint Eastwood (1996)
Sean Connery (1997)
Martin Scorsese (1998)
Mike Nichols (1999)
Al Pacino (2000)
Jane Fonda (2001)
Francis Ford Coppola (2002)
Susan Sarandon (2003)
Michael Caine (2004)
Dustin Hoffman (2005)
Jessica Lange (2006)
Diane Keaton (2007)
Meryl Streep (2008)
Tom Hanks (2009)
Michael Douglas (2010)
Sidney Poitier (2011)
Catherine Deneuve (2012)
Barbra Streisand (2013)
Rob Reiner (2014)
Robert Redford (2015)
Morgan Freeman (2016)
Robert De Niro (2017)












v
t
e


Golden Globe Award for Best Actor – Television Series Drama






Mike Connors (1969)
Peter Graves (1970)
Robert Young (1971)
Peter Falk (1972)
James Stewart (1973)
Telly Savalas (1974)
Robert Blake/Telly Savalas (1975)
Richard Jordan (1976)
Edward Asner (1977)
Michael Moriarty (1978)
Edward Asner (1979)
Richard Chamberlain (1980)
Daniel J. Travanti (1981)
John Forsythe (1982)
John Forsythe (1983)
Tom Selleck (1984)
Don Johnson (1985)
Edward Woodward (1986)
Richard Kiley (1987)
Ron Perlman (1988)
Ken Wahl (1989)
Kyle MacLachlan (1990)
Scott Bakula (1991)
Sam Waterston (1992)
David Caruso (1993)
Dennis Franz (1994)
Jimmy Smits (1995)
David Duchovny (1996)
Anthony Edwards (1997)
Dylan McDermott (1998)
James Gandolfini (1999)
Martin Sheen (2000)
Kiefer Sutherland (2001)
Michael Chiklis (2002)
Anthony LaPaglia (2003)
Ian McShane (2004)
Hugh Laurie (2005)
Hugh Laurie (2006)
Jon Hamm (2007)
Gabriel Byrne (2008)
Michael C. Hall (2009)
Steve Buscemi (2010)
Kelsey Grammer (2011)
Damian Lewis (2012)
Bryan Cranston (2013)
Kevin Spacey (2014)
Jon Hamm (2015)
Billy Bob Thornton (2016)












v
t
e


Hasty Pudding Men of the Year



1967–2000



Bob Hope (1967)
Paul Newman (1968)
Bill Cosby (1969)
Robert Redford (1970)
James Stewart (1971)
Dustin Hoffman (1972)
Jack Lemmon (1973)
Peter Falk (1974)
Warren Beatty (1975)
Robert Blake (1976)
Johnny Carson (1977)
Richard Dreyfuss (1978)
Robert De Niro (1979)
Alan Alda (1980)
John Travolta (1981)
James Cagney (1982)
Steven Spielberg (1983)
Sean Connery (1984)
Bill Murray (1985)
Sylvester Stallone (1986)
Mikhail Baryshnikov (1987)
Steve Martin (1988)
Robin Williams (1989)
Kevin Costner (1990)
Clint Eastwood (1991)
Michael Douglas (1992)
Chevy Chase (1993)
Tom Cruise (1994)
Tom Hanks (1995)
Harrison Ford (1996)
Mel Gibson (1997)
Kevin Kline (1998)
Samuel L. Jackson (1999)
Billy Crystal (2000)





2001–present



Anthony Hopkins (2001)
Bruce Willis (2002)
Martin Scorsese (2003)
Robert Downey Jr. (2004)
Tim Robbins (2005)
Richard Gere (2006)
Ben Stiller (2007)
Christopher Walken (2008)
James Franco (2009)
Justin Timberlake (2010)
Jay Leno (2011)
Jason Segel (2012)
Kiefer Sutherland (2013)
Neil Patrick Harris (2014)
Chris Pratt (2015)
Joseph Gordon-Levitt (2016)
Ryan Reynolds (2017)












v
t
e


Kennedy Center Honorees (1980s)



1980



Leonard Bernstein
James Cagney
Agnes de Mille
Lynn Fontanne
Leontyne Price





1981



Count Basie
Cary Grant
Helen Hayes
Jerome Robbins
Rudolf Serkin





1982



George Abbott
Lillian Gish
Benny Goodman
Gene Kelly
Eugene Ormandy





1983



Katherine Dunham
Elia Kazan
Frank Sinatra
James Stewart
Virgil Thomson





1984



Lena Horne
Danny Kaye
Gian Carlo Menotti
Arthur Miller
Isaac Stern





1985



Merce Cunningham
Irene Dunne
Bob Hope
Alan Jay Lerner & Frederick Loewe
Beverly Sills





1986



Lucille Ball
Hume Cronyn & Jessica Tandy
Yehudi Menuhin
Antony Tudor
Ray Charles





1987



Perry Como
Bette Davis
Sammy Davis Jr.
Nathan Milstein
Alwin Nikolais





1988



Alvin Ailey
George Burns
Myrna Loy
Alexander Schneider
Roger L. Stevens





1989



Harry Belafonte
Claudette Colbert
Alexandra Danilova
Mary Martin
William Schuman








Complete list
1970s
1980s
1990s
2000s
2010s












v
t
e


National Football Foundation Distinguished American Award recipients






1966: Carpenter
1969: MacLeish
1970: Lombardi
1971: Boyden
1972: Holland
1973: No award
1974: Hope
1975: Hesburgh
1976: Van Fleet
1977: Joyce
1978: No award
1979: Galbreath
1980: Russell
1981: Werblin
1982: Silver Anniversary (all honored) – Brown, Davis, Kemp, Ron Kramer, Swink
1983: Hess & Stewart
1984: Nelson
1985: Flynn
1986: Toner
1987: Sewell
1988: Rodgers
1989: Krause
1990: Rozelle
1991: Paterno
1992: Mara
1993: Kazmaier
1994: Bolden
1995: Osborne
1996: Monan, S.J
1997: No award
1998: Roy Kramer
1999: No award
2000: Decio
2001: Frank
2002: Young
2003: Khayat
2004: Casciola
2005: Page
2006: Tillman
2007: Bleier
2008: Pickens
2009: Payne
2010: Brokaw
2011: Roberts
2012: Bodenheimer
2013: Odierno
2014: No award
2015: Byrne, Tew & White
2016: McRaven












v
t
e


Screen Actors Guild Life Achievement Award






1962: Eddie Cantor
1963: Stan Laurel
1965: Bob Hope
1966: Barbara Stanwyck
1967: William Gargan
1968: James Stewart
1969: Edward G. Robinson
1970: Gregory Peck
1971: Charlton Heston
1972: Frank Sinatra
1973: Martha Raye
1974: Walter Pidgeon
1975: Rosalind Russell
1976: Pearl Bailey
1977: James Cagney
1978: Edgar Bergen
1979: Katharine Hepburn
1980: Leon Ames
1982: Danny Kaye
1983: Ralph Bellamy
1984: Iggie Wolfington
1985: Paul Newman and Joanne Woodward
1986: Nanette Fabray
1987: Red Skelton
1988: Gene Kelly
1989: Jack Lemmon
1990: Brock Peters
1991: Burt Lancaster
1992: Audrey Hepburn
1993: Ricardo Montalbán
1994: George Burns
1995: Robert Redford
1996: Angela Lansbury
1997: Elizabeth Taylor
1998: Kirk Douglas
1999: Sidney Poitier
2000: Ossie Davis and Ruby Dee
2001: Ed Asner
2002: Clint Eastwood
2003: Karl Malden
2004: James Garner
2005: Shirley Temple
2006: Julie Andrews
2007: Charles Durning
2008: James Earl Jones
2009: Betty White
2010: Ernest Borgnine
2011: Mary Tyler Moore
2012: Dick Van Dyke
2013: Rita Moreno
2014: Debbie Reynolds
2015: Carol Burnett
2016: Lily Tomlin












v
t
e


Volpi Cup for Best Actor



1934–1968



Wallace Beery (1934)
Pierre Blanchar (1935)
Paul Muni (1936)
Emil Jannings (1937)
Leslie Howard (1938)
Ermete Zacconi (1941)
Fosco Giachetti (1942)
Pierre Fresnay (1947)
Ernst Deutsch (1948)
Joseph Cotten (1949)
Sam Jaffe (1950)
Jean Gabin (1951)
Fredric March (1952)
Henri Vilbert (1953)
Jean Gabin (1954)
Curd Jürgens/Kenneth More (1955)
Bourvil (1956)
Anthony Franciosa (1957)
Alec Guinness (1958)
James Stewart (1959)
John Mills (1960)
Toshiro Mifune (1961)
Burt Lancaster (1962)
Albert Finney (1963)
Tom Courtenay (1964)
Toshiro Mifune (1965)
Jacques Perrin (1966)
Ljubiša Samardžić (1967)
John Marley (1968)





1983–2000



Guy Boyd/George Dzundza/David Alan Grier/Mitchell Lichtenstein/Matthew Modine/Michael Wright (1983)
Naseeruddin Shah (1984)
Gérard Depardieu (1985)
Carlo Delle Piane (1986)
Hugh Grant/James Wilby (1987)
Don Ameche/Joe Mantegna (1988)
Marcello Mastroianni/Massimo Troisi (1989)
Oleg Borisov (1990)
River Phoenix (1991)
Jack Lemmon (1992)
Fabrizio Bentivoglio/Marcello Mastroianni (1993)
Xia Yu/Roberto Citran (1994)
Götz George/Ian Hart (1995)
Liam Neeson/Chris Penn (1996)
Wesley Snipes (1997)
Sean Penn (1998)
Jim Broadbent (1999)
Javier Bardem (2000)





2001–present



Luigi Lo Cascio (2001)
Stefano Accorsi (2002)
Sean Penn (2003)
Javier Bardem (2004)
David Strathairn (2005)
Ben Affleck (2006)
Brad Pitt (2007)
Silvio Orlando (2008)
Colin Firth (2009)
Vincent Gallo (2010)
Michael Fassbender (2011)
Philip Seymour Hoffman/Joaquin Phoenix (2012)
Themis Panou (2013)
Adam Driver (2014)
Fabrice Luchini (2015)
Oscar Martínez (2016)














Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 116340765
LCCN: n84018652
ISNI: 0000 0001 2103 9797
GND: 118618059
SUDOC: 030959527
BNF: cb12227146g (data)
MusicBrainz: 50337821-531b-4604-8c9e-f4da2e9ab892
BNE: XX1060008
IATH: w6vq36h5










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=James_Stewart&oldid=792183715"					
Categories: Indiana County, Pennsylvania1908 births1997 deaths20th-century American male actors20th-century American poets20th-century PresbyteriansAcademy Honorary Award recipientsAmerican male film actorsAmerican male poetsAmerican male radio actorsAmerican male stage actorsAmerican male television actorsAmerican male voice actorsAmerican male writersAmerican military personnel of the Vietnam WarAmerican military personnel of World War IIAmerican people of Scottish descentAmerican PresbyteriansBest Actor Academy Award winnersBest Drama Actor Golden Globe (television) winnersBroadway theatre peopleBurials at Forest Lawn Memorial Park (Glendale)California RepublicansCecil B. DeMille Award Golden Globe winnersDeaths from pulmonary embolismDisease-related deaths in CaliforniaKennedy Center honoreesMale actors from Beverly Hills, CaliforniaMale actors from PennsylvaniaMale Western (genre) film actorsMercersburg Academy alumniMetro-Goldwyn-Mayer contract playersPennsylvania RepublicansPeople from Indiana, PennsylvaniaPresidential Medal of Freedom recipientsPrinceton University alumniRCA Victor artistsRecipients of the Air MedalRecipients of the Croix de guerre 1939–1945 (France)Recipients of the Distinguished Flying Cross (United States)Recipients of the Distinguished Service Medal (United States)Screen Actors Guild Life Achievement AwardSilver Bear for Best Actor winnersUnited States Air Force generalsUnited States Army Air Forces officersUnited States Army Air Forces pilots of World War IIVolpi Cup winnersCommercial aviatorsHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksArticles with hCardsAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from February 2012Wikipedia external links cleanup from May 2012Wikipedia spam cleanup from May 2012Articles with IBDb linksWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiersWikipedia articles with MusicBrainz identifiersWikipedia articles with SNAC-ID identifiersArticles containing video clips 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquote 



Languages


العربيةAragonésAsturianuAzərbaycancaБашҡортсаBislamaБългарскиBosanskiCatalàČeštinaCorsuCymraegDanskDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoEuskaraفارسیFrançaisFryskGaeilgeGàidhligGalego한국어ՀայերենHrvatskiIdoIlokanoBahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתქართულიLatinaLatviešuLëtzebuergeschLietuviųMagyarМакедонскиMalagasyമലയാളംმარგალურიمصرىNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålOccitanPlattdüütschPolskiPortuguêsRomânăRuna SimiРусскийScotsShqipSimple EnglishSlovenčinaکوردیСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaTagalogதமிழ்ไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаTiếng ViệtWinarayYorùbá粵語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 25 July 2017, at 00:07.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









James Stewart - Wikipedia






















 






James Stewart

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

"Jimmy Stewart" and "Jimmy Stuart" redirect here. For other uses, see Jimmy Stewart (disambiguation), Jimmy Stuart (disambiguation), and James Stewart (disambiguation).


James Stewart



Stewart in 1948



Born
James Maitland Stewart
(1908-05-20)May 20, 1908
Indiana, Pennsylvania, U.S.


Died
July 2, 1997(1997-07-02) (aged 89)
Beverly Hills, California, U.S.


Cause of death
Pulmonary embolism[1]


Resting place
Forest Lawn, Glendale, California


Other names
Jimmy Stewart


Alma mater
Princeton University (B.A., 1932)


Occupation
Actor, Military officer


Years active
1932–1991


Known for
First American movie star to enlist in World War II[2][N 1]


Notable work
Mr. Smith Goes to Washington, The Philadelphia Story, It's a Wonderful Life, Rear Window, Vertigo, The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance


Political party
Republican


Spouse(s)
Gloria Hatrick McLean (m. 1949; d. 1994)


Children
4 (including two stepchildren)


Awards
Academy Lifetime Achievement (1985)
Academy Award for Best Actor (1941)
Golden Globe Cecil B. DeMille Award (1965)
Golden Globe Award for Best Actor – Television Series Drama (1974)


James Maitland "Jimmy" Stewart (May 20, 1908 – July 2, 1997) was an American actor and military officer who is among the most honored and popular stars in film history. A major Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer contract player, Stewart was known for his distinctive drawl and down-to-earth persona, which helped him often portray American middle-class men struggling in crisis. Many of the films he starred in have become enduring classics.
Stewart was nominated for five Academy Awards, winning one in competition for The Philadelphia Story (1940), and received an Academy Lifetime Achievement award in 1985. In 1999, Stewart was named the third greatest male screen legend of the Golden Age of Hollywood by the American Film Institute, behind Humphrey Bogart and Cary Grant.[3] The American Film Institute has also named five of Stewart's films to its list of the 100 best American films ever made.[4]
He also had a noted military career and was a World War II and Vietnam War veteran and pilot, who rose to the rank of Brigadier General in the United States Air Force Reserve, becoming the highest-ranking actor in military history.[5]



Contents


1 Early life and career
2 Pre-war success
3 Military service
4 Postwar career
5 Collaborations with Hitchcock and Mann

5.1 Career in the 1960s and 1970s


6 Last years and later career
7 Personal life

7.1 Politics


8 Death
9 Filmography
10 Broadway performances
11 Radio appearances
12 Legacy
13 Honors and tributes
14 See also
15 References

15.1 Notes
15.2 Citations
15.3 Bibliography


16 External links



Early life and career[edit]




After the Thin Man (1936)


Stewart was born on May 20, 1908, in Indiana, Pennsylvania, the son of Elizabeth Ruth (née Jackson; March 16, 1875 – August 2, 1953) and Alexander Maitland Stewart (May 19, 1871 – December 28, 1961), who owned a hardware store.[6][7] Stewart was mainly of Scottish ancestry and was raised as a Presbyterian.[8][9][10] He was descended from veterans of the American Revolution, the War of 1812, and the American Civil War.[10] The eldest of three children (he had two younger sisters, Virginia and Mary), he was expected to continue his father's business, which had been in the family for three generations. His mother was an excellent pianist but his father discouraged Stewart's request for lessons. When his father accepted a gift of an accordion from a guest, young Stewart quickly learned to play the instrument, which became a fixture offstage during his acting career. As the family grew, music continued to be an important part of family life.[11]
Stewart attended Mercersburg Academy prep school, graduating in 1928. He was active in a variety of activities. He played on the football and track teams, was art editor of the KARUX yearbook, and a member of the choir club, glee club, and John Marshall Literary Society. During his first summer break, Stewart returned to his hometown to work as a brick loader for a local construction company and on highway and road construction jobs where he painted lines on the roads. Over the following two summers, he took a job as an assistant with a professional magician.[12] He made his first appearance onstage at Mercersburg, as Buquet in the play The Wolves.[13]
A shy child, Stewart spent much of his after-school time in the basement working on model airplanes, mechanical drawing and chemistry—all with a dream of going into aviation. It was a dream greatly enhanced by the legendary 1927 flight of Charles Lindbergh, whose progress 19-year-old Stewart, then stricken with scarlet fever, was himself avidly following from home; thus foreshadowing his starring movie role as Lindbergh 30 years later.[14]
However, he abandoned visions of being a pilot when his father insisted that instead of the United States Naval Academy he attend Princeton University. Stewart enrolled at Princeton in 1928 as a member of the class of 1932. He excelled at studying architecture, so impressing his professors with his thesis on an airport design that he was awarded a scholarship for graduate studies;[12] but he gradually became attracted to the school's drama and music clubs, including the Princeton Triangle Club.[15] His acting and accordion talents at Princeton led him to be invited to the University Players, an intercollegiate summer stock company in West Falmouth, Massachusetts, on Cape Cod. The company had been organized in 1928 and would run until 1932, with Joshua Logan, Bretaigne Windust and Charles Leatherbee as directors. Stewart performed in bit parts in the Players' productions in Cape Cod during the summer of 1932, after he graduated.
The troupe had previously included Henry Fonda and Margaret Sullavan. Stewart and Fonda became close friends over the summer of 1932 when they shared an apartment with Joshua Logan and Myron McCormick.[16] When Stewart came to New York at the end of the summer stock season, which had included the Broadway tryout of Goodbye Again, he shared an apartment with Fonda, who had by then finalized his divorce from Sullavan. Along with fellow University Players Alfred Dalrymple and Myron McCormick, Stewart debuted on Broadway in the brief run of Carry Nation and a few weeks later – again with McCormick and Dalrymple – as a chauffeur in the comedy Goodbye Again, in which he had two lines. The New Yorker commented, "Mr. James Stewart's chauffeur... comes on for three minutes and walks off to a round of spontaneous applause."[17]




Al Hirschfeld drawing from Yellow Jack (Stewart, upper-left)


The play was a moderate success, but times were hard. Many Broadway theaters had been converted to movie houses and the Depression was reaching bottom. "From 1932 through 1934", Stewart later recalled, "I'd only worked three months. Every play I got into folded."[18] By 1934, he was given more substantial stage roles, including the modest hit Page Miss Glory and his first dramatic stage role in Sidney Howard's Yellow Jack, which convinced him to continue his acting career. However, Stewart and Fonda, still roommates, were both struggling. In the fall of 1934, Fonda's success in The Farmer Takes a Wife took him to Hollywood. Finally, Stewart attracted the interest of MGM scout Bill Grady who saw Stewart on the opening night of Divided by Three, a glittering première with many luminaries in attendance, including Irving Berlin, Moss Hart and Fonda, who had returned to New York for the show. With Fonda's encouragement, Stewart agreed to take a screen test, after which he signed a contract with MGM in April 1935, as a contract player for up to seven years at $350 a week.[19]




Stewart made four features with Margaret Sullavan, the second of which was The Shopworn Angel (1938)


Upon Stewart's arrival by train in Los Angeles, Fonda greeted him at the station and took him to Fonda's studio-supplied lodging, next door to Greta Garbo. Stewart's first job at the studio was as a participant in screen tests with newly arrived starlets. At first, he had trouble being cast in Hollywood films owing to his gangling looks and shy, humble screen presence. Aside from an unbilled appearance in a Shemp Howard comedy short called Art Trouble in 1934, his first film was the poorly received Spencer Tracy vehicle, The Murder Man (1935). Rose Marie (1936), an adaptation of a popular operetta, was more successful. After having mixed success in films, he received his first intensely dramatic role in 1936's After the Thin Man, and played Jean Harlow's character's frustrated boyfriend in the Clark Gable vehicle Wife vs. Secretary earlier that same year.
On the romantic front, he dated newly divorced Ginger Rogers.[20] The romance soon cooled, however, and by chance Stewart encountered Margaret Sullavan again. Stewart found his footing in Hollywood thanks largely to Sullavan, who campaigned for Stewart to be her leading man in the 1936 romantic comedy Next Time We Love. She rehearsed extensively with him, having a noticeable effect on his confidence. She encouraged Stewart to feel comfortable with his unique mannerisms and boyish charm and use them naturally as his own style. Stewart was enjoying Hollywood life and had no regrets about giving up the stage, as he worked six days a week in the MGM factory.[21] In 1936, he acquired big-time agent Leland Hayward, who would eventually marry Sullavan. Hayward started to chart Stewart's career, deciding that the best path for him was through loan-outs to other studios.
Pre-war success[edit]




Frank Capra's comedy You Can't Take It With You (1938) was one of the films that brought Stewart widespread attention


In 1938 Stewart had a brief, tumultuous romance with Hollywood queen Norma Shearer, whose husband, Irving Thalberg, head of production at MGM, had died two years earlier. Stewart began a successful partnership with director Frank Capra in 1938, when he was loaned out to Columbia Pictures to star in You Can't Take It With You. Capra had been impressed by Stewart's minor role in Navy Blue and Gold (1937). The director had recently completed several well received films, including It Happened One Night (1934), and was looking for the right actor to suit his needs—other recent actors in Capra's films such as Clark Gable, Ronald Colman, and Gary Cooper did not quite fit. Not only was Stewart just what he was looking for, but Capra also found Stewart understood that prototype intuitively and required very little directing. Later Capra commented, "I think he's probably the best actor who's ever hit the screen."[22]
You Can't Take It With You, starring Capra's "favorite actress", comedian Jean Arthur, won the 1938 Best Picture Academy Award. The following year saw Stewart work with Capra and Arthur again in the political comedy-drama Mr. Smith Goes to Washington. Stewart replaced intended star Gary Cooper in the film, playing an idealist thrown into the political arena. Upon its October 1939 release, the film garnered critical praise and became a box-office success. Stewart received the first of five Academy Award nominations for Best Actor. Stewart's father was still trying to talk him into leaving Hollywood and its sinful ways and to return to his home town to lead a decent life. Stewart took a secret trip to Europe to take a break and returned home in 1939 just as Germany invaded Poland.[22]


You hear so much about the old movie moguls and the impersonal factories where there is no freedom. MGM was a wonderful place where decisions were made on my behalf by my superiors. What's wrong with that?

James Stewart, The Leading Men of MGM[23]
Destry Rides Again, also released in 1939, became Stewart's first western film, a genre with which he would become identified later in his career. In this western parody, he is a pacifist lawman and Marlene Dietrich is the dancing saloon girl who comes to love him, but does not get him. Off-screen, Dietrich did get her man, but the romance was short-lived.[24] Made for Each Other (1939) had Stewart sharing the screen with Carole Lombard in a melodrama that garnered good reviews for both stars, but did less well with the public. Newsweek wrote that they were "perfectly cast in the leading roles".[25] Between movies, Stewart began a radio career and became a distinctive voice on the Lux Radio Theater's The Screen Guild Theater and other shows. So well-known had his slow drawl become that comedians began impersonating him.[26]
In 1940 Stewart and Sullavan reunited for two films. The first, the Ernst Lubitsch romantic comedy, The Shop Around the Corner, starred them as co-workers unknowingly involved in a pen-pal romance but who cannot stand each other in real life. It was Stewart's fifth film of the year and one of the rare ones shot in sequence; it was completed in only 27 days.[27] The Mortal Storm, directed by Frank Borzage, was one of the first blatantly anti-Nazi films to be produced in Hollywood and featured Sullavan and Stewart as friends and then lovers caught in turmoil upon Hitler's rise to power, literally hunted down by their own friends.




Stewart won his only Academy Award for Best Actor for 1940's The Philadelphia Story. He is seen here with co-star Katharine Hepburn


Stewart also starred with Cary Grant and Katharine Hepburn in George Cukor's classic The Philadelphia Story (1940). His performance as an intrusive, fast-talking reporter earned him his only Academy Award in a competitive category (Best Actor, 1941); he beat out his good friend Henry Fonda (The Grapes of Wrath). Stewart thought his performance "entertaining and slick and smooth" but lacking the "guts" of "Mr. Smith".[28] Stewart gave the Oscar statuette to his father, who displayed it for many years in a case inside the front door of his hardware store, alongside other family awards and military medals.
During the months before he began military service, Stewart appeared in a series of screwball comedies with varying levels of success. He followed No Time for Comedy (1940) with Rosalind Russell and Come Live with Me (1941) with Hedy Lamarr with the Judy Garland musical Ziegfeld Girl and the George Marshall romantic comedy Pot o' Gold, featuring Paulette Goddard. Stewart was drafted in late 1940, a situation that coincided with the lapse in his MGM contract, marking a turning point in Stewart's career, with 28 movies to his credit at that point.[29]
Military service[edit]


James Stewart



Stewart receiving the French Croix de Guerre with Palm in 1944



Nickname(s)
Jimmy


Place of burial
Glendale, California


Allegiance
United States of America


Service/branch
United States Army Air Forces


Years of service
1941–1968


Rank
Brigadier General


Battles/wars

World War II

European Theater of Operations

Vietnam War


See also: List of awards and nominations received by James Stewart
Stewart's family on both sides had deep military roots, as both grandfathers had fought in the Civil War,[10] and his father had served during both the Spanish–American War and World War I. Stewart considered his father to be the biggest influence on his life, so it was not surprising that, when another war came, he too was willing to serve. Members of his family had previously been in the infantry, but Stewart chose to become a flier.[30]
An early interest in flying led Stewart to gain his Private Pilot certificate in 1935 and Commercial Pilot certificate in 1938. He often flew cross-country to visit his parents in Pennsylvania, navigating by the railroad tracks.[12] Nearly two years before the December 1941 attack on Pearl Harbor, Stewart had accumulated over 400 hours of flying time.[31]
Considered a highly proficient pilot, he entered a cross-country race as a co-pilot in 1939.[32] Stewart, along with musician/composer Hoagy Carmichael, saw the need for trained war pilots, and joined with other Hollywood celebrities to invest in Thunderbird Field, a pilot-training school built and operated by Southwest Airways in Glendale, Arizona. This airfield became part of the United States Army Air Forces training establishment and trained more than 10,000 pilots during World War II.[33]
In October 1940, Stewart was drafted into the United States Army but was rejected for failing to meet the weight requirements for his height for new recruits—Stewart was 2.3 kg (5 lb) under the standard. To get up to 65 kg (143 lb), he sought out the help of Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer's muscle man and trainer Don Loomis, who was noted for his ability to help people add or subtract weight in his studio gymnasium. Stewart subsequently attempted to enlist in the Air Corps, but still came in underweight, although he persuaded the enlistment officer to run new tests, this time passing the weigh-in,[34][N 2] with the result that Stewart enlisted and was inducted in the Army on March 22, 1941. He became the first major American movie star to wear a military uniform in World War II.[2]
Stewart enlisted as a private[12][35] but applied for an Air Corps commission and Service Pilot rating as both a college graduate and a licensed commercial pilot. Soon to be 33, he was almost six years beyond the maximum age restriction for Aviation Cadet training, the normal path of commissioning for pilots, navigators and bombardiers. The now-obsolete auxiliary pilot ratings (Glider Pilot, Liaison Pilot and Service Pilot) differed from the Aviation Cadet Program in that a higher maximum age limit and corrected vision were allowed upon initial entry. Stewart received his commission as a second lieutenant on January 1, 1942,[36] shortly after the attack on Pearl Harbor, while a corporal at Moffett Field, California. He received his Service Pilot rating at that time, under the Service Pilot program established in March 1942 for experienced former civilian pilots. Although Service Pilots were normally restricted to noncombat flying, they were permitted to fly overseas on cargo and utility transports, typically with Air Transport, Ferry or Troop Carrier Commands. Under the regulations of the period, a Service Pilot could obtain an unrestricted Pilot rating after one year of USAAF service on flying status, provided he met certain flight experience requirements and passed an evaluation board, and some did in fact go on to combat flying assignments.[37] Stewart's first assignment was an appearance at a March of Dimes rally in Washington, D.C., but Stewart wanted assignment to an operational unit rather than serving as a recruiting symbol. He applied for and was granted advanced training on multi-engine aircraft. Stewart was posted to nearby Mather Field to instruct in both single- and twin-engine aircraft.[35][38]


Play media


James Stewart in Winning Your Wings (1942)


Public appearances by Stewart were limited engagements scheduled by the Army Air Forces. "Stewart appeared several times on network radio with Edgar Bergen and Charlie McCarthy. Shortly after Pearl Harbor, he performed with Orson Welles, Edward G. Robinson, Walter Huston and Lionel Barrymore in an all-network radio program called We Hold These Truths, dedicated to the 150th anniversary of the Bill of Rights."[39] In early 1942, Stewart was asked to appear in a film to help recruit the 100,000 airmen the USAAF anticipated it would need to win the war. The USAAF's First Motion Picture Unit shot scenes of Lieutenant Stewart in his pilot's flight jacket and recorded his voice for narration. The short recruitment film Winning Your Wings appeared in movie theaters nationwide beginning in late May and was very successful, resulting in 150,000 new recruits.[40][41]
Stewart was concerned that his expertise and celebrity status would relegate him to instructor duties "behind the lines".[42] His fears were confirmed when, after his promotion to first lieutenant on July 7, 1942,[43] he was stationed from August to December 1942 at Kirtland Army Airfield in Albuquerque, New Mexico, piloting AT-11 Kansans used in training bombardiers. He was transferred to Hobbs Army Airfield, New Mexico, for three months of transition training in the four-engine B-17 Flying Fortress, then sent to the Combat Crew Processing Center in Salt Lake City, where he expected to be assigned to a combat unit. Instead, he was assigned in early 1943 to an operational training unit, the 29th Bombardment Group at Gowen Field, Boise, Idaho, as an instructor.[35] He was promoted to captain on July 9, 1943,[43] and appointed a squadron commander.[38] To Stewart, now 35, combat duty seemed far away and unreachable, and he had no clear plans for the future. However, a rumor that Stewart would be taken off flying status and assigned to making training films or selling bonds called for immediate action, because what he dreaded most was "the hope-shattering spectre of a dead end".[44] Stewart appealed to his commander, 30-year-old Lt. Col. Walter E. Arnold Jr., who understood his situation and recommended Stewart to the commander of the 445th Bombardment Group, a B-24 Liberator unit that had just completed initial training at Gowen Field and gone on to final training at Sioux City Army Air Base, Iowa.[45][N 3]




World War II bomber pilot in 1943


In August 1943, Stewart was assigned to the 445th Bomb Group as operations officer of the 703d Bombardment Squadron, but after three weeks became its commander. On October 12, 1943, judged ready to go overseas, the 445th Bomb Group staged to Lincoln Army Airfield, Nebraska. Flying individually, the aircraft first flew to Morrison Army Airfield, Florida, and then on the circuitous Southern Route along the coasts of South America and Africa to RAF Tibenham, Norfolk, England. After several weeks of training missions, in which Stewart flew with most of his combat crews, the group flew its first combat mission on December 13, 1943, to bomb the U-boat facilities at Kiel, Germany, followed three days later by a mission to Bremen. Stewart led the high squadron of the group formation on the first mission, and the entire group on the second.[47] Following a mission to Ludwigshafen, Germany, on January 7, 1944, Stewart was promoted to major.[47][N 4] Stewart was awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross for actions as deputy commander of the 2nd Combat Bombardment Wing on the first day of "Big Week" operations in February and flew two other missions that week.[49]
On March 22, 1944, Stewart flew his 12th combat mission, leading the 2nd Bomb Wing in an attack on Berlin. On March 30, 1944, he was sent to RAF Old Buckenham to become group operations officer of the 453rd Bombardment Group, a new B-24 unit that had just lost both its commander and operations officer on missions.[50] To inspire the unit, Stewart flew as command pilot in the lead B-24 on several missions deep into Nazi-occupied Europe. As a staff officer, Stewart was assigned to the 453rd "for the duration" and thus not subject to a quota of missions of a combat tour. He nevertheless assigned himself as a combat crewman on the group's missions until his promotion to lieutenant colonel on June 3[43] and reassignment on July 1, 1944, to the 2nd Bomb Wing, assigned as executive officer to Brigadier General Edward J. Timberlake. His official tally of mission credits while assigned to the 445th and 453rd Bomb Groups was 20 sorties.
Stewart continued to go on missions uncredited, flying with the pathfinder squadron of the 389th Bombardment Group, with his two former groups and with groups of the 20th Combat Bomb Wing.[51] He received a second award of the Distinguished Flying Cross for actions in combat and was awarded the French Croix de Guerre. He also was awarded the Air Medal with three oak leaf clusters.
Stewart served in a number of staff positions in the 2nd and 20th Bomb Wings between July 1944 and the end of the war in Europe, and was promoted to full colonel on March 29, 1945.[43][52]
On May 10, 1945, he succeeded to command of the 2nd Bomb Wing, a position he held until June 15.[53] Stewart was one of the few Americans to ever rise from private to colonel in only four years during the Second World War.[12][35]
At the beginning of June 1945, Stewart was the presiding officer of the court-martial of a pilot and navigator who were charged with dereliction of duty for having accidentally bombed the Swiss city of Zurich the previous March—the first instance of U.S. personnel being tried for an attack on a neutral country. The court acquitted the defendants.[54]
Stewart continued to play a role in the Army Air Forces Reserve following World War II and the new United States Air Force Reserve after the official establishment of the Air Force as an independent service in 1947.
Stewart received permanent promotion to colonel in 1953 and served as Air Force Reserve commander of Dobbins Air Force Base, Georgia, the present day Dobbins Air Reserve Base.[43][55] He was also one of the 12 founders and a charter member of the Air Force Association in October 1945. Stewart rarely spoke about his wartime service, but did appear in January 1974 in an episode of the TV series The World At War, "Whirlwind: Bombing Germany (September 1939 – April 1944)", commenting on the disastrous mission of October 14, 1943, against Schweinfurt, Germany. At his request, he was identified only as "James Stewart, Squadron Commander" in the documentary.[56][57]
On July 23, 1959, Stewart was promoted to brigadier general. During his active duty periods, he remained current as a pilot of Convair B-36 Peacemaker, Boeing B-47 Stratojet and Boeing B-52 Stratofortress intercontinental bombers of the Strategic Air Command.[58]
On February 20, 1966, Brigadier General Stewart flew as a non-duty observer in a B-52 on an Arc Light bombing mission during the Vietnam War. He refused the release of any publicity regarding his participation, as he did not want it treated as a stunt, but as part of his job as an officer in the Air Force Reserve.
After 27 years of service, Stewart retired from the Air Force on May 31, 1968.[59]
Stewart received a number of awards during his military service and upon his retirement was awarded the United States Air Force Distinguished Service Medal.
Postwar career[edit]
After the war, Stewart took time off to reassess his career.[60] He was an early investor in Southwest Airways, founded by Leland Hayward, and considered going into the aviation industry if his restarted film career did not prosper.[61] Upon Stewart's return to Hollywood in fall 1945, he decided not to renew his MGM contract. He signed with the MCA talent agency. His former agent Leland Hayward got out of the talent business in 1944 after selling his A-list of stars, including Stewart, to MCA.[62]




As George Bailey, with guardian angel Clarence, in It's a Wonderful Life (1946). Stewart was Oscar-nominated for the performance, and the film is widely considered a Christmas classic


For his first film in five years, Stewart appeared in his third and final Frank Capra production, It's a Wonderful Life.[63][N 5] The role was Stewart's first since returning from service in World War II, during which he experienced what is now recognized as post-traumatic stress disorder. Author Robert Matzen wrote that the movie provided an outlet for Stewart's raw feelings. He wrote that he did not think Stewart "had that kind of capacity before the war. It enabled him to be ferocious and to have that raw emotion.[64] Capra paid RKO for the rights to the story and formed his own production company, Liberty Films. The female lead went to Donna Reed when Capra's perennial first choice, Jean Arthur, was unavailable, and after Ginger Rogers, Olivia de Havilland, Ann Dvorak, and Martha Scott had all turned down the role.[65] Stewart appeared as George Bailey, an upstanding small-town man who becomes increasingly frustrated by his ordinary existence and financial troubles. Driven to suicide on Christmas Eve, he is led to reassess his life by Clarence Odbody,[66] an "angel, second class" played by Henry Travers.
Although It's a Wonderful Life was nominated for five Academy Awards, including Stewart's third Best Actor nomination, it received mixed reviews and only disappointingly moderate success at the box office.[67] However, in the decades since the film's release, it grew to define Stewart's film persona and is widely considered as a sentimental Christmas film classic and, according to the American Film Institute, one of the 100 best American movies ever made. In an interview with Michael Parkinson in 1973, Stewart declared that out of all the movies he had made, It's a Wonderful Life was his favorite. After viewing the film, President Harry S. Truman concluded, "If Bess and I had a son we'd want him to be just like Jimmy Stewart."[68] In the aftermath of the film, Capra's production company went into bankruptcy, while Stewart started to have doubts about his ability to act after his military hiatus.[69] His father kept insisting he come home and marry a local girl. Meanwhile, in Hollywood, his generation of actors were fading and a new wave of actors would soon remake the town, including Marlon Brando, Montgomery Clift and James Dean.[70]







Magic Town (1947), a comedy film directed by William A. Wellman, starring James Stewart and Jane Wyman, was one of the first films about the then-new science of public opinion polling. It was poorly received. He completed Rope (1948) directed by Alfred Hitchcock and Call Northside 777 (1948), and weathered two box-office disappointments with On Our Merry Way (1948), a comedic musical ensemble in which Stewart and Henry Fonda were paired as two jazz musicians, and You Gotta Stay Happy (1949), for which the posters depicted Stewart being kissed on one cheek by Joan Fontaine and on the other by a chimpanzee. In the documentary film James Stewart: A Wonderful Life (1987), hosted by Johnny Carson, Stewart said that he went back to Westerns in 1950 in part because of the string of flops.
He returned to the stage to star in Mary Coyle Chase's Harvey, which had opened to nearly universal praise in November 1944,[71] as Elwood P. Dowd, a wealthy eccentric living with his sister and niece, and whose best friend is an invisible rabbit as large as a man. Dowd's eccentricity, especially the friendship with the rabbit, is ruining the niece's hopes of finding a husband. While trying to have Dowd committed to a sanatorium, his sister is committed herself while the play follows Dowd on an ordinary day in his not-so-ordinary life. Stewart took over the role from Frank Fay and gained an increased Broadway following in the unconventional play.[71] The play, which ran for nearly three years with Stewart as its star, was successfully adapted into a 1950 film, directed by Henry Koster, with Stewart reprising his role and Josephine Hull portraying his sister. Bing Crosby was the first choice, but he declined.[72] Stewart received his fourth Best Actor nomination for his performance. Stewart also played the role on Broadway in 1970, which was shot on videotape for NBC as part of the Hallmark Hall of Fame series in 1972, and on the London stage in 1975.
After Harvey, the World War II film Malaya (1949) with Spencer Tracy, and the conventional but highly successful biographical film The Stratton Story in 1949, Stewart's first pairing with "on-screen wife" June Allyson, his career took another turn.[73] During the 1950s, he expanded into the Western and suspense genres, thanks to collaborations with Alfred Hitchcock and Anthony Mann.
Other performances by Stewart during this time include the critically acclaimed 1950 Delmer Daves Western Broken Arrow, which featured Stewart as an ex-soldier and Indian agent making peace with the Apache; a troubled clown in the 1952 Best Picture The Greatest Show on Earth; and Stewart's role as Charles Lindbergh in Billy Wilder's 1957 The Spirit of St. Louis. He also starred in the Western radio show The Six Shooter for its one-season run from 1953 to 1954. During this time, Stewart wore the same cowboy hat and rode the same horse, "Pie", in most of his Westerns.[74][75]
Cary Grant said of Stewart's acting technique:

He had the ability to talk naturally. He knew that in conversations people do often interrupt one another and it's not always so easy to get a thought out. It took a little time for the sound men to get used to him, but he had an enormous impact. And then, some years later, Marlon came out and did the same thing all over again—but what people forget is that Jimmy did it first.[76]

Collaborations with Hitchcock and Mann[edit]
In Stewart's collaborations with director Anthony Mann, he entered the realm of the western. Stewart's first appearance in a film directed by Mann came with the 1950 western, Winchester '73. In choosing Mann (after first choice Fritz Lang declined), Stewart cemented a powerful partnership.[77] The film, which became a box-office hit upon its release, set the pattern for their future collaborations. In it, Stewart is a tough, revengeful sharpshooter, the winner of a prized rifle which is stolen and then passes through many hands, until the showdown between Stewart and his brother (Stephen McNally).[77]




Stewart made eight films for director Anthony Mann. Five of them were Westerns, including The Naked Spur (1953).


Other Stewart–Mann westerns, such as Bend of the River (1952), The Naked Spur (1953), The Far Country (1954) and The Man from Laramie (1955), were perennial favorites among young audiences entranced by the American West. Frequently, the films featured Stewart as a troubled cowboy seeking redemption, while facing corrupt cattlemen, ranchers and outlaws—a man who knows violence first hand and struggles to control it. The Stewart–Mann collaborations laid the foundation for many of the westerns of the 1950s and remain popular today for their grittier, more realistic depiction of the classic movie genre. Audiences saw Stewart's screen persona evolve into a more mature, more ambiguous, and edgier presence.[78]
Stewart and Mann also collaborated on other films outside the western genre. The Glenn Miller Story (1954) was critically acclaimed, garnering Stewart a BAFTA Award nomination, and (together with The Spirit of St. Louis) continued Stewart's portrayals of 'American heroes'. Thunder Bay, released the same year, transplanted the plot arc of their western collaborations to a more contemporary setting, with Stewart as a Louisiana oil driller facing corruption. Strategic Air Command, released in 1955, allowed Stewart to use his experiences in the United States Air Force on film.
Stewart's starring role in Winchester '73 was also a turning point in Hollywood. Universal Studios, who wanted Stewart to appear in both that film and Harvey, balked at his $200,000 asking price. His agent, Lew Wasserman, brokered an alternate deal, in which Stewart would appear in both films for no pay, in exchange for a percentage of the profits as well as cast and director approval.[79] Stewart ended up earning about $600,000 for Winchester '73 alone.[79] Hollywood's other stars quickly capitalized on this new way of doing business, which further undermined the decaying "studio system".[80]
The second collaboration to define Stewart's career in the 1950s was with director Alfred Hitchcock. Like Mann, Hitchcock uncovered new depths to Stewart's acting, showing a protagonist confronting his fears and his repressed desires. Stewart's first movie with Hitchcock was the technologically innovative 1948 film Rope, shot in long "real time" takes.[81]




Rear Window (1954) was one of four films Stewart made with Alfred Hitchcock. Stewart became the highest-grossing star of 1954 as a result.


The two collaborated for the second of four times on the 1954 hit Rear Window, widely considered one of Hitchcock's masterpieces. Stewart portrays photographer L.B. "Jeff" Jeffries, loosely based on Life photographer Robert Capa, who projects his fantasies and fears onto the people he observes out his apartment window while on hiatus due to a broken leg. Jeffries gets into more than he can handle, however, when he believes he has witnessed a salesman (Raymond Burr) commit a murder, and when his glamorous girlfriend (Grace Kelly), at first disdainful of his voyeurism and skeptical about any crime, eventually is drawn in and tries to help solve the mystery. Limited by his wheelchair, Stewart is led by Hitchcock to react to what his character sees with mostly facial responses. It was a landmark year for Stewart, becoming the highest grossing actor of 1954 and the most popular Hollywood star in the world, displacing John Wayne.[82] Hitchcock and Stewart formed a corporation, Patron Inc., to produce the film, which later became the subject of a Supreme Court case Stewart v. Abend (1990).




With Kim Novak in Vertigo, 1958


After starring in Hitchcock's remake of the director's earlier production, The Man Who Knew Too Much (1956), with Doris Day, Stewart starred, with Kim Novak, in what many consider Hitchcock's most personal film, Vertigo (1958).[83] The movie starred Stewart as John "Scottie" Ferguson, a former police investigator suffering from acrophobia, who develops an obsession with a woman he is shadowing. Scottie's obsession inevitably leads to the destruction of everything he once had and believed in. Though the film is widely considered a classic today, Vertigo met with very mixed reviews and poor box-office receipts upon its release, and marked the last collaboration between Stewart and Hitchcock.[84] The director reportedly blamed the film's failure on Stewart looking too old to be Kim Novak's love interest, and cast Cary Grant as Roger Thornhill in North by Northwest (1959), a role Stewart had very much wanted. (Grant was actually four years older than Stewart but photographed much younger.) Today, Vertigo is ranked highest in the 2012 Sight & Sound critics poll for the greatest films ever made, taking the title from long-standing favorite Citizen Kane.[85]
Career in the 1960s and 1970s[edit]




Anatomy of a Murder (1959)


In 1960, Stewart was awarded the New York Film Critics Circle Award for Best Actor and received his fifth and final Academy Award for Best Actor nomination, for his role in the 1959 Otto Preminger film Anatomy of a Murder. This courtroom drama stars Stewart as Paul Biegler, the lawyer of a hot-tempered soldier (played by Ben Gazzara) who claims temporary insanity after murdering a tavern owner who raped his wife. The film featured a career-making performance by George C. Scott as the prosecutor. The film was considered quite explicit for its time, and it was a box-office success.[86] Stewart's nomination was one of seven for the film (Charlton Heston was the winner with Ben-Hur), and saw his transition into the final decades of his career.
On January 1, 1960, Stewart received news of the death of Margaret Sullavan.[87] As a friend, mentor, and focus of his early romantic feelings, she had a unique influence on Stewart's life. On April 17, 1961, longtime friend Gary Cooper was too ill to attend the 33rd Academy Awards ceremony, so Stewart accepted the honorary Oscar on his behalf. Stewart's emotional speech hinted that something was seriously wrong, and the next day newspapers ran the headline, "Gary Cooper has cancer". One month later, on May 13, 1961, six days after his 60th birthday, Cooper died.
In the early 1960s, Stewart took leading roles in three John Ford films, his first work with the director. The first, Two Rode Together, paired him with Richard Widmark in a Western with thematic echoes of Ford's The Searchers. The next, 1962's The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance, Stewart's first picture with John Wayne, is a classic "psychological" western, shot in black and white film noir style featuring powerful use of shadows in the climactic sequence, with Stewart as an Eastern attorney who goes against his non-violent principles when he is forced to confront a psychopathic outlaw (played by Lee Marvin) in a small frontier town. At story's end, Stewart's character — now a rising political figure — faces a difficult ethical choice as he attempts to reconcile his actions with his personal integrity. The film's billing is unusual in that Stewart was given top billing over Wayne in the trailers and on the posters but Wayne was listed above Stewart in the film itself. The complex picture garnered mixed reviews but was an instant hit at the box office and became a critical favorite over the ensuing decades.




How the West Was Won (1962)



How the West Was Won (which Ford co-directed, though without directing Stewart's scenes) and Cheyenne Autumn were western epics released in 1962 and 1964 respectively. One of only a handful of movies filmed in true Cinerama, shot with three cameras and exhibited with three simultaneous projectors in theatres, How the West Was Won went on to win three Oscars and reap massive box-office figures. Cheyenne Autumn, in which a white-suited Stewart played Wyatt Earp in a long semi-comedic sequence in the middle of the movie, failed domestically and was quickly forgotten. The historical drama was Ford's final Western and Stewart's last feature film with Ford. Stewart's entertainingly memorable middle sequence is not directly connected with the rest of the film and was often excised from the lengthy film in later theatrical exhibition prints and some television broadcasts.
Having played his last romantic lead in Bell, Book and Candle (1958), with Kim Novak, and silver-haired (although not all was his—he wore a partial hairpiece starting with It's a Wonderful Life and in every film thereafter), Stewart transitioned into more family-related films in the 1960s when he signed a multi-movie deal with 20th Century Fox. These included the successful Henry Koster outing Mr. Hobbs Takes a Vacation (1962), and the less memorable films Take Her, She's Mine (1963) and Dear Brigitte (1965), which featured French model Brigitte Bardot as the object of Stewart's son's mash notes. The Civil War period film Shenandoah (1965) and the western family film The Rare Breed fared better at the box office; the Civil War movie, with strong antiwar and humanitarian themes, was a hit in the South.[citation needed]




In 1973 TV series Hawkins.


As an aviator, Stewart was particularly interested in aviation films and had pushed to appear in several in the 1950s, including No Highway in the Sky (1951), and Strategic Air Command (1955) and The Spirit of St. Louis (1957). He continued in this vein in the 1960s, in a role as a hard-bitten pilot in The Flight of the Phoenix (1965). Subbing for Stewart, famed stunt pilot and air racer Paul Mantz was killed when he crashed the "Tallmantz Phoenix P-1", the specially made, single-engined movie airplane, in an abortive "touch-and-go". Stewart also narrated the film X-15 in 1961. In 1964, he and several other military aviators, including Curtis LeMay, Paul Tibbets, Bruce Sundlun and Arthur Godfrey, became the founding directors on the board of Executive Jet Aviation Corporation.[88]
After a progression of lesser western films in the late 1960s and early 1970s, Stewart transitioned from cinema to television. In the 1950s he had made guest appearances on the Jack Benny Program. Stewart first starred in the NBC comedy The Jimmy Stewart Show, on which he played a college professor. He followed it with the CBS mystery Hawkins, in which he played a small town lawyer investigating cases, similar to his character in Anatomy of a Murder. The series garnered Stewart a Golden Globe for Best Actor in a Dramatic TV Series, but failed to gain a wide audience, possibly because it rotated with Shaft, another high-quality series but with a starkly conflicting demographic, and was cancelled after one season. During this time, Stewart periodically appeared on Johnny Carson's The Tonight Show, sharing poems he had written at different times in his life. His poems were later compiled into a short collection, Jimmy Stewart and His Poems (1989).[89][90]
Stewart returned to films after an absence of five years with a major supporting role in John Wayne's final film, The Shootist (1976) where Stewart played a doctor giving Wayne's gunfighter a terminal cancer diagnosis. At one point, both Wayne and Stewart were flubbing their lines repeatedly and Stewart turned to director Don Siegel and said, "You'd better get two better actors." Stewart also appeared in supporting roles in Airport '77, the 1978 remake of The Big Sleep starring Robert Mitchum as Raymond Chandler's Philip Marlowe, and The Magic of Lassie (1978). All three movies received poor reviews, and The Magic of Lassie flopped at the box office.
Last years and later career[edit]




Speaking at The Kennedy Center on Inauguration Day, 1981, in Washington D.C.


Following the failure of The Magic of Lassie, Stewart went into semi-retirement from acting. He donated his papers, films, and other records to Brigham Young University's Harold B. Lee Library in 1983.[91] Stewart had diversified investments including real estate, oil wells, a charter-plane company and membership on major corporate boards, and he became a multimillionaire. In the 1980s and '90s, he did voiceover work for commercials for Campbell's Soups.
Stewart's longtime friend Henry Fonda died in 1982, and former co-star and friend Grace Kelly died after a car crash shortly afterwards. A few months later, Stewart starred with Bette Davis in Right of Way. He filmed several television movies in the 1980s, including Mr. Krueger's Christmas, which allowed him to fulfill a lifelong dream to conduct the Mormon Tabernacle Choir.[92] He made frequent visits to the Reagan White House and traveled on the lecture circuit. The re-release of his Hitchcock films gained Stewart renewed recognition. Rear Window and Vertigo were particularly praised by film critics, which helped bring these pictures to the attention of younger movie-goers. He was presented an Academy Honorary Award by Cary Grant in 1985, "for his 50 years of memorable performances, for his high ideals both on and off the screen, with respect and affection of his colleagues".[68]
In 1988, Stewart made an impassioned plea in Congressional hearings, along with, among many others, Burt Lancaster, Katharine Hepburn, Ginger Rogers, and film director Martin Scorsese, against Ted Turner's decision to 'colorize' classic black and white films, including It's a Wonderful Life. Stewart stated, "the coloring of black-and-white films is wrong. It's morally and artistically wrong and these profiteers should leave our film industry alone".[93]
In 1989, Stewart founded the American Spirit Foundation to apply entertainment industry resources to developing innovative approaches to public education and to assist the emerging democracy movements in the former Iron Curtain countries. Peter F. Paul arranged for Stewart, through the offices of President Boris Yeltsin, to send a special print of It's a Wonderful Life, translated by Lomonosov Moscow State University, to Russia as the first American program ever to be broadcast on Russian television. It first aired on Russian TV Channel 2 on January 5, 1992, the first day of the existence of the Commonwealth of Independent States and Russian Orthodox Christmas.
In association with politicians and celebrities such as President Ronald Reagan, Supreme Court Chief Justice Warren Burger, California Governor George Deukmejian, Bob Hope and Charlton Heston, Stewart worked from 1987 to 1993 on projects that enhanced the public appreciation and understanding of the U.S. Constitution and Bill of Rights.
In 1991, James Stewart voiced the character of Sheriff Wylie Burp in the movie An American Tail: Fievel Goes West, which was his last film role. Shortly before his 80th birthday, he was asked how he wanted to be remembered. "As someone who 'believed in hard work and love of country, love of family and love of community.'"[68]
Personal life[edit]
Stewart was almost universally described by his collaborators as a kind, soft-spoken man and a true professional.[94] Joan Crawford praised the actor as an "endearing perfectionist" with "a droll sense of humor and a shy way of watching you to see if you react to that humor".[68]




Stewart was married to Gloria Hatrick McLean from 1949 to her death in 1994


When Henry Fonda moved to Hollywood in 1934, he was again a roommate with Stewart in an apartment in Brentwood,[95] and the two gained reputations as playboys.[96] Both men's children later noted that their favorite activity when not working seemed to be quietly sharing time together while building and painting model airplanes, a hobby they had taken up in New York, years earlier.[97]
After World War II, Stewart settled down, at age 41, marrying former model Gloria Hatrick McLean on August 9, 1949. As Stewart loved to recount in self-mockery, "I, I, I pitched the big question to her last night and to my surprise she, she, she said yes!"[98] Stewart adopted her two sons, Michael and Ronald, and with Gloria he had twin daughters, Judy and Kelly, on May 7, 1951. The couple remained married until her death from lung cancer on February 16, 1994, at the age of 75. Ronald McLean was killed in action in Vietnam on June 8, 1969, at the age of 24, while serving as a lieutenant in the Marine Corps.[99][100] Daughter Kelly Stewart is a physical anthropologist.[101]
Stewart was active in philanthropy over the years. His signature charity event, "The Jimmy Stewart Relay Marathon Race", held each year since 1982, has raised millions of dollars for the Child and Family Development Center at St. John's Health Center in Santa Monica, California.[12] He was a lifelong supporter of Scouting, having been a Second Class Scout when he was a youth, an adult Scout leader, and a recipient of the prestigious Silver Buffalo Award from the Boy Scouts of America (BSA). In later years, he made advertisements for the BSA, which led to his being sometimes incorrectly identified as an Eagle Scout.[102] An award for Boy Scouts, "The James M. Stewart Good Citizenship Award" has been presented since May 17, 2003.[103]
Stewart was a Life Member of the Sons of the Revolution in the State of California.[104]
One of Stewart's lesser-known talents was his homespun poetry. Once, while on The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson, he read a poem entitled "Beau" that he had written about his dog. By the end of this reading, Carson's eyes were welling with tears.[105] This was later parodied on a late 1980s episode of the NBC sketch show Saturday Night Live, with Dana Carvey as Stewart reciting the poem on Weekend Update and bringing anchor Dennis Miller to tears. He was also an avid gardener. Stewart purchased the house next door to his Beverly Hills home, had it razed, and installed his garden on the lot.[106]
Politics[edit]
Stewart was a staunch Republican[107] and actively campaigned for Richard Nixon and Ronald Reagan. He was a hawk on the Vietnam War, and maintained that his stepson, Ronald, did not die in vain. Stewart actively supported Reagan's bid to win the Republican presidential nomination in 1976.
Following the assassination of Senator Robert F. Kennedy in 1968, Stewart, Charlton Heston, Kirk Douglas and Gregory Peck issued a statement calling for support of President Lyndon Johnson's Gun Control Act of 1968.
One of his best friends was fellow actor Henry Fonda, despite the fact that the two had very different political ideologies. A political argument in 1947 resulted in a fistfight, but they maintained their friendship by never discussing politics again.[108] This tale may be apocryphal as Jhan Robbins quotes Stewart as saying: "Our views never interfered with our feelings for each other, we just didn't talk about certain things. I can't remember ever having an argument with him—ever!" However, Jane Fonda told Donald Dewey for his 1996 biography of Stewart that her father did have a falling out with Stewart at that time, although she did not know whether it was because of their political differences. There is a brief reference to their political differences in character in their movie The Cheyenne Social Club. In the last years of his life, he donated to the campaign of Bob Dole in the 1996 presidential election and to Democratic Florida governor Bob Graham in his successful run for the Senate.[107]
Death[edit]




James Stewart's grave



Stewart was hospitalized after falling over in December 1995.[109] In December 1996, he was due to have the battery in his pacemaker changed, but opted not to, preferring to let things happen naturally. In February 1997, he was hospitalized for an irregular heartbeat. On June 25, a thrombosis formed in his right leg, leading to a pulmonary embolism one week later. Surrounded by his children on July 2, 1997, Stewart died at the age of 89 at his home in Beverly Hills, California, with his final words to his family being, "I'm going to be with Gloria now."[110] President Bill Clinton commented that America had lost a "national treasure ... a great actor, a gentleman and a patriot".[68] Over 3,000 mourners, mostly celebrities, attended Stewart's memorial service, which included a firing of three volleys for his service in the Army Air Forces and the U.S. Air Force.[111] Stewart's remains are interred at Forest Lawn Memorial Park in Glendale, California.[112]
Filmography[edit]




In Frank Borzage's The Mortal Storm



Main article: James Stewart filmography
From the beginning of Stewart's film career in 1935, through his final theatrical project in 1991, he appeared in more than 92 films, television programs and shorts. Five of his movies were included on the American Film Institute's list of the 100 greatest American films: Mr. Smith Goes to Washington; The Philadelphia Story; It's a Wonderful Life; Rear Window and Vertigo. His roles in Mr. Smith Goes to Washington, The Philadelphia Story, It's a Wonderful Life, Harvey, and Anatomy of a Murder earned him Academy Award nominations—with one win for The Philadelphia Story.
Broadway performances[edit]

Carry Nation as "Constable Gano" (October – November 1932)
Goodbye Again as "Chauffeur" (December 1932 – July 1933)
Spring in Autumn as "Jack Brennan" (October–November 1933)
All Good Americans as "Johnny Chadwick" (December 1933 – January 1934)
Yellow Jack as "Sgt. John O'Hara" (May 1934)
Divided By Three as "Teddy Parrish" (October 1934)
Page Miss Glory as "Ed Olsen" (November 1934 – March 1935)
A Journey By Night as "Carl" (April 1935)
Harvey as "Elwood P. Dowd" (July–August 1947, July–August 1948, replacing vacationing Frank Fay, who created the role on Broadway)[N 6]
Harvey as "Elwood P. Dowd" (revival, February–May 1970)
A Gala Tribute to Joshua Logan as himself (March 9, 1975)

Radio appearances[edit]


Year
Program
Episode/source


1937
Lux Radio Theatre
Madame X


1939
The Gulf Screen Guild Theater
Tailored By Toni


1939
The Gulf Screen Guild Theater
Going My Way


1940
The Gulf Screen Guild Theater
Single Crossing


1940
Screen Guild Players
The Shop Around the Corner[113]


1945
Lux Radio Theatre
Destry Rides Again


1946
Suspense
"Consequence"[114]


1947
Lux Radio Theatre
It's A Wonderful Life


1947
Lux Radio Theatre
Magic Town


1948
Readers' Digest Radio Edition
One Way to Broadway[113]


1949
Suspense
Mission Completed[113]


1949
Lux Radio Theatre
You Gotta Stay Happy


1949
Lux Radio Theatre
June Bride


1949
Screen Directors Playhouse
Call Northside 777


1950
Lux Radio Theatre
The Stratton Story


1951
Lux Radio Theatre
When Johnny Comes Marching Home


1951
Lux Radio Theatre
Winchester '73


1952
Lux Radio Theatre
No Highway in the Sky


1953
Theatre Guild on the Air
O'Halloran's Luck''[115]


1953-4
The Six Shooter
Starred as Britt Ponset


Legacy[edit]




Photo by Carl Van Vechten (1934)


Throughout his seven decades in Hollywood, Stewart cultivated a versatile career and recognized screen image in such classics as Mr. Smith Goes to Washington, The Mortal Storm, The Philadelphia Story, Harvey, It's a Wonderful Life, Shenandoah, The Glenn Miller Story, Rear Window, Rope, The Man Who Knew Too Much, The Shop Around the Corner, The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance and Vertigo. He is the most represented leading actor on the AFI's 100 Years…100 Movies (10th Anniversary Edition) and AFI's 10 Top 10 lists. He is the most represented leading actor on the 100 Greatest Movies of All Time list presented by Entertainment Weekly. As of 2007, ten of his films have been inducted into the United States National Film Registry. As part of their 100 Years Series, Stewart was named the third greatest screen legend actor in American film history by the AFI in 1999.[3]
Stewart left his mark on a wide range of film genres, including westerns, suspense thrillers, family films, biographies, and screwball comedies. He worked for many renowned directors during his career, among them Frank Capra, George Cukor, Henry Hathaway, Cecil B. DeMille, Ernst Lubitsch, Frank Borzage, George Stevens, Alfred Hitchcock, John Ford, Billy Wilder, Don Siegel, and Anthony Mann. He won many of the industry's highest honors and earned Lifetime Achievement awards from every major film organization, and is often considered to be one of the most influential actors in the history of American cinema.
Honors and tributes[edit]
Main article: List of awards and nominations received by James Stewart
Stewart was the recipient of many official accolades throughout his life, receiving film industry awards, military and civilian medals, honorary degrees, and memorials and tributes for his contribution to the performing arts, humanitarianism, and military service.
The library at Brigham Young University houses his personal papers and movie memorabilia including his Academy Award for Best Actor.[116][117]
In February 1980, Stewart was honored by Freedoms Foundation of Valley Forge, Pennsylvania, along with U.S. Senator Jake Garn, U.S. Ambassador Shirley Temple Black, singer John Denver, and Tom Abraham, a businessman from Canadian, Texas, who worked with immigrants seeking to become U.S. citizens.[118]
On May 20, 1995, his 87th birthday, The James M. Stewart Foundation was created to honor James Stewart. In concert with his family members, the foundation also established The Jimmy Stewart Museum in his hometown of Indiana, Pennsylvania. The foundation was created to "preserve, promote and enshrine the accomplishments of James M. Stewart, actor, soldier, civic leader, and world citizen..." The registered office is at 835 Philadelphia Street, Indiana, Pa, 15701 and is located within easy walking distance of his place of birth, the home in which he grew up, and the former location of his father's hardware store. A large statue of Stewart stands on the lawn of the Indiana County Courthouse, just feet from the museum.
The Jimmy Stewart Museum houses movie posters and photos, awards, personal artifacts, a gift shop and an intimate 1930's era theatre in which his films are regularly shown.
See also[edit]

List of film collaborations



United States Air Force portal
Biography portal
Film portal


References[edit]
Notes[edit]



^ MGM head Louis B. Mayer first tried to talk Stewart out of enlisting, claiming he would be sacrificing his career. "Mayer was just so desperate to say something that would keep me from enlisting", recalls Stewart... I said, "Mr. Mayer, this country's conscience is bigger than all the studios in Hollywood put together, and the time will come when we'll have to fight...The next thing he did was announce a big going-away party for me, and every star at the studio was summoned to be there... That was one big party."[2]
^ Stewart later confided that he had a 'friend' operating the weight scales.[34]
^ Walter E. "Pop" Arnold became commander of the 485th Bombardment Group in September 1943 and his B-24 was shot down over eastern Germany on August 27, 1944, making him a prisoner of war.[46]
^ While leading the 445th on this date, Stewart made a decision in combat to not break formation from another group that had made an error in navigation. The other group lost four bombers in a subsequent interception, but Stewart's decision possibly saved it from annihilation and incurred considerable damage to his own 48 aircraft. His decision resulted in a letter of commendation and promotion to major on January 20, 1944. Sy Bartlett and Beirne Lay used the episode in their novel 12 O'Clock High.[43][47][48]
^ Although Stewart was always Capra's first choice, in an interview later in life, he conceded that "Henry Fonda was in the running."[63]
^ The reference does not mention the second set of dates, nor that Frank Fay created the role.



Citations[edit]


^ "James Stewart, the Hesitant Hero, Dies at 89". The New York Times. July 3, 1997. 
^ a b c Munn, Michael. Jimmy Stewart: The Truth Behind the Legend, Skyhorse Publishing (2013) ebook
^ a b "AFI's 100 Years ... 100 Stars". American Film Institute (Afi.com). June 16, 1999. Retrieved June 22, 2013. 
^ http://www.afi.com/laa/laa80.aspx
^ Smith, Lynn (March 30, 2003). "In Supporting Roles". Los Angeles Times. p. 193. 
^ "James Stewart profile". FilmReference.com. Retrieved January 11, 2011.
^ "Ancestry of Jimmy Stewart". genealogy.about.com. Retrieved October 28, 2012.
^ "Movies: Best Pictures". The New York Times. Retrieved March 7, 2012.
^ "Jimmy Stewart profile". adherents.com. Retrieved March 7, 2012.
^ a b c Eliot 2006, pp. 11–12.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 15.
^ a b c d e f "Biography". The Jimmy Stewart Museum. Retrieved January 11, 2011.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 31.
^ Berg, A. Scott (1999). Lindbergh. New York, NY: Berkley/Penguin. p. 121. ISBN 978-0-425-17041-0. 
^ "Princeton Triangle Club" Archived 2011-10-02 at the Wayback Machine.. princeton.edu. Retrieved January 11, 2011.
^ Fonda and Teichmann 1981, p. 74.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 57.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 58.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 65.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 74.
^ Eliot 2006, pp. 84, 87.
^ a b Eliot 2006, p. 105.
^ Wayne 2004, p. 447.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 139.
^ Jones, McClure and Twomey 1970, p. 67.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 112.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 144.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 167.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 168.
^ Smith 2005, pp. 25–26.
^ "Brigadier General James Stewart". National Museum of the United States Air Force. Retrieved November 2, 2011.
^ Smith 2005, p. 26.
^ "Thunderbird Field". airfields-freeman.com. Retrieved November 2, 2011.
^ a b Smith 2005, p. 30.
^ a b c d "Brigadier General James Stewart". Something About Everything Military. Retrieved September 7, 2008.
^ Associated Press, "James Stewart Now Is Second Lieutenant", The Spokesman-Review, Spokane, Washington, Friday 2 January 1942, Volume 59, Number 233, page 2.
^ U.S. Army Air Forces (01 October 1943). Section 11 - Aeronautical Ratings, in Pilot's Information File (PIF 1-11-8), War Department, Washington, DC
^ a b McGowan, Sam. "From Private to Colonel". WWII History, Volume 11, July 2012, p. 42.
^ Smith 2005, pp. 31–32.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 181.
^ Biederman, Patricia Ward. "Winning the war, one frame at a time". Los Angeles Times, October 30, 2002. Retrieved September 7, 2008.
^ Smith 2005, p. 31.
^ a b c d e f Smith 2005, p. 273.
^ Smith 2005, pp. 49–50.
^ McGowan "From Private to Colonel", p. 43.
^ "485th Stories". 485thbg.org. 
^ a b c McGowan "From Private to Colonel", p. 44.
^ Bowman 1979, p. 26.
^ McGowan "From Private to Colonel", p. 45.
^ McGowan "From Private to Colonel", pp. 45–46.
^ McGowan "From Private to Colonel", pp. 46–47.
^ McGowan "From Private to Colonel", p. 47.
^ Maurer 1983, p. 375.
^ Helmreich, Dr. Jonathan E. "The Bombing of Zurich". Maxwell Air Force Base. Retrieved March 28, 2010.
^ "FBI Award". FBI. Retrieved March 7, 2012.
^ Smith 2005, p. 60.
^ Whirlwind: Bombing Empire YouTube
^ Swopes, Bryan R. (February 20, 2014). "20 February 1966 | This Day in Aviation". Photo credits: Bettmann/CORBIS, U.S. Air Force, Los Angeles Times, AP, RAF Old Buckenham. thisdayinaviation.com. Archived from the original on 5 April 2014. Retrieved April 4, 2014. 
^ "Stewart profile". U.S. Air Force. Retrieved March 7, 2012.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 196.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 199.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 197.
^ a b Cox 2005, p. 6.
^ Bates, Dan. "Jimmy Stewart used his PTSD from WWII in It’s a Wonderful Life". Mail Online. Retrieved 26 December 2016. 
^ Eliot 2006, p. 203.
^ Cox 2005, p. 70.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 209.
^ a b c d e "Obituary: James Stewart, the hesitant hero, dies at 89". The New York Times, July 3, 1997.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 211.
^ Eliot 2006, pp. 208, 211.
^ a b Eliot 2006, p. 214.
^ Eliot 2006, pp. 208, 213.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 237.
^ "James Stewart's Horse". Wild West net. Retrieved March 13, 2010.
^ "James Stewart profile". Film Reference.com. Retrieved March 13, 2010.
^ "Jimmy Stewart: The Biggest Little Man". Orlando Sentinel. 
^ a b Eliot 2006, p. 248.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 251.
^ a b Eliot 2006, p. 245.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 254.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 220.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 278.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 310.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 321.
^ "Vertigo is named 'greatest film of all time'". BBC News, August 2, 2012. Retrieved September 22, 2013.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 332.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 337.
^ "Paul Tibbets: A Rendezvous With History, Part 3". Airport Journals, June 2003.
^ Krier, Beth Ann. "The muse within Jimmy Stewart". Los Angeles Times, September 10, 1989.
^ Stewart, Jimmy (August 19, 1989). Jimmy Stewart and His Poems. Crown. ISBN 978-0517573822. 
^ Tollestrup, Jon. "Collections: Thousands of Artifacts, Centuries of History" The Daily Universe, February 13, 2006.
^ Bauman, Joe (January 26, 2009). "Utah-Hollywood connection runs deep". Deseret News. p. B2. 
^ Eliot 2006, p. 405.
^ Eliot 2006, pp. 164–68.
^ Fonda and Teichmann 1981, p. 106.
^ Fonda and Teichmann 1981, pp. 107–08.
^ Fonda and Teichmann 1981, p. 97.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 239.
^ "Gloria Stewart obituary". The New York Times, February 18, 1994.
^ "1LT Ronald Walsh McLean". VirtualWall.org. Retrieved June 27, 2013.
^ "Kelly Stewart". anthro.ucdavis.edu. Retrieved March 7, 2012. Archived May 17, 2011, at the Wayback Machine.
^ Lawson, Terry C. Erroneous Eagle Scouts Letter. Eagle Scout Service, National Eagle Scout Association, Boy Scouts of America (2005). Retrieved June 9, 2005.
^ "James M. Stewart Good Citizenship Award", jimmy.org. Retrieved March 7, 2012.
^ "It's a Wonderful Life for a fellow member!!" srcalifornia.com, Fall 1995. Retrieved August 2, 2012.
^ McMahon, Ed. "Ed McMahon says farewell to Johnny Carson". MSNBC, September 12, 2006, p. 3.
^ Nichols, Mary E. "James Stewart: The Star of It’s a Wonderful Life and The Philadelphia Story in Beverly Hills". Architectural Digest. Retrieved September 22, 2013.
^ a b "Political Donations". newsmeat.com. Retrieved March 7, 2012.
^ Robbins 1985, p. 99.
^ "James Stewart Hospitalized After Falling at His Home". LA Times. 22 December 1995. 
^ "James Stewart – Classic Cinema Gold". 
^ "James Stewart Biography". The Biography Channel. Retrieved September 22, 2013.
^ Ellenberger, Allan R. (2001). Celebrities in Los Angeles Cemeteries: A Directory. Jefferson, NC: McFarland & Company. p. 72. ISBN 978-0-7864-0983-9. 
^ a b c "Those Were The Days". Nostalgia Digest. 41 (3): 32–39. Summer 2015. 
^ http://www.escape-suspense.com/2008/06/suspense---cons.html 
^ Kirby, Walter (March 1, 1953). "Better Radio Programs for the Week". The Decatur Daily Review. p. 46. Retrieved June 23, 2015 – via Newspapers.com.  
^ "Jimmy Stewart". Deseret News. July 4, 1997. 
^ Carter, Edward L. (July 4, 1997). "BYU ready to expand its Stewart collection". Deseret News. 
^ "Tom Abraham to be honored by Freedoms Foundation Feb. 22", Canadian Record, Canadian, Texas, February 14, 1980, p. 19.


Bibliography[edit]


Beaver, Jim. "James Stewart". Films in Review, October 1980.
Bowman, Martin. B-24 Liberator 1939–1945, London: Patrick Stephens Ltd., 1979 ISBN 978-0-52881-538-6.
Coe, Jonathan. James Stewart: Leading Man. London: Bloomsbury, 1994. ISBN 978-0-14029-467-5.
Collins, Thomas W. Jr."Stewart, James". American National Biography Online. Retrieved February 18, 2007.
Cox, Stephen. It's a Wonderful Life: A Memory Book. Nashville, Tennessee: Cumberland House, 2003. ISBN 978-1-58182-337-0.
Eliot, Mark. Jimmy Stewart: A Biography. New York: Random House, 2006. ISBN 978-1-40005-222-6.
Fonda, Henry as told to Howard Teichmann. Fonda: My Life. New York: A Signet Book, New American Library, 1981. ISBN 0-451-11858-8.
Houghton, Norris. But Not Forgotten: The Adventure of the University Players. New York: William Sloane Associates, 1951.
Jackson, Kenneth T., Karen Markoe and Arnie Markoe. The Scribner Encyclopedia of American Lives (5). New York: Simon and Schuster, 1998. ISBN 0-684-80663-0.
Jones, Ken D., Arthur F. McClure and Alfred E. Twomey. The Films of James Stewart. New York: Castle Books, 1970.
Maurer, Maurer (1983). Air Force Combat Units of World War II. Washington, D.C.: Office of Air Force History. ISBN 0-912799-02-1
McGowan, Helene. James Stewart. London: Bison Group, 1992, ISBN 0-86124-925-9.
McGowan, Sam. "From Private to Colonel". WWII History, Volume 11, July 2012, pp. 40–47.
Pickard, Roy. Jimmy Stewart: A Life in Film. New York: St. Martin's Press, 1992. ISBN 0-312-08828-0.
Prendergast, Tom and Sara, eds. "Stewart, James". International Dictionary of Films and Filmmakers, 4th edition. London: St. James Press, 2000. ISBN 1-55862-450-3.
Prendergast, Tom and Sara, eds. "Stewart, James". St. James Encyclopedia of Popular Culture, 5th edition. London: St. James Press, 2000. ISBN 1-55862-529-1.
Robbins, Jhan. Everybody's Man: A Biography of Jimmy Stewart. New York: G.P. Putnam's Sons, 1985. ISBN 0-399-12973-1.
Smith, Starr. Jimmy Stewart: Bomber Pilot. St. Paul, Minnesota: Zenith Press, 2005. ISBN 0-7603-2199-X.
Thomas, Tony. A Wonderful Life: The Films and Career of James Stewart. Secaucus, New Jersey: Citadel Press, 1988. ISBN 0-8065-1081-1.
Wayne, Jane Ellen.The Leading Men of MGM. New York: Carroll & Graf Publishers, 2004. ISBN 0-7867-1475-1.
Wright, Stuart J. An Emotional Gauntlet: From Life in Peacetime America to the War in European Skies—A History of 453rd Bomb Group Crews. Milwaukee, Wisconsin: University of Wisconsin Press, 2004. ISBN 0-299-20520-7.


External links[edit]





This section's use of external links may not follow Wikipedia's policies or guidelines. Please improve this article by removing excessive or inappropriate external links, and converting useful links where appropriate into footnote references. (May 2012) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)





Wikimedia Commons has media related to James Stewart.





Wikiquote has quotations related to: Jimmy Stewart



Finding aid author: Mary-Celeste Ricks (2015). "His Wonderful Life: A Tribute to James Stewart". Prepared for the L. Tom Perry Special Collections, Provo, UT. Retrieved May 16, 2016.
Finding aid authors: James V. D'Arc and John N. Gillespie (2014). "John Strauss files on publicity for James Stewart". Prepared for the L. Tom Perry Special Collections, Provo, UT. Retrieved May 16, 2016.
Finding aid authors: Karen Glenn and John Murphy (2013). "WNET transcripts for James Stewart : A Wonderful Life". Prepared for the L. Tom Perry Special Collections, Provo, UT. Retrieved May 16, 2016.
James Stewart at the Internet Broadway Database 
James Stewart on IMDb
Jimmy Stewart at the TCM Movie Database 
Jimmy Stewart Museum
The American Spirit Foundation
Feaster, Felicia. James Stewart Profile at Turner Classic Movies
"Princeton to Honor Famed Alumnus Jimmy Stewart '32 With Tribute and Theater Dedication", Princeton University (1997)
Centennial Tribute to James Stewart
"Entertainment Weekly's 100 Greatest Movies of All Time"
"Mr. Stewart Goes to Vietnam", article from Vietnam magazine about Stewart's B-52 mission in 1966
Images: Stewart Pictures. Telecommunication & Film Department, University of Alabama
Images: "Col. James M. Stewart stands with his father outside of the family's hardware store", Life Magazine (1945)
A Wonderful Life: Jimmy Stewart, Actor and B-24 Bomber Pilot
James Stewart in the 1910 US Census, 1920 US Census, 1930 US Census, and the Social Security Death Index.
Photos of Jimmy Stewart in 'Pot O Gold' by Ned Scott
James Stewart(Aveleyman)
James Stewart interview on BBC Radio 4 Desert Island Discs, December 23, 1983







v
t
e


Hosts of the Academy Awards ceremonies



1929–50



Douglas Fairbanks / William C. deMille (1929)
William C. deMille (1930)
Conrad Nagel (1930)
Lawrence Grant (1931)
Lionel Barrymore / Conrad Nagel (1932)
Will Rogers (1934)
Irvin S. Cobb (1935)
Frank Capra (1936)
George Jessel (1937)
Bob Burns (1938)
None (1939)
Bob Hope (1940)
Bob Hope (1941)
None (1942)
Bob Hope (1943)
Jack Benny (1944)
Bob Hope / John Cromwell (1945)
Bob Hope / James Stewart (1946)
Jack Benny (1947)
Dick Powell / Agnes Moorehead (1948)
Robert Montgomery (1949)
Paul Douglas (1950)





1951–75



Fred Astaire (1951)
Danny Kaye (1952)
Bob Hope / Conrad Nagel (1953)
Donald O'Connor / Fredric March (1954)
Bob Hope / Thelma Ritter (1955)
Jerry Lewis / Claudette Colbert / Joseph L. Mankiewicz (1956)
Jerry Lewis / Celeste Holm (1957)
Bob Hope / David Niven / Donald Duck / James Stewart / Jack Lemmon / Rosalind Russell (1958)
Bob Hope / David Niven / Tony Randall / Mort Sahl / Laurence Olivier / Jerry Lewis (1959)
Bob Hope (1960)
Bob Hope (1961)
Bob Hope (1962)
Frank Sinatra (1963)
Jack Lemmon (1964)
Bob Hope (1965)
Bob Hope (1966)
Bob Hope (1967)
Bob Hope (1968)
None (1969)
None (1970)
None (1971)
Helen Hayes / Alan King / Sammy Davis Jr. / Jack Lemmon (1972)
Carol Burnett / Michael Caine / Charlton Heston / Rock Hudson (1973)
John Huston / Burt Reynolds / David Niven / Diana Ross (1974)
Sammy Davis Jr. / Bob Hope / Shirley MacLaine / Frank Sinatra (1975)





1976–2000



Goldie Hawn / Gene Kelly / Walter Matthau / George Segal / Robert Shaw (1976)
Warren Beatty / Ellen Burstyn / Jane Fonda / Richard Pryor (1977)
Bob Hope (1978)
Johnny Carson (1979)
Johnny Carson (1980)
Johnny Carson (1981)
Johnny Carson (1982)
Liza Minnelli / Dudley Moore / Richard Pryor / Walter Matthau (1983)
Johnny Carson (1984)
Jack Lemmon (1985)
Alan Alda / Jane Fonda / Robin Williams (1986)
Chevy Chase / Goldie Hawn / Paul Hogan (1987)
Chevy Chase (1988)
None (1989)
Billy Crystal (1990)
Billy Crystal (1991)
Billy Crystal (1992)
Billy Crystal (1993)
Whoopi Goldberg (1994)
David Letterman (1995)
Whoopi Goldberg (1996)
Billy Crystal (1997)
Billy Crystal (1998)
Whoopi Goldberg (1999)
Billy Crystal (2000)





2001–present



Steve Martin (2001)
Whoopi Goldberg (2002)
Steve Martin (2003)
Billy Crystal (2004)
Chris Rock (2005)
Jon Stewart (2006)
Ellen DeGeneres (2007)
Jon Stewart (2008)
Hugh Jackman (2009)
Alec Baldwin / Steve Martin (2010)
James Franco / Anne Hathaway (2011)
Billy Crystal (2012)
Seth MacFarlane (2013)
Ellen DeGeneres (2014)
Neil Patrick Harris (2015)
Chris Rock (2016)
Jimmy Kimmel (2017)
Jimmy Kimmel (2018)












v
t
e


Indiana in Indiana County, Pennsylvania



Attractions



Downtown Indiana Historic District
Breezedale
Buffalo, Rochester & Pittsburgh Railway Indiana Passenger Station
Silas M. Clark House
Graff's Market
James Mitchell House
Old Indiana County Courthouse
Indiana Borough 1912 Municipal Building
Indiana Armory
Old Indiana County Jail and Sheriff's Office
John Sutton Hall





Transportation



Indiana County Transit Authority





Notable people



Edward Abbey
James H. Bronson
Renée Fleming
Jim Nance
Michael Ryan
James Stewart
Steve Wheatcroft





Education



Indiana University of Pennsylvania
Indiana Area School District





Industry



First Commonwealth Financial Corporation





Newspapers



Indiana Gazette





Radio stations




By AM frequency



1160
1450





By FM frequency



90.1
92.5
95.5
100.3
103.7
105.1
106.3





By callsign



W262CU
WCCS
WDAD
WFGI
WFSJ-LP
WIUP
WLCY
WMUG-LP
WQMU













Awards for James Stewart











v
t
e


Academy Award for Best Actor



1928–1950



Emil Jannings (1928)
Warner Baxter (1929)
George Arliss (1930)
Lionel Barrymore (1931)
Fredric March / Wallace Beery (1932)
Charles Laughton (1933)
Clark Gable (1934)
Victor McLaglen (1935)
Paul Muni (1936)
Spencer Tracy (1937)
Spencer Tracy (1938)
Robert Donat (1939)
James Stewart (1940)
Gary Cooper (1941)
James Cagney (1942)
Paul Lukas (1943)
Bing Crosby (1944)
Ray Milland (1945)
Fredric March (1946)
Ronald Colman (1947)
Laurence Olivier (1948)
Broderick Crawford (1949)
José Ferrer (1950)





1951–1975



Humphrey Bogart (1951)
Gary Cooper (1952)
William Holden (1953)
Marlon Brando (1954)
Ernest Borgnine (1955)
Yul Brynner (1956)
Alec Guinness (1957)
David Niven (1958)
Charlton Heston (1959)
Burt Lancaster (1960)
Maximilian Schell (1961)
Gregory Peck (1962)
Sidney Poitier (1963)
Rex Harrison (1964)
Lee Marvin (1965)
Paul Scofield (1966)
Rod Steiger (1967)
Cliff Robertson (1968)
John Wayne (1969)
George C. Scott1 (1970)
Gene Hackman (1971)
Marlon Brando1 (1972)
Jack Lemmon (1973)
Art Carney (1974)
Jack Nicholson (1975)





1976–2000



Peter Finch (1976)
Richard Dreyfuss (1977)
Jon Voight (1978)
Dustin Hoffman (1979)
Robert De Niro (1980)
Henry Fonda (1981)
Ben Kingsley (1982)
Robert Duvall (1983)
F. Murray Abraham (1984)
William Hurt (1985)
Paul Newman (1986)
Michael Douglas (1987)
Dustin Hoffman (1988)
Daniel Day-Lewis (1989)
Jeremy Irons (1990)
Anthony Hopkins (1991)
Al Pacino (1992)
Tom Hanks (1993)
Tom Hanks (1994)
Nicolas Cage (1995)
Geoffrey Rush (1996)
Jack Nicholson (1997)
Roberto Benigni (1998)
Kevin Spacey (1999)
Russell Crowe (2000)





2001–present



Denzel Washington (2001)
Adrien Brody (2002)
Sean Penn (2003)
Jamie Foxx (2004)
Philip Seymour Hoffman (2005)
Forest Whitaker (2006)
Daniel Day-Lewis (2007)
Sean Penn (2008)
Jeff Bridges (2009)
Colin Firth (2010)
Jean Dujardin (2011)
Daniel Day-Lewis (2012)
Matthew McConaughey (2013)
Eddie Redmayne (2014)
Leonardo DiCaprio (2015)
Casey Affleck (2016)






1 refused award that year










v
t
e


Academy Honorary Award



1928–1950



Warner Bros. / Charlie Chaplin (1928)
Walt Disney (1932)
Shirley Temple (1934)
D. W. Griffith (1935)
The March of Time / W. Howard Greene and Harold Rosson (1936)
Edgar Bergen / W. Howard Greene / Museum of Modern Art Film Library / Mack Sennett (1937)
J. Arthur Ball / Walt Disney / Deanna Durbin and Mickey Rooney / Gordon Jennings, Jan Domela, Devereaux Jennings, Irmin Roberts, Art Smith, Farciot Edouart, Loyal Griggs, Loren L. Ryder, Harry D. Mills, Louis Mesenkop, Walter Oberst / Oliver T. Marsh and Allen Davey / Harry Warner (1938)
Douglas Fairbanks / Judy Garland / William Cameron Menzies / Motion Picture Relief Fund (Jean Hersholt, Ralph Morgan, Ralph Block, Conrad Nagel)/ Technicolor Company (1939)
Bob Hope / Nathan Levinson (1940)
Walt Disney, William Garity, John N. A. Hawkins, and the RCA Manufacturing Company / Leopold Stokowski and his associates / Rey Scott / British Ministry of Information (1941)
Charles Boyer / Noël Coward / Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer (1942)
George Pal (1943)
Bob Hope / Margaret O'Brien (1944)
Republic Studio, Daniel J. Bloomberg, and the Republic Studio Sound Department / Walter Wanger / The House I Live In / Peggy Ann Garner (1945)
Harold Russell / Laurence Olivier / Ernst Lubitsch / Claude Jarman Jr. (1946)
James Baskett / Thomas Armat, William Nicholas Selig, Albert E. Smith, and George Kirke Spoor / Bill and Coo / Shoeshine (1947)
Walter Wanger / Monsieur Vincent / Sid Grauman / Adolph Zukor (1948)
Jean Hersholt / Fred Astaire / Cecil B. DeMille / The Bicycle Thief (1949)
Louis B. Mayer / George Murphy / The Walls of Malapaga (1950)





1951–1975



Gene Kelly / Rashomon (1951)
Merian C. Cooper / Bob Hope / Harold Lloyd / George Mitchell / Joseph M. Schenck / Forbidden Games (1952)
20th Century-Fox Film Corporation / Bell & Howell Company / Joseph Breen / Pete Smith (1953)
Bausch & Lomb Optical Company / Danny Kaye / Kemp Niver / Greta Garbo / Jon Whiteley / Vincent Winter / Gate of Hell (1954)
Samurai I: Musashi Miyamoto (1955)
Eddie Cantor (1956)
Society of Motion Picture and Television Engineers / Gilbert M. "Broncho Billy" Anderson / Charles Brackett / B. B. Kahane (1957)
Maurice Chevalier (1958)
Buster Keaton / Lee de Forest (1959)
Gary Cooper / Stan Laurel / Hayley Mills (1960)
William L. Hendricks / Fred L. Metzler / Jerome Robbins (1961)
William J. Tuttle (1964)
Bob Hope (1965)
Yakima Canutt / Y. Frank Freeman (1966)
Arthur Freed (1967)
John Chambers / Onna White (1968)
Cary Grant (1969)
Lillian Gish / Orson Welles (1970)
Charlie Chaplin (1971)
Charles S. Boren / Edward G. Robinson (1972)
Henri Langlois / Groucho Marx (1973)
Howard Hawks / Jean Renoir (1974)
Mary Pickford (1975)





1976–2000



Margaret Booth (1977)
Walter Lantz / Laurence Olivier / King Vidor / Museum of Modern Art Department of Film (1978)
Hal Elias / Alec Guinness (1979)
Henry Fonda (1980)
Barbara Stanwyck (1981)
Mickey Rooney (1982)
Hal Roach (1983)
James Stewart / National Endowment for the Arts (1984)
Paul Newman / Alex North (1985)
Ralph Bellamy (1986)
Eastman Kodak Company / National Film Board of Canada (1988)
Akira Kurosawa (1989)
Sophia Loren / Myrna Loy (1990)
Satyajit Ray (1991)
Federico Fellini (1992)
Deborah Kerr (1993)
Michelangelo Antonioni (1994)
Kirk Douglas / Chuck Jones (1995)
Michael Kidd (1996)
Stanley Donen (1997)
Elia Kazan (1998)
Andrzej Wajda (1999)
Jack Cardiff / Ernest Lehman (2000)





2001–present



Sidney Poitier / Robert Redford (2001)
Peter O'Toole (2002)
Blake Edwards (2003)
Sidney Lumet (2004)
Robert Altman (2005)
Ennio Morricone (2006)
Robert F. Boyle (2007)
Lauren Bacall / Roger Corman / Gordon Willis (2009)
Kevin Brownlow / Jean-Luc Godard / Eli Wallach (2010)
James Earl Jones / Dick Smith (2011)
D. A. Pennebaker / Hal Needham / George Stevens Jr. (2012)
Angela Lansbury / Steve Martin / Piero Tosi (2013)
Jean-Claude Carrière / Hayao Miyazaki / Maureen O'Hara (2014)
Spike Lee / Gena Rowlands (2015)
Jackie Chan / Lynn Stalmaster / Anne V. Coates / Frederick Wiseman (2016)












v
t
e


AFI Life Achievement Award






John Ford (1973)
James Cagney (1974)
Orson Welles (1975)
William Wyler (1976)
Bette Davis (1977)
Henry Fonda (1978)
Alfred Hitchcock (1979)
James Stewart (1980)
Fred Astaire (1981)
Frank Capra (1982)
John Huston (1983)
Lillian Gish (1984)
Gene Kelly (1985)
Billy Wilder (1986)
Barbara Stanwyck (1987)
Jack Lemmon (1988)
Gregory Peck (1989)
David Lean (1990)
Kirk Douglas (1991)
Sidney Poitier (1992)
Elizabeth Taylor (1993)
Jack Nicholson (1994)
Steven Spielberg (1995)
Clint Eastwood (1996)
Martin Scorsese (1997)
Robert Wise (1998)
Dustin Hoffman (1999)
Harrison Ford (2000)
Barbra Streisand (2001)
Tom Hanks (2002)
Robert De Niro (2003)
Meryl Streep (2004)
George Lucas (2005)
Sean Connery (2006)
Al Pacino (2007)
Warren Beatty (2008)
Michael Douglas (2009)
Mike Nichols (2010)
Morgan Freeman (2011)
Shirley MacLaine (2012)
Mel Brooks (2013)
Jane Fonda (2014)
Steve Martin (2015)
John Williams (2016)
Diane Keaton (2017)












v
t
e


Silver Bear for Best Actor






Burt Lancaster (1956)
Pedro Infante (1957)
Sidney Poitier (1958)
Jean Gabin (1959)
Fredric March (1960)
Peter Finch (1961)
James Stewart (1962)
Sidney Poitier (1963)
Rod Steiger (1964)
Lee Marvin (1965)
Jean-Pierre Léaud (1966)
Michel Simon (1967)
Jean-Louis Trintignant (1968)
Jean Gabin (1971)
Alberto Sordi (1972)
Vlastimil Brodský (1975)
Gerhard Olschewski (1976)
Fernando Fernán Gómez (1977)
Craig Russell (1978)
Michele Placido (1979)
Andrzej Seweryn (1980)
Anatoly Solonitsyn / Jack Lemmon (1981)
Stellan Skarsgård / Michel Piccoli (1982)
Bruce Dern (1983)
Albert Finney (1984)
Fernando Fernán Gómez (1985)
Tuncel Kurtiz (1986)
Gian Maria Volontè (1987)
Jörg Pose / Manfred Möck (1988)
Gene Hackman (1989)
Iain Glen (1990)
Maynard Eziashi (1991)
Armin Mueller-Stahl (1992)
Denzel Washington (1993)
Tom Hanks (1994)
Paul Newman (1995)
Sean Penn (1996)
Leonardo DiCaprio (1997)
Samuel L. Jackson (1998)
Michael Gwisdek (1999)
Denzel Washington (2000)
Benicio del Toro (2001)
Jacques Gamblin (2002)
Sam Rockwell (2003)
Daniel Hendler (2004)
Lou Taylor Pucci (2005)
Moritz Bleibtreu (2006)
Julio Chávez (2007)
Reza Naji (2008)
Sotigui Kouyaté (2009)
Grigoriy Dobrygin / Sergei Puskepalis (2010)
Peyman Moaadi / Shahab Hosseini / Ali-Asghar Shahbazi / Babak Karimi (2011)
Mikkel Følsgaard (2012)
Nazif Mujić (2013)
Liao Fan (2014)
Tom Courtenay (2015)
Majd Mastoura (2016)
Georg Friedrich (2017)












v
t
e


Cecil B. DeMille Award






Cecil B. DeMille (1952)
Walt Disney (1953)
Darryl F. Zanuck (1954)
Jean Hersholt (1955)
Jack L. Warner (1956)
Mervyn LeRoy (1957)
Buddy Adler (1958)
Maurice Chevalier (1959)
Bing Crosby (1960)
Fred Astaire (1961)
Judy Garland (1962)
Bob Hope (1963)
Joseph E. Levine (1964)
James Stewart (1965)
John Wayne (1966)
Charlton Heston (1967)
Kirk Douglas (1968)
Gregory Peck (1969)
Joan Crawford (1970)
Frank Sinatra (1971)
Alfred Hitchcock (1972)
Samuel Goldwyn (1973)
Bette Davis (1974)
Hal B. Wallis (1975)
Walter Mirisch (1977)
Red Skelton (1978)
Lucille Ball (1979)
Henry Fonda (1980)
Gene Kelly (1981)
Sidney Poitier (1982)
Laurence Olivier (1983)
Paul Newman (1984)
Elizabeth Taylor (1985)
Barbara Stanwyck (1986)
Anthony Quinn (1987)
Clint Eastwood (1988)
Doris Day (1989)
Audrey Hepburn (1990)
Jack Lemmon (1991)
Robert Mitchum (1992)
Lauren Bacall (1993)
Robert Redford (1994)
Sophia Loren (1995)
Sean Connery (1996)
Dustin Hoffman (1997)
Shirley MacLaine (1998)
Jack Nicholson (1999)
Barbra Streisand (2000)
Al Pacino (2001)
Harrison Ford (2002)
Gene Hackman (2003)
Michael Douglas (2004)
Robin Williams (2005)
Anthony Hopkins (2006)
Warren Beatty (2007)
Steven Spielberg (2009)
Martin Scorsese (2010)
Robert De Niro (2011)
Morgan Freeman (2012)
Jodie Foster (2013)
Woody Allen (2014)
George Clooney (2015)
Denzel Washington (2016)
Meryl Streep (2017)












v
t
e


Drama League's Distinguished Performance Award






Katharine Cornell (1935)
Helen Hayes (1936)
Maurice Evans (1937)
Cedric Hardwicke (1938)
Raymond Massey (1939)
Paul Muni (1940)
Paul Lukas (1941)
Judith Evelyn (1942)
Alfred Lunt (1943)
Lynn Fontanne (1944)
Mady Christians (1945)
Louis Calhern (1946)
Ingrid Bergman (1947)
Judith Anderson (1948)
Robert Morley (1949)
Grace George (1950)
Claude Rains (1951)
Julie Harris (1952)
Shirley Booth (1953)
Josephine Hull (1954)
Viveca Lindfors (1955)
David Wayne (1956)
Eli Wallach (1957)
Ralph Bellamy (1958)
Cyril Ritchard (1959)
Jessica Tandy (1960)
Hume Cronyn (1961)
Paul Scofield (1962)
Charles Boyer (1963)
Alec Guinness (1964)
John Gielgud (1965)
Richard Kiley (1966)
Rosemary Harris (1967)
Zoe Caldwell (1968)
Alec McCowen (1969)
James Stewart (1970)
Anthony Quayle (1971)
Eileen Atkins / Claire Bloom (1972)
Alan Bates (1973)
Christopher Plummer (1974)
John Wood (1975)
Eva Le Gallienne (1976)
Tom Courtenay (1977)
Frank Langella (1978)
Frances Sternhagen (1979)
Roy Scheider (1980)
Ian McKellen (1981)
Milo O'Shea (1982)
Edward Herrmann / Kate Nelligan (1983)
Jeremy Irons (1984)
Derek Jacobi (1985)
Bernadette Peters (1986)
James Earl Jones (1987)
John Lithgow (1988)
Pauline Collins (1989)
Robert Morse (1990)
Stockard Channing (1991)
Glenn Close (1992)
Stephen Rea (1993)
Sam Waterston (1994)
Cherry Jones (1995)
Uta Hagen (1996)
Charles Durning / Bebe Neuwirth (1997)
Brian Stokes Mitchell (1998)
Kathleen Chalfant (1999)
Eileen Heckart (2000)
Mary-Louise Parker / Gary Sinise (2001)
Liam Neeson (2002)
Harvey Fierstein (2003)
Hugh Jackman (2004)
Norbert Leo Butz (2005)
Christine Ebersole (2006)
Liev Schreiber (2007)
Patti LuPone (2008)
Geoffrey Rush (2009)
Alfred Molina (2010)
Mark Rylance (2011)
Audra McDonald (2012)
Nathan Lane (2013)
Neil Patrick Harris (2014)
Chita Rivera (2015)
Lin-Manuel Miranda (2016)
Ben Platt (2017)












v
t
e


Film Society of Lincoln Center Gala Tribute Honorees






Charlie Chaplin (1972)
Fred Astaire (1973)
Alfred Hitchcock (1974)
Joanne Woodward and Paul Newman (1975)
George Cukor (1978)
Bob Hope (1979)
John Huston (1980)
Barbara Stanwyck (1981)
Billy Wilder (1982)
Laurence Olivier (1983)
Claudette Colbert (1984)
Federico Fellini (1985)
Elizabeth Taylor (1986)
Alec Guinness (1987)
Yves Montand (1988)
Bette Davis (1989)
James Stewart (1990)
Audrey Hepburn (1991)
Gregory Peck (1992)
Jack Lemmon (1993)
Robert Altman (1994)
Shirley MacLaine (1995)
Clint Eastwood (1996)
Sean Connery (1997)
Martin Scorsese (1998)
Mike Nichols (1999)
Al Pacino (2000)
Jane Fonda (2001)
Francis Ford Coppola (2002)
Susan Sarandon (2003)
Michael Caine (2004)
Dustin Hoffman (2005)
Jessica Lange (2006)
Diane Keaton (2007)
Meryl Streep (2008)
Tom Hanks (2009)
Michael Douglas (2010)
Sidney Poitier (2011)
Catherine Deneuve (2012)
Barbra Streisand (2013)
Rob Reiner (2014)
Robert Redford (2015)
Morgan Freeman (2016)
Robert De Niro (2017)












v
t
e


Golden Globe Award for Best Actor – Television Series Drama






Mike Connors (1969)
Peter Graves (1970)
Robert Young (1971)
Peter Falk (1972)
James Stewart (1973)
Telly Savalas (1974)
Robert Blake/Telly Savalas (1975)
Richard Jordan (1976)
Edward Asner (1977)
Michael Moriarty (1978)
Edward Asner (1979)
Richard Chamberlain (1980)
Daniel J. Travanti (1981)
John Forsythe (1982)
John Forsythe (1983)
Tom Selleck (1984)
Don Johnson (1985)
Edward Woodward (1986)
Richard Kiley (1987)
Ron Perlman (1988)
Ken Wahl (1989)
Kyle MacLachlan (1990)
Scott Bakula (1991)
Sam Waterston (1992)
David Caruso (1993)
Dennis Franz (1994)
Jimmy Smits (1995)
David Duchovny (1996)
Anthony Edwards (1997)
Dylan McDermott (1998)
James Gandolfini (1999)
Martin Sheen (2000)
Kiefer Sutherland (2001)
Michael Chiklis (2002)
Anthony LaPaglia (2003)
Ian McShane (2004)
Hugh Laurie (2005)
Hugh Laurie (2006)
Jon Hamm (2007)
Gabriel Byrne (2008)
Michael C. Hall (2009)
Steve Buscemi (2010)
Kelsey Grammer (2011)
Damian Lewis (2012)
Bryan Cranston (2013)
Kevin Spacey (2014)
Jon Hamm (2015)
Billy Bob Thornton (2016)












v
t
e


Hasty Pudding Men of the Year



1967–2000



Bob Hope (1967)
Paul Newman (1968)
Bill Cosby (1969)
Robert Redford (1970)
James Stewart (1971)
Dustin Hoffman (1972)
Jack Lemmon (1973)
Peter Falk (1974)
Warren Beatty (1975)
Robert Blake (1976)
Johnny Carson (1977)
Richard Dreyfuss (1978)
Robert De Niro (1979)
Alan Alda (1980)
John Travolta (1981)
James Cagney (1982)
Steven Spielberg (1983)
Sean Connery (1984)
Bill Murray (1985)
Sylvester Stallone (1986)
Mikhail Baryshnikov (1987)
Steve Martin (1988)
Robin Williams (1989)
Kevin Costner (1990)
Clint Eastwood (1991)
Michael Douglas (1992)
Chevy Chase (1993)
Tom Cruise (1994)
Tom Hanks (1995)
Harrison Ford (1996)
Mel Gibson (1997)
Kevin Kline (1998)
Samuel L. Jackson (1999)
Billy Crystal (2000)





2001–present



Anthony Hopkins (2001)
Bruce Willis (2002)
Martin Scorsese (2003)
Robert Downey Jr. (2004)
Tim Robbins (2005)
Richard Gere (2006)
Ben Stiller (2007)
Christopher Walken (2008)
James Franco (2009)
Justin Timberlake (2010)
Jay Leno (2011)
Jason Segel (2012)
Kiefer Sutherland (2013)
Neil Patrick Harris (2014)
Chris Pratt (2015)
Joseph Gordon-Levitt (2016)
Ryan Reynolds (2017)












v
t
e


Kennedy Center Honorees (1980s)



1980



Leonard Bernstein
James Cagney
Agnes de Mille
Lynn Fontanne
Leontyne Price





1981



Count Basie
Cary Grant
Helen Hayes
Jerome Robbins
Rudolf Serkin





1982



George Abbott
Lillian Gish
Benny Goodman
Gene Kelly
Eugene Ormandy





1983



Katherine Dunham
Elia Kazan
Frank Sinatra
James Stewart
Virgil Thomson





1984



Lena Horne
Danny Kaye
Gian Carlo Menotti
Arthur Miller
Isaac Stern





1985



Merce Cunningham
Irene Dunne
Bob Hope
Alan Jay Lerner & Frederick Loewe
Beverly Sills





1986



Lucille Ball
Hume Cronyn & Jessica Tandy
Yehudi Menuhin
Antony Tudor
Ray Charles





1987



Perry Como
Bette Davis
Sammy Davis Jr.
Nathan Milstein
Alwin Nikolais





1988



Alvin Ailey
George Burns
Myrna Loy
Alexander Schneider
Roger L. Stevens





1989



Harry Belafonte
Claudette Colbert
Alexandra Danilova
Mary Martin
William Schuman








Complete list
1970s
1980s
1990s
2000s
2010s












v
t
e


National Football Foundation Distinguished American Award recipients






1966: Carpenter
1969: MacLeish
1970: Lombardi
1971: Boyden
1972: Holland
1973: No award
1974: Hope
1975: Hesburgh
1976: Van Fleet
1977: Joyce
1978: No award
1979: Galbreath
1980: Russell
1981: Werblin
1982: Silver Anniversary (all honored) – Brown, Davis, Kemp, Ron Kramer, Swink
1983: Hess & Stewart
1984: Nelson
1985: Flynn
1986: Toner
1987: Sewell
1988: Rodgers
1989: Krause
1990: Rozelle
1991: Paterno
1992: Mara
1993: Kazmaier
1994: Bolden
1995: Osborne
1996: Monan, S.J
1997: No award
1998: Roy Kramer
1999: No award
2000: Decio
2001: Frank
2002: Young
2003: Khayat
2004: Casciola
2005: Page
2006: Tillman
2007: Bleier
2008: Pickens
2009: Payne
2010: Brokaw
2011: Roberts
2012: Bodenheimer
2013: Odierno
2014: No award
2015: Byrne, Tew & White
2016: McRaven












v
t
e


Screen Actors Guild Life Achievement Award






1962: Eddie Cantor
1963: Stan Laurel
1965: Bob Hope
1966: Barbara Stanwyck
1967: William Gargan
1968: James Stewart
1969: Edward G. Robinson
1970: Gregory Peck
1971: Charlton Heston
1972: Frank Sinatra
1973: Martha Raye
1974: Walter Pidgeon
1975: Rosalind Russell
1976: Pearl Bailey
1977: James Cagney
1978: Edgar Bergen
1979: Katharine Hepburn
1980: Leon Ames
1982: Danny Kaye
1983: Ralph Bellamy
1984: Iggie Wolfington
1985: Paul Newman and Joanne Woodward
1986: Nanette Fabray
1987: Red Skelton
1988: Gene Kelly
1989: Jack Lemmon
1990: Brock Peters
1991: Burt Lancaster
1992: Audrey Hepburn
1993: Ricardo Montalbán
1994: George Burns
1995: Robert Redford
1996: Angela Lansbury
1997: Elizabeth Taylor
1998: Kirk Douglas
1999: Sidney Poitier
2000: Ossie Davis and Ruby Dee
2001: Ed Asner
2002: Clint Eastwood
2003: Karl Malden
2004: James Garner
2005: Shirley Temple
2006: Julie Andrews
2007: Charles Durning
2008: James Earl Jones
2009: Betty White
2010: Ernest Borgnine
2011: Mary Tyler Moore
2012: Dick Van Dyke
2013: Rita Moreno
2014: Debbie Reynolds
2015: Carol Burnett
2016: Lily Tomlin












v
t
e


Volpi Cup for Best Actor



1934–1968



Wallace Beery (1934)
Pierre Blanchar (1935)
Paul Muni (1936)
Emil Jannings (1937)
Leslie Howard (1938)
Ermete Zacconi (1941)
Fosco Giachetti (1942)
Pierre Fresnay (1947)
Ernst Deutsch (1948)
Joseph Cotten (1949)
Sam Jaffe (1950)
Jean Gabin (1951)
Fredric March (1952)
Henri Vilbert (1953)
Jean Gabin (1954)
Curd Jürgens/Kenneth More (1955)
Bourvil (1956)
Anthony Franciosa (1957)
Alec Guinness (1958)
James Stewart (1959)
John Mills (1960)
Toshiro Mifune (1961)
Burt Lancaster (1962)
Albert Finney (1963)
Tom Courtenay (1964)
Toshiro Mifune (1965)
Jacques Perrin (1966)
Ljubiša Samardžić (1967)
John Marley (1968)





1983–2000



Guy Boyd/George Dzundza/David Alan Grier/Mitchell Lichtenstein/Matthew Modine/Michael Wright (1983)
Naseeruddin Shah (1984)
Gérard Depardieu (1985)
Carlo Delle Piane (1986)
Hugh Grant/James Wilby (1987)
Don Ameche/Joe Mantegna (1988)
Marcello Mastroianni/Massimo Troisi (1989)
Oleg Borisov (1990)
River Phoenix (1991)
Jack Lemmon (1992)
Fabrizio Bentivoglio/Marcello Mastroianni (1993)
Xia Yu/Roberto Citran (1994)
Götz George/Ian Hart (1995)
Liam Neeson/Chris Penn (1996)
Wesley Snipes (1997)
Sean Penn (1998)
Jim Broadbent (1999)
Javier Bardem (2000)





2001–present



Luigi Lo Cascio (2001)
Stefano Accorsi (2002)
Sean Penn (2003)
Javier Bardem (2004)
David Strathairn (2005)
Ben Affleck (2006)
Brad Pitt (2007)
Silvio Orlando (2008)
Colin Firth (2009)
Vincent Gallo (2010)
Michael Fassbender (2011)
Philip Seymour Hoffman/Joaquin Phoenix (2012)
Themis Panou (2013)
Adam Driver (2014)
Fabrice Luchini (2015)
Oscar Martínez (2016)














Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 116340765
LCCN: n84018652
ISNI: 0000 0001 2103 9797
GND: 118618059
SUDOC: 030959527
BNF: cb12227146g (data)
MusicBrainz: 50337821-531b-4604-8c9e-f4da2e9ab892
BNE: XX1060008
IATH: w6vq36h5










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=James_Stewart&oldid=792183715"					
Categories: Indiana County, Pennsylvania1908 births1997 deaths20th-century American male actors20th-century American poets20th-century PresbyteriansAcademy Honorary Award recipientsAmerican male film actorsAmerican male poetsAmerican male radio actorsAmerican male stage actorsAmerican male television actorsAmerican male voice actorsAmerican male writersAmerican military personnel of the Vietnam WarAmerican military personnel of World War IIAmerican people of Scottish descentAmerican PresbyteriansBest Actor Academy Award winnersBest Drama Actor Golden Globe (television) winnersBroadway theatre peopleBurials at Forest Lawn Memorial Park (Glendale)California RepublicansCecil B. DeMille Award Golden Globe winnersDeaths from pulmonary embolismDisease-related deaths in CaliforniaKennedy Center honoreesMale actors from Beverly Hills, CaliforniaMale actors from PennsylvaniaMale Western (genre) film actorsMercersburg Academy alumniMetro-Goldwyn-Mayer contract playersPennsylvania RepublicansPeople from Indiana, PennsylvaniaPresidential Medal of Freedom recipientsPrinceton University alumniRCA Victor artistsRecipients of the Air MedalRecipients of the Croix de guerre 1939–1945 (France)Recipients of the Distinguished Flying Cross (United States)Recipients of the Distinguished Service Medal (United States)Screen Actors Guild Life Achievement AwardSilver Bear for Best Actor winnersUnited States Air Force generalsUnited States Army Air Forces officersUnited States Army Air Forces pilots of World War IIVolpi Cup winnersCommercial aviatorsHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksArticles with hCardsAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from February 2012Wikipedia external links cleanup from May 2012Wikipedia spam cleanup from May 2012Articles with IBDb linksWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiersWikipedia articles with MusicBrainz identifiersWikipedia articles with SNAC-ID identifiersArticles containing video clips 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquote 



Languages


العربيةAragonésAsturianuAzərbaycancaБашҡортсаBislamaБългарскиBosanskiCatalàČeštinaCorsuCymraegDanskDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoEuskaraفارسیFrançaisFryskGaeilgeGàidhligGalego한국어ՀայերենHrvatskiIdoIlokanoBahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתქართულიLatinaLatviešuLëtzebuergeschLietuviųMagyarМакедонскиMalagasyമലയാളംმარგალურიمصرىNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålOccitanPlattdüütschPolskiPortuguêsRomânăRuna SimiРусскийScotsShqipSimple EnglishSlovenčinaکوردیСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaTagalogதமிழ்ไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаTiếng ViệtWinarayYorùbá粵語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 25 July 2017, at 00:07.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









James Stewart - Wikipedia






















 






James Stewart

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

"Jimmy Stewart" and "Jimmy Stuart" redirect here. For other uses, see Jimmy Stewart (disambiguation), Jimmy Stuart (disambiguation), and James Stewart (disambiguation).


James Stewart



Stewart in 1948



Born
James Maitland Stewart
(1908-05-20)May 20, 1908
Indiana, Pennsylvania, U.S.


Died
July 2, 1997(1997-07-02) (aged 89)
Beverly Hills, California, U.S.


Cause of death
Pulmonary embolism[1]


Resting place
Forest Lawn, Glendale, California


Other names
Jimmy Stewart


Alma mater
Princeton University (B.A., 1932)


Occupation
Actor, Military officer


Years active
1932–1991


Known for
First American movie star to enlist in World War II[2][N 1]


Notable work
Mr. Smith Goes to Washington, The Philadelphia Story, It's a Wonderful Life, Rear Window, Vertigo, The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance


Political party
Republican


Spouse(s)
Gloria Hatrick McLean (m. 1949; d. 1994)


Children
4 (including two stepchildren)


Awards
Academy Lifetime Achievement (1985)
Academy Award for Best Actor (1941)
Golden Globe Cecil B. DeMille Award (1965)
Golden Globe Award for Best Actor – Television Series Drama (1974)


James Maitland "Jimmy" Stewart (May 20, 1908 – July 2, 1997) was an American actor and military officer who is among the most honored and popular stars in film history. A major Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer contract player, Stewart was known for his distinctive drawl and down-to-earth persona, which helped him often portray American middle-class men struggling in crisis. Many of the films he starred in have become enduring classics.
Stewart was nominated for five Academy Awards, winning one in competition for The Philadelphia Story (1940), and received an Academy Lifetime Achievement award in 1985. In 1999, Stewart was named the third greatest male screen legend of the Golden Age of Hollywood by the American Film Institute, behind Humphrey Bogart and Cary Grant.[3] The American Film Institute has also named five of Stewart's films to its list of the 100 best American films ever made.[4]
He also had a noted military career and was a World War II and Vietnam War veteran and pilot, who rose to the rank of Brigadier General in the United States Air Force Reserve, becoming the highest-ranking actor in military history.[5]



Contents


1 Early life and career
2 Pre-war success
3 Military service
4 Postwar career
5 Collaborations with Hitchcock and Mann

5.1 Career in the 1960s and 1970s


6 Last years and later career
7 Personal life

7.1 Politics


8 Death
9 Filmography
10 Broadway performances
11 Radio appearances
12 Legacy
13 Honors and tributes
14 See also
15 References

15.1 Notes
15.2 Citations
15.3 Bibliography


16 External links



Early life and career[edit]




After the Thin Man (1936)


Stewart was born on May 20, 1908, in Indiana, Pennsylvania, the son of Elizabeth Ruth (née Jackson; March 16, 1875 – August 2, 1953) and Alexander Maitland Stewart (May 19, 1871 – December 28, 1961), who owned a hardware store.[6][7] Stewart was mainly of Scottish ancestry and was raised as a Presbyterian.[8][9][10] He was descended from veterans of the American Revolution, the War of 1812, and the American Civil War.[10] The eldest of three children (he had two younger sisters, Virginia and Mary), he was expected to continue his father's business, which had been in the family for three generations. His mother was an excellent pianist but his father discouraged Stewart's request for lessons. When his father accepted a gift of an accordion from a guest, young Stewart quickly learned to play the instrument, which became a fixture offstage during his acting career. As the family grew, music continued to be an important part of family life.[11]
Stewart attended Mercersburg Academy prep school, graduating in 1928. He was active in a variety of activities. He played on the football and track teams, was art editor of the KARUX yearbook, and a member of the choir club, glee club, and John Marshall Literary Society. During his first summer break, Stewart returned to his hometown to work as a brick loader for a local construction company and on highway and road construction jobs where he painted lines on the roads. Over the following two summers, he took a job as an assistant with a professional magician.[12] He made his first appearance onstage at Mercersburg, as Buquet in the play The Wolves.[13]
A shy child, Stewart spent much of his after-school time in the basement working on model airplanes, mechanical drawing and chemistry—all with a dream of going into aviation. It was a dream greatly enhanced by the legendary 1927 flight of Charles Lindbergh, whose progress 19-year-old Stewart, then stricken with scarlet fever, was himself avidly following from home; thus foreshadowing his starring movie role as Lindbergh 30 years later.[14]
However, he abandoned visions of being a pilot when his father insisted that instead of the United States Naval Academy he attend Princeton University. Stewart enrolled at Princeton in 1928 as a member of the class of 1932. He excelled at studying architecture, so impressing his professors with his thesis on an airport design that he was awarded a scholarship for graduate studies;[12] but he gradually became attracted to the school's drama and music clubs, including the Princeton Triangle Club.[15] His acting and accordion talents at Princeton led him to be invited to the University Players, an intercollegiate summer stock company in West Falmouth, Massachusetts, on Cape Cod. The company had been organized in 1928 and would run until 1932, with Joshua Logan, Bretaigne Windust and Charles Leatherbee as directors. Stewart performed in bit parts in the Players' productions in Cape Cod during the summer of 1932, after he graduated.
The troupe had previously included Henry Fonda and Margaret Sullavan. Stewart and Fonda became close friends over the summer of 1932 when they shared an apartment with Joshua Logan and Myron McCormick.[16] When Stewart came to New York at the end of the summer stock season, which had included the Broadway tryout of Goodbye Again, he shared an apartment with Fonda, who had by then finalized his divorce from Sullavan. Along with fellow University Players Alfred Dalrymple and Myron McCormick, Stewart debuted on Broadway in the brief run of Carry Nation and a few weeks later – again with McCormick and Dalrymple – as a chauffeur in the comedy Goodbye Again, in which he had two lines. The New Yorker commented, "Mr. James Stewart's chauffeur... comes on for three minutes and walks off to a round of spontaneous applause."[17]




Al Hirschfeld drawing from Yellow Jack (Stewart, upper-left)


The play was a moderate success, but times were hard. Many Broadway theaters had been converted to movie houses and the Depression was reaching bottom. "From 1932 through 1934", Stewart later recalled, "I'd only worked three months. Every play I got into folded."[18] By 1934, he was given more substantial stage roles, including the modest hit Page Miss Glory and his first dramatic stage role in Sidney Howard's Yellow Jack, which convinced him to continue his acting career. However, Stewart and Fonda, still roommates, were both struggling. In the fall of 1934, Fonda's success in The Farmer Takes a Wife took him to Hollywood. Finally, Stewart attracted the interest of MGM scout Bill Grady who saw Stewart on the opening night of Divided by Three, a glittering première with many luminaries in attendance, including Irving Berlin, Moss Hart and Fonda, who had returned to New York for the show. With Fonda's encouragement, Stewart agreed to take a screen test, after which he signed a contract with MGM in April 1935, as a contract player for up to seven years at $350 a week.[19]




Stewart made four features with Margaret Sullavan, the second of which was The Shopworn Angel (1938)


Upon Stewart's arrival by train in Los Angeles, Fonda greeted him at the station and took him to Fonda's studio-supplied lodging, next door to Greta Garbo. Stewart's first job at the studio was as a participant in screen tests with newly arrived starlets. At first, he had trouble being cast in Hollywood films owing to his gangling looks and shy, humble screen presence. Aside from an unbilled appearance in a Shemp Howard comedy short called Art Trouble in 1934, his first film was the poorly received Spencer Tracy vehicle, The Murder Man (1935). Rose Marie (1936), an adaptation of a popular operetta, was more successful. After having mixed success in films, he received his first intensely dramatic role in 1936's After the Thin Man, and played Jean Harlow's character's frustrated boyfriend in the Clark Gable vehicle Wife vs. Secretary earlier that same year.
On the romantic front, he dated newly divorced Ginger Rogers.[20] The romance soon cooled, however, and by chance Stewart encountered Margaret Sullavan again. Stewart found his footing in Hollywood thanks largely to Sullavan, who campaigned for Stewart to be her leading man in the 1936 romantic comedy Next Time We Love. She rehearsed extensively with him, having a noticeable effect on his confidence. She encouraged Stewart to feel comfortable with his unique mannerisms and boyish charm and use them naturally as his own style. Stewart was enjoying Hollywood life and had no regrets about giving up the stage, as he worked six days a week in the MGM factory.[21] In 1936, he acquired big-time agent Leland Hayward, who would eventually marry Sullavan. Hayward started to chart Stewart's career, deciding that the best path for him was through loan-outs to other studios.
Pre-war success[edit]




Frank Capra's comedy You Can't Take It With You (1938) was one of the films that brought Stewart widespread attention


In 1938 Stewart had a brief, tumultuous romance with Hollywood queen Norma Shearer, whose husband, Irving Thalberg, head of production at MGM, had died two years earlier. Stewart began a successful partnership with director Frank Capra in 1938, when he was loaned out to Columbia Pictures to star in You Can't Take It With You. Capra had been impressed by Stewart's minor role in Navy Blue and Gold (1937). The director had recently completed several well received films, including It Happened One Night (1934), and was looking for the right actor to suit his needs—other recent actors in Capra's films such as Clark Gable, Ronald Colman, and Gary Cooper did not quite fit. Not only was Stewart just what he was looking for, but Capra also found Stewart understood that prototype intuitively and required very little directing. Later Capra commented, "I think he's probably the best actor who's ever hit the screen."[22]
You Can't Take It With You, starring Capra's "favorite actress", comedian Jean Arthur, won the 1938 Best Picture Academy Award. The following year saw Stewart work with Capra and Arthur again in the political comedy-drama Mr. Smith Goes to Washington. Stewart replaced intended star Gary Cooper in the film, playing an idealist thrown into the political arena. Upon its October 1939 release, the film garnered critical praise and became a box-office success. Stewart received the first of five Academy Award nominations for Best Actor. Stewart's father was still trying to talk him into leaving Hollywood and its sinful ways and to return to his home town to lead a decent life. Stewart took a secret trip to Europe to take a break and returned home in 1939 just as Germany invaded Poland.[22]


You hear so much about the old movie moguls and the impersonal factories where there is no freedom. MGM was a wonderful place where decisions were made on my behalf by my superiors. What's wrong with that?

James Stewart, The Leading Men of MGM[23]
Destry Rides Again, also released in 1939, became Stewart's first western film, a genre with which he would become identified later in his career. In this western parody, he is a pacifist lawman and Marlene Dietrich is the dancing saloon girl who comes to love him, but does not get him. Off-screen, Dietrich did get her man, but the romance was short-lived.[24] Made for Each Other (1939) had Stewart sharing the screen with Carole Lombard in a melodrama that garnered good reviews for both stars, but did less well with the public. Newsweek wrote that they were "perfectly cast in the leading roles".[25] Between movies, Stewart began a radio career and became a distinctive voice on the Lux Radio Theater's The Screen Guild Theater and other shows. So well-known had his slow drawl become that comedians began impersonating him.[26]
In 1940 Stewart and Sullavan reunited for two films. The first, the Ernst Lubitsch romantic comedy, The Shop Around the Corner, starred them as co-workers unknowingly involved in a pen-pal romance but who cannot stand each other in real life. It was Stewart's fifth film of the year and one of the rare ones shot in sequence; it was completed in only 27 days.[27] The Mortal Storm, directed by Frank Borzage, was one of the first blatantly anti-Nazi films to be produced in Hollywood and featured Sullavan and Stewart as friends and then lovers caught in turmoil upon Hitler's rise to power, literally hunted down by their own friends.




Stewart won his only Academy Award for Best Actor for 1940's The Philadelphia Story. He is seen here with co-star Katharine Hepburn


Stewart also starred with Cary Grant and Katharine Hepburn in George Cukor's classic The Philadelphia Story (1940). His performance as an intrusive, fast-talking reporter earned him his only Academy Award in a competitive category (Best Actor, 1941); he beat out his good friend Henry Fonda (The Grapes of Wrath). Stewart thought his performance "entertaining and slick and smooth" but lacking the "guts" of "Mr. Smith".[28] Stewart gave the Oscar statuette to his father, who displayed it for many years in a case inside the front door of his hardware store, alongside other family awards and military medals.
During the months before he began military service, Stewart appeared in a series of screwball comedies with varying levels of success. He followed No Time for Comedy (1940) with Rosalind Russell and Come Live with Me (1941) with Hedy Lamarr with the Judy Garland musical Ziegfeld Girl and the George Marshall romantic comedy Pot o' Gold, featuring Paulette Goddard. Stewart was drafted in late 1940, a situation that coincided with the lapse in his MGM contract, marking a turning point in Stewart's career, with 28 movies to his credit at that point.[29]
Military service[edit]


James Stewart



Stewart receiving the French Croix de Guerre with Palm in 1944



Nickname(s)
Jimmy


Place of burial
Glendale, California


Allegiance
United States of America


Service/branch
United States Army Air Forces


Years of service
1941–1968


Rank
Brigadier General


Battles/wars

World War II

European Theater of Operations

Vietnam War


See also: List of awards and nominations received by James Stewart
Stewart's family on both sides had deep military roots, as both grandfathers had fought in the Civil War,[10] and his father had served during both the Spanish–American War and World War I. Stewart considered his father to be the biggest influence on his life, so it was not surprising that, when another war came, he too was willing to serve. Members of his family had previously been in the infantry, but Stewart chose to become a flier.[30]
An early interest in flying led Stewart to gain his Private Pilot certificate in 1935 and Commercial Pilot certificate in 1938. He often flew cross-country to visit his parents in Pennsylvania, navigating by the railroad tracks.[12] Nearly two years before the December 1941 attack on Pearl Harbor, Stewart had accumulated over 400 hours of flying time.[31]
Considered a highly proficient pilot, he entered a cross-country race as a co-pilot in 1939.[32] Stewart, along with musician/composer Hoagy Carmichael, saw the need for trained war pilots, and joined with other Hollywood celebrities to invest in Thunderbird Field, a pilot-training school built and operated by Southwest Airways in Glendale, Arizona. This airfield became part of the United States Army Air Forces training establishment and trained more than 10,000 pilots during World War II.[33]
In October 1940, Stewart was drafted into the United States Army but was rejected for failing to meet the weight requirements for his height for new recruits—Stewart was 2.3 kg (5 lb) under the standard. To get up to 65 kg (143 lb), he sought out the help of Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer's muscle man and trainer Don Loomis, who was noted for his ability to help people add or subtract weight in his studio gymnasium. Stewart subsequently attempted to enlist in the Air Corps, but still came in underweight, although he persuaded the enlistment officer to run new tests, this time passing the weigh-in,[34][N 2] with the result that Stewart enlisted and was inducted in the Army on March 22, 1941. He became the first major American movie star to wear a military uniform in World War II.[2]
Stewart enlisted as a private[12][35] but applied for an Air Corps commission and Service Pilot rating as both a college graduate and a licensed commercial pilot. Soon to be 33, he was almost six years beyond the maximum age restriction for Aviation Cadet training, the normal path of commissioning for pilots, navigators and bombardiers. The now-obsolete auxiliary pilot ratings (Glider Pilot, Liaison Pilot and Service Pilot) differed from the Aviation Cadet Program in that a higher maximum age limit and corrected vision were allowed upon initial entry. Stewart received his commission as a second lieutenant on January 1, 1942,[36] shortly after the attack on Pearl Harbor, while a corporal at Moffett Field, California. He received his Service Pilot rating at that time, under the Service Pilot program established in March 1942 for experienced former civilian pilots. Although Service Pilots were normally restricted to noncombat flying, they were permitted to fly overseas on cargo and utility transports, typically with Air Transport, Ferry or Troop Carrier Commands. Under the regulations of the period, a Service Pilot could obtain an unrestricted Pilot rating after one year of USAAF service on flying status, provided he met certain flight experience requirements and passed an evaluation board, and some did in fact go on to combat flying assignments.[37] Stewart's first assignment was an appearance at a March of Dimes rally in Washington, D.C., but Stewart wanted assignment to an operational unit rather than serving as a recruiting symbol. He applied for and was granted advanced training on multi-engine aircraft. Stewart was posted to nearby Mather Field to instruct in both single- and twin-engine aircraft.[35][38]


Play media


James Stewart in Winning Your Wings (1942)


Public appearances by Stewart were limited engagements scheduled by the Army Air Forces. "Stewart appeared several times on network radio with Edgar Bergen and Charlie McCarthy. Shortly after Pearl Harbor, he performed with Orson Welles, Edward G. Robinson, Walter Huston and Lionel Barrymore in an all-network radio program called We Hold These Truths, dedicated to the 150th anniversary of the Bill of Rights."[39] In early 1942, Stewart was asked to appear in a film to help recruit the 100,000 airmen the USAAF anticipated it would need to win the war. The USAAF's First Motion Picture Unit shot scenes of Lieutenant Stewart in his pilot's flight jacket and recorded his voice for narration. The short recruitment film Winning Your Wings appeared in movie theaters nationwide beginning in late May and was very successful, resulting in 150,000 new recruits.[40][41]
Stewart was concerned that his expertise and celebrity status would relegate him to instructor duties "behind the lines".[42] His fears were confirmed when, after his promotion to first lieutenant on July 7, 1942,[43] he was stationed from August to December 1942 at Kirtland Army Airfield in Albuquerque, New Mexico, piloting AT-11 Kansans used in training bombardiers. He was transferred to Hobbs Army Airfield, New Mexico, for three months of transition training in the four-engine B-17 Flying Fortress, then sent to the Combat Crew Processing Center in Salt Lake City, where he expected to be assigned to a combat unit. Instead, he was assigned in early 1943 to an operational training unit, the 29th Bombardment Group at Gowen Field, Boise, Idaho, as an instructor.[35] He was promoted to captain on July 9, 1943,[43] and appointed a squadron commander.[38] To Stewart, now 35, combat duty seemed far away and unreachable, and he had no clear plans for the future. However, a rumor that Stewart would be taken off flying status and assigned to making training films or selling bonds called for immediate action, because what he dreaded most was "the hope-shattering spectre of a dead end".[44] Stewart appealed to his commander, 30-year-old Lt. Col. Walter E. Arnold Jr., who understood his situation and recommended Stewart to the commander of the 445th Bombardment Group, a B-24 Liberator unit that had just completed initial training at Gowen Field and gone on to final training at Sioux City Army Air Base, Iowa.[45][N 3]




World War II bomber pilot in 1943


In August 1943, Stewart was assigned to the 445th Bomb Group as operations officer of the 703d Bombardment Squadron, but after three weeks became its commander. On October 12, 1943, judged ready to go overseas, the 445th Bomb Group staged to Lincoln Army Airfield, Nebraska. Flying individually, the aircraft first flew to Morrison Army Airfield, Florida, and then on the circuitous Southern Route along the coasts of South America and Africa to RAF Tibenham, Norfolk, England. After several weeks of training missions, in which Stewart flew with most of his combat crews, the group flew its first combat mission on December 13, 1943, to bomb the U-boat facilities at Kiel, Germany, followed three days later by a mission to Bremen. Stewart led the high squadron of the group formation on the first mission, and the entire group on the second.[47] Following a mission to Ludwigshafen, Germany, on January 7, 1944, Stewart was promoted to major.[47][N 4] Stewart was awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross for actions as deputy commander of the 2nd Combat Bombardment Wing on the first day of "Big Week" operations in February and flew two other missions that week.[49]
On March 22, 1944, Stewart flew his 12th combat mission, leading the 2nd Bomb Wing in an attack on Berlin. On March 30, 1944, he was sent to RAF Old Buckenham to become group operations officer of the 453rd Bombardment Group, a new B-24 unit that had just lost both its commander and operations officer on missions.[50] To inspire the unit, Stewart flew as command pilot in the lead B-24 on several missions deep into Nazi-occupied Europe. As a staff officer, Stewart was assigned to the 453rd "for the duration" and thus not subject to a quota of missions of a combat tour. He nevertheless assigned himself as a combat crewman on the group's missions until his promotion to lieutenant colonel on June 3[43] and reassignment on July 1, 1944, to the 2nd Bomb Wing, assigned as executive officer to Brigadier General Edward J. Timberlake. His official tally of mission credits while assigned to the 445th and 453rd Bomb Groups was 20 sorties.
Stewart continued to go on missions uncredited, flying with the pathfinder squadron of the 389th Bombardment Group, with his two former groups and with groups of the 20th Combat Bomb Wing.[51] He received a second award of the Distinguished Flying Cross for actions in combat and was awarded the French Croix de Guerre. He also was awarded the Air Medal with three oak leaf clusters.
Stewart served in a number of staff positions in the 2nd and 20th Bomb Wings between July 1944 and the end of the war in Europe, and was promoted to full colonel on March 29, 1945.[43][52]
On May 10, 1945, he succeeded to command of the 2nd Bomb Wing, a position he held until June 15.[53] Stewart was one of the few Americans to ever rise from private to colonel in only four years during the Second World War.[12][35]
At the beginning of June 1945, Stewart was the presiding officer of the court-martial of a pilot and navigator who were charged with dereliction of duty for having accidentally bombed the Swiss city of Zurich the previous March—the first instance of U.S. personnel being tried for an attack on a neutral country. The court acquitted the defendants.[54]
Stewart continued to play a role in the Army Air Forces Reserve following World War II and the new United States Air Force Reserve after the official establishment of the Air Force as an independent service in 1947.
Stewart received permanent promotion to colonel in 1953 and served as Air Force Reserve commander of Dobbins Air Force Base, Georgia, the present day Dobbins Air Reserve Base.[43][55] He was also one of the 12 founders and a charter member of the Air Force Association in October 1945. Stewart rarely spoke about his wartime service, but did appear in January 1974 in an episode of the TV series The World At War, "Whirlwind: Bombing Germany (September 1939 – April 1944)", commenting on the disastrous mission of October 14, 1943, against Schweinfurt, Germany. At his request, he was identified only as "James Stewart, Squadron Commander" in the documentary.[56][57]
On July 23, 1959, Stewart was promoted to brigadier general. During his active duty periods, he remained current as a pilot of Convair B-36 Peacemaker, Boeing B-47 Stratojet and Boeing B-52 Stratofortress intercontinental bombers of the Strategic Air Command.[58]
On February 20, 1966, Brigadier General Stewart flew as a non-duty observer in a B-52 on an Arc Light bombing mission during the Vietnam War. He refused the release of any publicity regarding his participation, as he did not want it treated as a stunt, but as part of his job as an officer in the Air Force Reserve.
After 27 years of service, Stewart retired from the Air Force on May 31, 1968.[59]
Stewart received a number of awards during his military service and upon his retirement was awarded the United States Air Force Distinguished Service Medal.
Postwar career[edit]
After the war, Stewart took time off to reassess his career.[60] He was an early investor in Southwest Airways, founded by Leland Hayward, and considered going into the aviation industry if his restarted film career did not prosper.[61] Upon Stewart's return to Hollywood in fall 1945, he decided not to renew his MGM contract. He signed with the MCA talent agency. His former agent Leland Hayward got out of the talent business in 1944 after selling his A-list of stars, including Stewart, to MCA.[62]




As George Bailey, with guardian angel Clarence, in It's a Wonderful Life (1946). Stewart was Oscar-nominated for the performance, and the film is widely considered a Christmas classic


For his first film in five years, Stewart appeared in his third and final Frank Capra production, It's a Wonderful Life.[63][N 5] The role was Stewart's first since returning from service in World War II, during which he experienced what is now recognized as post-traumatic stress disorder. Author Robert Matzen wrote that the movie provided an outlet for Stewart's raw feelings. He wrote that he did not think Stewart "had that kind of capacity before the war. It enabled him to be ferocious and to have that raw emotion.[64] Capra paid RKO for the rights to the story and formed his own production company, Liberty Films. The female lead went to Donna Reed when Capra's perennial first choice, Jean Arthur, was unavailable, and after Ginger Rogers, Olivia de Havilland, Ann Dvorak, and Martha Scott had all turned down the role.[65] Stewart appeared as George Bailey, an upstanding small-town man who becomes increasingly frustrated by his ordinary existence and financial troubles. Driven to suicide on Christmas Eve, he is led to reassess his life by Clarence Odbody,[66] an "angel, second class" played by Henry Travers.
Although It's a Wonderful Life was nominated for five Academy Awards, including Stewart's third Best Actor nomination, it received mixed reviews and only disappointingly moderate success at the box office.[67] However, in the decades since the film's release, it grew to define Stewart's film persona and is widely considered as a sentimental Christmas film classic and, according to the American Film Institute, one of the 100 best American movies ever made. In an interview with Michael Parkinson in 1973, Stewart declared that out of all the movies he had made, It's a Wonderful Life was his favorite. After viewing the film, President Harry S. Truman concluded, "If Bess and I had a son we'd want him to be just like Jimmy Stewart."[68] In the aftermath of the film, Capra's production company went into bankruptcy, while Stewart started to have doubts about his ability to act after his military hiatus.[69] His father kept insisting he come home and marry a local girl. Meanwhile, in Hollywood, his generation of actors were fading and a new wave of actors would soon remake the town, including Marlon Brando, Montgomery Clift and James Dean.[70]







Magic Town (1947), a comedy film directed by William A. Wellman, starring James Stewart and Jane Wyman, was one of the first films about the then-new science of public opinion polling. It was poorly received. He completed Rope (1948) directed by Alfred Hitchcock and Call Northside 777 (1948), and weathered two box-office disappointments with On Our Merry Way (1948), a comedic musical ensemble in which Stewart and Henry Fonda were paired as two jazz musicians, and You Gotta Stay Happy (1949), for which the posters depicted Stewart being kissed on one cheek by Joan Fontaine and on the other by a chimpanzee. In the documentary film James Stewart: A Wonderful Life (1987), hosted by Johnny Carson, Stewart said that he went back to Westerns in 1950 in part because of the string of flops.
He returned to the stage to star in Mary Coyle Chase's Harvey, which had opened to nearly universal praise in November 1944,[71] as Elwood P. Dowd, a wealthy eccentric living with his sister and niece, and whose best friend is an invisible rabbit as large as a man. Dowd's eccentricity, especially the friendship with the rabbit, is ruining the niece's hopes of finding a husband. While trying to have Dowd committed to a sanatorium, his sister is committed herself while the play follows Dowd on an ordinary day in his not-so-ordinary life. Stewart took over the role from Frank Fay and gained an increased Broadway following in the unconventional play.[71] The play, which ran for nearly three years with Stewart as its star, was successfully adapted into a 1950 film, directed by Henry Koster, with Stewart reprising his role and Josephine Hull portraying his sister. Bing Crosby was the first choice, but he declined.[72] Stewart received his fourth Best Actor nomination for his performance. Stewart also played the role on Broadway in 1970, which was shot on videotape for NBC as part of the Hallmark Hall of Fame series in 1972, and on the London stage in 1975.
After Harvey, the World War II film Malaya (1949) with Spencer Tracy, and the conventional but highly successful biographical film The Stratton Story in 1949, Stewart's first pairing with "on-screen wife" June Allyson, his career took another turn.[73] During the 1950s, he expanded into the Western and suspense genres, thanks to collaborations with Alfred Hitchcock and Anthony Mann.
Other performances by Stewart during this time include the critically acclaimed 1950 Delmer Daves Western Broken Arrow, which featured Stewart as an ex-soldier and Indian agent making peace with the Apache; a troubled clown in the 1952 Best Picture The Greatest Show on Earth; and Stewart's role as Charles Lindbergh in Billy Wilder's 1957 The Spirit of St. Louis. He also starred in the Western radio show The Six Shooter for its one-season run from 1953 to 1954. During this time, Stewart wore the same cowboy hat and rode the same horse, "Pie", in most of his Westerns.[74][75]
Cary Grant said of Stewart's acting technique:

He had the ability to talk naturally. He knew that in conversations people do often interrupt one another and it's not always so easy to get a thought out. It took a little time for the sound men to get used to him, but he had an enormous impact. And then, some years later, Marlon came out and did the same thing all over again—but what people forget is that Jimmy did it first.[76]

Collaborations with Hitchcock and Mann[edit]
In Stewart's collaborations with director Anthony Mann, he entered the realm of the western. Stewart's first appearance in a film directed by Mann came with the 1950 western, Winchester '73. In choosing Mann (after first choice Fritz Lang declined), Stewart cemented a powerful partnership.[77] The film, which became a box-office hit upon its release, set the pattern for their future collaborations. In it, Stewart is a tough, revengeful sharpshooter, the winner of a prized rifle which is stolen and then passes through many hands, until the showdown between Stewart and his brother (Stephen McNally).[77]




Stewart made eight films for director Anthony Mann. Five of them were Westerns, including The Naked Spur (1953).


Other Stewart–Mann westerns, such as Bend of the River (1952), The Naked Spur (1953), The Far Country (1954) and The Man from Laramie (1955), were perennial favorites among young audiences entranced by the American West. Frequently, the films featured Stewart as a troubled cowboy seeking redemption, while facing corrupt cattlemen, ranchers and outlaws—a man who knows violence first hand and struggles to control it. The Stewart–Mann collaborations laid the foundation for many of the westerns of the 1950s and remain popular today for their grittier, more realistic depiction of the classic movie genre. Audiences saw Stewart's screen persona evolve into a more mature, more ambiguous, and edgier presence.[78]
Stewart and Mann also collaborated on other films outside the western genre. The Glenn Miller Story (1954) was critically acclaimed, garnering Stewart a BAFTA Award nomination, and (together with The Spirit of St. Louis) continued Stewart's portrayals of 'American heroes'. Thunder Bay, released the same year, transplanted the plot arc of their western collaborations to a more contemporary setting, with Stewart as a Louisiana oil driller facing corruption. Strategic Air Command, released in 1955, allowed Stewart to use his experiences in the United States Air Force on film.
Stewart's starring role in Winchester '73 was also a turning point in Hollywood. Universal Studios, who wanted Stewart to appear in both that film and Harvey, balked at his $200,000 asking price. His agent, Lew Wasserman, brokered an alternate deal, in which Stewart would appear in both films for no pay, in exchange for a percentage of the profits as well as cast and director approval.[79] Stewart ended up earning about $600,000 for Winchester '73 alone.[79] Hollywood's other stars quickly capitalized on this new way of doing business, which further undermined the decaying "studio system".[80]
The second collaboration to define Stewart's career in the 1950s was with director Alfred Hitchcock. Like Mann, Hitchcock uncovered new depths to Stewart's acting, showing a protagonist confronting his fears and his repressed desires. Stewart's first movie with Hitchcock was the technologically innovative 1948 film Rope, shot in long "real time" takes.[81]




Rear Window (1954) was one of four films Stewart made with Alfred Hitchcock. Stewart became the highest-grossing star of 1954 as a result.


The two collaborated for the second of four times on the 1954 hit Rear Window, widely considered one of Hitchcock's masterpieces. Stewart portrays photographer L.B. "Jeff" Jeffries, loosely based on Life photographer Robert Capa, who projects his fantasies and fears onto the people he observes out his apartment window while on hiatus due to a broken leg. Jeffries gets into more than he can handle, however, when he believes he has witnessed a salesman (Raymond Burr) commit a murder, and when his glamorous girlfriend (Grace Kelly), at first disdainful of his voyeurism and skeptical about any crime, eventually is drawn in and tries to help solve the mystery. Limited by his wheelchair, Stewart is led by Hitchcock to react to what his character sees with mostly facial responses. It was a landmark year for Stewart, becoming the highest grossing actor of 1954 and the most popular Hollywood star in the world, displacing John Wayne.[82] Hitchcock and Stewart formed a corporation, Patron Inc., to produce the film, which later became the subject of a Supreme Court case Stewart v. Abend (1990).




With Kim Novak in Vertigo, 1958


After starring in Hitchcock's remake of the director's earlier production, The Man Who Knew Too Much (1956), with Doris Day, Stewart starred, with Kim Novak, in what many consider Hitchcock's most personal film, Vertigo (1958).[83] The movie starred Stewart as John "Scottie" Ferguson, a former police investigator suffering from acrophobia, who develops an obsession with a woman he is shadowing. Scottie's obsession inevitably leads to the destruction of everything he once had and believed in. Though the film is widely considered a classic today, Vertigo met with very mixed reviews and poor box-office receipts upon its release, and marked the last collaboration between Stewart and Hitchcock.[84] The director reportedly blamed the film's failure on Stewart looking too old to be Kim Novak's love interest, and cast Cary Grant as Roger Thornhill in North by Northwest (1959), a role Stewart had very much wanted. (Grant was actually four years older than Stewart but photographed much younger.) Today, Vertigo is ranked highest in the 2012 Sight & Sound critics poll for the greatest films ever made, taking the title from long-standing favorite Citizen Kane.[85]
Career in the 1960s and 1970s[edit]




Anatomy of a Murder (1959)


In 1960, Stewart was awarded the New York Film Critics Circle Award for Best Actor and received his fifth and final Academy Award for Best Actor nomination, for his role in the 1959 Otto Preminger film Anatomy of a Murder. This courtroom drama stars Stewart as Paul Biegler, the lawyer of a hot-tempered soldier (played by Ben Gazzara) who claims temporary insanity after murdering a tavern owner who raped his wife. The film featured a career-making performance by George C. Scott as the prosecutor. The film was considered quite explicit for its time, and it was a box-office success.[86] Stewart's nomination was one of seven for the film (Charlton Heston was the winner with Ben-Hur), and saw his transition into the final decades of his career.
On January 1, 1960, Stewart received news of the death of Margaret Sullavan.[87] As a friend, mentor, and focus of his early romantic feelings, she had a unique influence on Stewart's life. On April 17, 1961, longtime friend Gary Cooper was too ill to attend the 33rd Academy Awards ceremony, so Stewart accepted the honorary Oscar on his behalf. Stewart's emotional speech hinted that something was seriously wrong, and the next day newspapers ran the headline, "Gary Cooper has cancer". One month later, on May 13, 1961, six days after his 60th birthday, Cooper died.
In the early 1960s, Stewart took leading roles in three John Ford films, his first work with the director. The first, Two Rode Together, paired him with Richard Widmark in a Western with thematic echoes of Ford's The Searchers. The next, 1962's The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance, Stewart's first picture with John Wayne, is a classic "psychological" western, shot in black and white film noir style featuring powerful use of shadows in the climactic sequence, with Stewart as an Eastern attorney who goes against his non-violent principles when he is forced to confront a psychopathic outlaw (played by Lee Marvin) in a small frontier town. At story's end, Stewart's character — now a rising political figure — faces a difficult ethical choice as he attempts to reconcile his actions with his personal integrity. The film's billing is unusual in that Stewart was given top billing over Wayne in the trailers and on the posters but Wayne was listed above Stewart in the film itself. The complex picture garnered mixed reviews but was an instant hit at the box office and became a critical favorite over the ensuing decades.




How the West Was Won (1962)



How the West Was Won (which Ford co-directed, though without directing Stewart's scenes) and Cheyenne Autumn were western epics released in 1962 and 1964 respectively. One of only a handful of movies filmed in true Cinerama, shot with three cameras and exhibited with three simultaneous projectors in theatres, How the West Was Won went on to win three Oscars and reap massive box-office figures. Cheyenne Autumn, in which a white-suited Stewart played Wyatt Earp in a long semi-comedic sequence in the middle of the movie, failed domestically and was quickly forgotten. The historical drama was Ford's final Western and Stewart's last feature film with Ford. Stewart's entertainingly memorable middle sequence is not directly connected with the rest of the film and was often excised from the lengthy film in later theatrical exhibition prints and some television broadcasts.
Having played his last romantic lead in Bell, Book and Candle (1958), with Kim Novak, and silver-haired (although not all was his—he wore a partial hairpiece starting with It's a Wonderful Life and in every film thereafter), Stewart transitioned into more family-related films in the 1960s when he signed a multi-movie deal with 20th Century Fox. These included the successful Henry Koster outing Mr. Hobbs Takes a Vacation (1962), and the less memorable films Take Her, She's Mine (1963) and Dear Brigitte (1965), which featured French model Brigitte Bardot as the object of Stewart's son's mash notes. The Civil War period film Shenandoah (1965) and the western family film The Rare Breed fared better at the box office; the Civil War movie, with strong antiwar and humanitarian themes, was a hit in the South.[citation needed]




In 1973 TV series Hawkins.


As an aviator, Stewart was particularly interested in aviation films and had pushed to appear in several in the 1950s, including No Highway in the Sky (1951), and Strategic Air Command (1955) and The Spirit of St. Louis (1957). He continued in this vein in the 1960s, in a role as a hard-bitten pilot in The Flight of the Phoenix (1965). Subbing for Stewart, famed stunt pilot and air racer Paul Mantz was killed when he crashed the "Tallmantz Phoenix P-1", the specially made, single-engined movie airplane, in an abortive "touch-and-go". Stewart also narrated the film X-15 in 1961. In 1964, he and several other military aviators, including Curtis LeMay, Paul Tibbets, Bruce Sundlun and Arthur Godfrey, became the founding directors on the board of Executive Jet Aviation Corporation.[88]
After a progression of lesser western films in the late 1960s and early 1970s, Stewart transitioned from cinema to television. In the 1950s he had made guest appearances on the Jack Benny Program. Stewart first starred in the NBC comedy The Jimmy Stewart Show, on which he played a college professor. He followed it with the CBS mystery Hawkins, in which he played a small town lawyer investigating cases, similar to his character in Anatomy of a Murder. The series garnered Stewart a Golden Globe for Best Actor in a Dramatic TV Series, but failed to gain a wide audience, possibly because it rotated with Shaft, another high-quality series but with a starkly conflicting demographic, and was cancelled after one season. During this time, Stewart periodically appeared on Johnny Carson's The Tonight Show, sharing poems he had written at different times in his life. His poems were later compiled into a short collection, Jimmy Stewart and His Poems (1989).[89][90]
Stewart returned to films after an absence of five years with a major supporting role in John Wayne's final film, The Shootist (1976) where Stewart played a doctor giving Wayne's gunfighter a terminal cancer diagnosis. At one point, both Wayne and Stewart were flubbing their lines repeatedly and Stewart turned to director Don Siegel and said, "You'd better get two better actors." Stewart also appeared in supporting roles in Airport '77, the 1978 remake of The Big Sleep starring Robert Mitchum as Raymond Chandler's Philip Marlowe, and The Magic of Lassie (1978). All three movies received poor reviews, and The Magic of Lassie flopped at the box office.
Last years and later career[edit]




Speaking at The Kennedy Center on Inauguration Day, 1981, in Washington D.C.


Following the failure of The Magic of Lassie, Stewart went into semi-retirement from acting. He donated his papers, films, and other records to Brigham Young University's Harold B. Lee Library in 1983.[91] Stewart had diversified investments including real estate, oil wells, a charter-plane company and membership on major corporate boards, and he became a multimillionaire. In the 1980s and '90s, he did voiceover work for commercials for Campbell's Soups.
Stewart's longtime friend Henry Fonda died in 1982, and former co-star and friend Grace Kelly died after a car crash shortly afterwards. A few months later, Stewart starred with Bette Davis in Right of Way. He filmed several television movies in the 1980s, including Mr. Krueger's Christmas, which allowed him to fulfill a lifelong dream to conduct the Mormon Tabernacle Choir.[92] He made frequent visits to the Reagan White House and traveled on the lecture circuit. The re-release of his Hitchcock films gained Stewart renewed recognition. Rear Window and Vertigo were particularly praised by film critics, which helped bring these pictures to the attention of younger movie-goers. He was presented an Academy Honorary Award by Cary Grant in 1985, "for his 50 years of memorable performances, for his high ideals both on and off the screen, with respect and affection of his colleagues".[68]
In 1988, Stewart made an impassioned plea in Congressional hearings, along with, among many others, Burt Lancaster, Katharine Hepburn, Ginger Rogers, and film director Martin Scorsese, against Ted Turner's decision to 'colorize' classic black and white films, including It's a Wonderful Life. Stewart stated, "the coloring of black-and-white films is wrong. It's morally and artistically wrong and these profiteers should leave our film industry alone".[93]
In 1989, Stewart founded the American Spirit Foundation to apply entertainment industry resources to developing innovative approaches to public education and to assist the emerging democracy movements in the former Iron Curtain countries. Peter F. Paul arranged for Stewart, through the offices of President Boris Yeltsin, to send a special print of It's a Wonderful Life, translated by Lomonosov Moscow State University, to Russia as the first American program ever to be broadcast on Russian television. It first aired on Russian TV Channel 2 on January 5, 1992, the first day of the existence of the Commonwealth of Independent States and Russian Orthodox Christmas.
In association with politicians and celebrities such as President Ronald Reagan, Supreme Court Chief Justice Warren Burger, California Governor George Deukmejian, Bob Hope and Charlton Heston, Stewart worked from 1987 to 1993 on projects that enhanced the public appreciation and understanding of the U.S. Constitution and Bill of Rights.
In 1991, James Stewart voiced the character of Sheriff Wylie Burp in the movie An American Tail: Fievel Goes West, which was his last film role. Shortly before his 80th birthday, he was asked how he wanted to be remembered. "As someone who 'believed in hard work and love of country, love of family and love of community.'"[68]
Personal life[edit]
Stewart was almost universally described by his collaborators as a kind, soft-spoken man and a true professional.[94] Joan Crawford praised the actor as an "endearing perfectionist" with "a droll sense of humor and a shy way of watching you to see if you react to that humor".[68]




Stewart was married to Gloria Hatrick McLean from 1949 to her death in 1994


When Henry Fonda moved to Hollywood in 1934, he was again a roommate with Stewart in an apartment in Brentwood,[95] and the two gained reputations as playboys.[96] Both men's children later noted that their favorite activity when not working seemed to be quietly sharing time together while building and painting model airplanes, a hobby they had taken up in New York, years earlier.[97]
After World War II, Stewart settled down, at age 41, marrying former model Gloria Hatrick McLean on August 9, 1949. As Stewart loved to recount in self-mockery, "I, I, I pitched the big question to her last night and to my surprise she, she, she said yes!"[98] Stewart adopted her two sons, Michael and Ronald, and with Gloria he had twin daughters, Judy and Kelly, on May 7, 1951. The couple remained married until her death from lung cancer on February 16, 1994, at the age of 75. Ronald McLean was killed in action in Vietnam on June 8, 1969, at the age of 24, while serving as a lieutenant in the Marine Corps.[99][100] Daughter Kelly Stewart is a physical anthropologist.[101]
Stewart was active in philanthropy over the years. His signature charity event, "The Jimmy Stewart Relay Marathon Race", held each year since 1982, has raised millions of dollars for the Child and Family Development Center at St. John's Health Center in Santa Monica, California.[12] He was a lifelong supporter of Scouting, having been a Second Class Scout when he was a youth, an adult Scout leader, and a recipient of the prestigious Silver Buffalo Award from the Boy Scouts of America (BSA). In later years, he made advertisements for the BSA, which led to his being sometimes incorrectly identified as an Eagle Scout.[102] An award for Boy Scouts, "The James M. Stewart Good Citizenship Award" has been presented since May 17, 2003.[103]
Stewart was a Life Member of the Sons of the Revolution in the State of California.[104]
One of Stewart's lesser-known talents was his homespun poetry. Once, while on The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson, he read a poem entitled "Beau" that he had written about his dog. By the end of this reading, Carson's eyes were welling with tears.[105] This was later parodied on a late 1980s episode of the NBC sketch show Saturday Night Live, with Dana Carvey as Stewart reciting the poem on Weekend Update and bringing anchor Dennis Miller to tears. He was also an avid gardener. Stewart purchased the house next door to his Beverly Hills home, had it razed, and installed his garden on the lot.[106]
Politics[edit]
Stewart was a staunch Republican[107] and actively campaigned for Richard Nixon and Ronald Reagan. He was a hawk on the Vietnam War, and maintained that his stepson, Ronald, did not die in vain. Stewart actively supported Reagan's bid to win the Republican presidential nomination in 1976.
Following the assassination of Senator Robert F. Kennedy in 1968, Stewart, Charlton Heston, Kirk Douglas and Gregory Peck issued a statement calling for support of President Lyndon Johnson's Gun Control Act of 1968.
One of his best friends was fellow actor Henry Fonda, despite the fact that the two had very different political ideologies. A political argument in 1947 resulted in a fistfight, but they maintained their friendship by never discussing politics again.[108] This tale may be apocryphal as Jhan Robbins quotes Stewart as saying: "Our views never interfered with our feelings for each other, we just didn't talk about certain things. I can't remember ever having an argument with him—ever!" However, Jane Fonda told Donald Dewey for his 1996 biography of Stewart that her father did have a falling out with Stewart at that time, although she did not know whether it was because of their political differences. There is a brief reference to their political differences in character in their movie The Cheyenne Social Club. In the last years of his life, he donated to the campaign of Bob Dole in the 1996 presidential election and to Democratic Florida governor Bob Graham in his successful run for the Senate.[107]
Death[edit]




James Stewart's grave



Stewart was hospitalized after falling over in December 1995.[109] In December 1996, he was due to have the battery in his pacemaker changed, but opted not to, preferring to let things happen naturally. In February 1997, he was hospitalized for an irregular heartbeat. On June 25, a thrombosis formed in his right leg, leading to a pulmonary embolism one week later. Surrounded by his children on July 2, 1997, Stewart died at the age of 89 at his home in Beverly Hills, California, with his final words to his family being, "I'm going to be with Gloria now."[110] President Bill Clinton commented that America had lost a "national treasure ... a great actor, a gentleman and a patriot".[68] Over 3,000 mourners, mostly celebrities, attended Stewart's memorial service, which included a firing of three volleys for his service in the Army Air Forces and the U.S. Air Force.[111] Stewart's remains are interred at Forest Lawn Memorial Park in Glendale, California.[112]
Filmography[edit]




In Frank Borzage's The Mortal Storm



Main article: James Stewart filmography
From the beginning of Stewart's film career in 1935, through his final theatrical project in 1991, he appeared in more than 92 films, television programs and shorts. Five of his movies were included on the American Film Institute's list of the 100 greatest American films: Mr. Smith Goes to Washington; The Philadelphia Story; It's a Wonderful Life; Rear Window and Vertigo. His roles in Mr. Smith Goes to Washington, The Philadelphia Story, It's a Wonderful Life, Harvey, and Anatomy of a Murder earned him Academy Award nominations—with one win for The Philadelphia Story.
Broadway performances[edit]

Carry Nation as "Constable Gano" (October – November 1932)
Goodbye Again as "Chauffeur" (December 1932 – July 1933)
Spring in Autumn as "Jack Brennan" (October–November 1933)
All Good Americans as "Johnny Chadwick" (December 1933 – January 1934)
Yellow Jack as "Sgt. John O'Hara" (May 1934)
Divided By Three as "Teddy Parrish" (October 1934)
Page Miss Glory as "Ed Olsen" (November 1934 – March 1935)
A Journey By Night as "Carl" (April 1935)
Harvey as "Elwood P. Dowd" (July–August 1947, July–August 1948, replacing vacationing Frank Fay, who created the role on Broadway)[N 6]
Harvey as "Elwood P. Dowd" (revival, February–May 1970)
A Gala Tribute to Joshua Logan as himself (March 9, 1975)

Radio appearances[edit]


Year
Program
Episode/source


1937
Lux Radio Theatre
Madame X


1939
The Gulf Screen Guild Theater
Tailored By Toni


1939
The Gulf Screen Guild Theater
Going My Way


1940
The Gulf Screen Guild Theater
Single Crossing


1940
Screen Guild Players
The Shop Around the Corner[113]


1945
Lux Radio Theatre
Destry Rides Again


1946
Suspense
"Consequence"[114]


1947
Lux Radio Theatre
It's A Wonderful Life


1947
Lux Radio Theatre
Magic Town


1948
Readers' Digest Radio Edition
One Way to Broadway[113]


1949
Suspense
Mission Completed[113]


1949
Lux Radio Theatre
You Gotta Stay Happy


1949
Lux Radio Theatre
June Bride


1949
Screen Directors Playhouse
Call Northside 777


1950
Lux Radio Theatre
The Stratton Story


1951
Lux Radio Theatre
When Johnny Comes Marching Home


1951
Lux Radio Theatre
Winchester '73


1952
Lux Radio Theatre
No Highway in the Sky


1953
Theatre Guild on the Air
O'Halloran's Luck''[115]


1953-4
The Six Shooter
Starred as Britt Ponset


Legacy[edit]




Photo by Carl Van Vechten (1934)


Throughout his seven decades in Hollywood, Stewart cultivated a versatile career and recognized screen image in such classics as Mr. Smith Goes to Washington, The Mortal Storm, The Philadelphia Story, Harvey, It's a Wonderful Life, Shenandoah, The Glenn Miller Story, Rear Window, Rope, The Man Who Knew Too Much, The Shop Around the Corner, The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance and Vertigo. He is the most represented leading actor on the AFI's 100 Years…100 Movies (10th Anniversary Edition) and AFI's 10 Top 10 lists. He is the most represented leading actor on the 100 Greatest Movies of All Time list presented by Entertainment Weekly. As of 2007, ten of his films have been inducted into the United States National Film Registry. As part of their 100 Years Series, Stewart was named the third greatest screen legend actor in American film history by the AFI in 1999.[3]
Stewart left his mark on a wide range of film genres, including westerns, suspense thrillers, family films, biographies, and screwball comedies. He worked for many renowned directors during his career, among them Frank Capra, George Cukor, Henry Hathaway, Cecil B. DeMille, Ernst Lubitsch, Frank Borzage, George Stevens, Alfred Hitchcock, John Ford, Billy Wilder, Don Siegel, and Anthony Mann. He won many of the industry's highest honors and earned Lifetime Achievement awards from every major film organization, and is often considered to be one of the most influential actors in the history of American cinema.
Honors and tributes[edit]
Main article: List of awards and nominations received by James Stewart
Stewart was the recipient of many official accolades throughout his life, receiving film industry awards, military and civilian medals, honorary degrees, and memorials and tributes for his contribution to the performing arts, humanitarianism, and military service.
The library at Brigham Young University houses his personal papers and movie memorabilia including his Academy Award for Best Actor.[116][117]
In February 1980, Stewart was honored by Freedoms Foundation of Valley Forge, Pennsylvania, along with U.S. Senator Jake Garn, U.S. Ambassador Shirley Temple Black, singer John Denver, and Tom Abraham, a businessman from Canadian, Texas, who worked with immigrants seeking to become U.S. citizens.[118]
On May 20, 1995, his 87th birthday, The James M. Stewart Foundation was created to honor James Stewart. In concert with his family members, the foundation also established The Jimmy Stewart Museum in his hometown of Indiana, Pennsylvania. The foundation was created to "preserve, promote and enshrine the accomplishments of James M. Stewart, actor, soldier, civic leader, and world citizen..." The registered office is at 835 Philadelphia Street, Indiana, Pa, 15701 and is located within easy walking distance of his place of birth, the home in which he grew up, and the former location of his father's hardware store. A large statue of Stewart stands on the lawn of the Indiana County Courthouse, just feet from the museum.
The Jimmy Stewart Museum houses movie posters and photos, awards, personal artifacts, a gift shop and an intimate 1930's era theatre in which his films are regularly shown.
See also[edit]

List of film collaborations



United States Air Force portal
Biography portal
Film portal


References[edit]
Notes[edit]



^ MGM head Louis B. Mayer first tried to talk Stewart out of enlisting, claiming he would be sacrificing his career. "Mayer was just so desperate to say something that would keep me from enlisting", recalls Stewart... I said, "Mr. Mayer, this country's conscience is bigger than all the studios in Hollywood put together, and the time will come when we'll have to fight...The next thing he did was announce a big going-away party for me, and every star at the studio was summoned to be there... That was one big party."[2]
^ Stewart later confided that he had a 'friend' operating the weight scales.[34]
^ Walter E. "Pop" Arnold became commander of the 485th Bombardment Group in September 1943 and his B-24 was shot down over eastern Germany on August 27, 1944, making him a prisoner of war.[46]
^ While leading the 445th on this date, Stewart made a decision in combat to not break formation from another group that had made an error in navigation. The other group lost four bombers in a subsequent interception, but Stewart's decision possibly saved it from annihilation and incurred considerable damage to his own 48 aircraft. His decision resulted in a letter of commendation and promotion to major on January 20, 1944. Sy Bartlett and Beirne Lay used the episode in their novel 12 O'Clock High.[43][47][48]
^ Although Stewart was always Capra's first choice, in an interview later in life, he conceded that "Henry Fonda was in the running."[63]
^ The reference does not mention the second set of dates, nor that Frank Fay created the role.



Citations[edit]


^ "James Stewart, the Hesitant Hero, Dies at 89". The New York Times. July 3, 1997. 
^ a b c Munn, Michael. Jimmy Stewart: The Truth Behind the Legend, Skyhorse Publishing (2013) ebook
^ a b "AFI's 100 Years ... 100 Stars". American Film Institute (Afi.com). June 16, 1999. Retrieved June 22, 2013. 
^ http://www.afi.com/laa/laa80.aspx
^ Smith, Lynn (March 30, 2003). "In Supporting Roles". Los Angeles Times. p. 193. 
^ "James Stewart profile". FilmReference.com. Retrieved January 11, 2011.
^ "Ancestry of Jimmy Stewart". genealogy.about.com. Retrieved October 28, 2012.
^ "Movies: Best Pictures". The New York Times. Retrieved March 7, 2012.
^ "Jimmy Stewart profile". adherents.com. Retrieved March 7, 2012.
^ a b c Eliot 2006, pp. 11–12.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 15.
^ a b c d e f "Biography". The Jimmy Stewart Museum. Retrieved January 11, 2011.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 31.
^ Berg, A. Scott (1999). Lindbergh. New York, NY: Berkley/Penguin. p. 121. ISBN 978-0-425-17041-0. 
^ "Princeton Triangle Club" Archived 2011-10-02 at the Wayback Machine.. princeton.edu. Retrieved January 11, 2011.
^ Fonda and Teichmann 1981, p. 74.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 57.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 58.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 65.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 74.
^ Eliot 2006, pp. 84, 87.
^ a b Eliot 2006, p. 105.
^ Wayne 2004, p. 447.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 139.
^ Jones, McClure and Twomey 1970, p. 67.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 112.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 144.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 167.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 168.
^ Smith 2005, pp. 25–26.
^ "Brigadier General James Stewart". National Museum of the United States Air Force. Retrieved November 2, 2011.
^ Smith 2005, p. 26.
^ "Thunderbird Field". airfields-freeman.com. Retrieved November 2, 2011.
^ a b Smith 2005, p. 30.
^ a b c d "Brigadier General James Stewart". Something About Everything Military. Retrieved September 7, 2008.
^ Associated Press, "James Stewart Now Is Second Lieutenant", The Spokesman-Review, Spokane, Washington, Friday 2 January 1942, Volume 59, Number 233, page 2.
^ U.S. Army Air Forces (01 October 1943). Section 11 - Aeronautical Ratings, in Pilot's Information File (PIF 1-11-8), War Department, Washington, DC
^ a b McGowan, Sam. "From Private to Colonel". WWII History, Volume 11, July 2012, p. 42.
^ Smith 2005, pp. 31–32.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 181.
^ Biederman, Patricia Ward. "Winning the war, one frame at a time". Los Angeles Times, October 30, 2002. Retrieved September 7, 2008.
^ Smith 2005, p. 31.
^ a b c d e f Smith 2005, p. 273.
^ Smith 2005, pp. 49–50.
^ McGowan "From Private to Colonel", p. 43.
^ "485th Stories". 485thbg.org. 
^ a b c McGowan "From Private to Colonel", p. 44.
^ Bowman 1979, p. 26.
^ McGowan "From Private to Colonel", p. 45.
^ McGowan "From Private to Colonel", pp. 45–46.
^ McGowan "From Private to Colonel", pp. 46–47.
^ McGowan "From Private to Colonel", p. 47.
^ Maurer 1983, p. 375.
^ Helmreich, Dr. Jonathan E. "The Bombing of Zurich". Maxwell Air Force Base. Retrieved March 28, 2010.
^ "FBI Award". FBI. Retrieved March 7, 2012.
^ Smith 2005, p. 60.
^ Whirlwind: Bombing Empire YouTube
^ Swopes, Bryan R. (February 20, 2014). "20 February 1966 | This Day in Aviation". Photo credits: Bettmann/CORBIS, U.S. Air Force, Los Angeles Times, AP, RAF Old Buckenham. thisdayinaviation.com. Archived from the original on 5 April 2014. Retrieved April 4, 2014. 
^ "Stewart profile". U.S. Air Force. Retrieved March 7, 2012.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 196.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 199.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 197.
^ a b Cox 2005, p. 6.
^ Bates, Dan. "Jimmy Stewart used his PTSD from WWII in It’s a Wonderful Life". Mail Online. Retrieved 26 December 2016. 
^ Eliot 2006, p. 203.
^ Cox 2005, p. 70.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 209.
^ a b c d e "Obituary: James Stewart, the hesitant hero, dies at 89". The New York Times, July 3, 1997.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 211.
^ Eliot 2006, pp. 208, 211.
^ a b Eliot 2006, p. 214.
^ Eliot 2006, pp. 208, 213.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 237.
^ "James Stewart's Horse". Wild West net. Retrieved March 13, 2010.
^ "James Stewart profile". Film Reference.com. Retrieved March 13, 2010.
^ "Jimmy Stewart: The Biggest Little Man". Orlando Sentinel. 
^ a b Eliot 2006, p. 248.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 251.
^ a b Eliot 2006, p. 245.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 254.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 220.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 278.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 310.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 321.
^ "Vertigo is named 'greatest film of all time'". BBC News, August 2, 2012. Retrieved September 22, 2013.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 332.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 337.
^ "Paul Tibbets: A Rendezvous With History, Part 3". Airport Journals, June 2003.
^ Krier, Beth Ann. "The muse within Jimmy Stewart". Los Angeles Times, September 10, 1989.
^ Stewart, Jimmy (August 19, 1989). Jimmy Stewart and His Poems. Crown. ISBN 978-0517573822. 
^ Tollestrup, Jon. "Collections: Thousands of Artifacts, Centuries of History" The Daily Universe, February 13, 2006.
^ Bauman, Joe (January 26, 2009). "Utah-Hollywood connection runs deep". Deseret News. p. B2. 
^ Eliot 2006, p. 405.
^ Eliot 2006, pp. 164–68.
^ Fonda and Teichmann 1981, p. 106.
^ Fonda and Teichmann 1981, pp. 107–08.
^ Fonda and Teichmann 1981, p. 97.
^ Eliot 2006, p. 239.
^ "Gloria Stewart obituary". The New York Times, February 18, 1994.
^ "1LT Ronald Walsh McLean". VirtualWall.org. Retrieved June 27, 2013.
^ "Kelly Stewart". anthro.ucdavis.edu. Retrieved March 7, 2012. Archived May 17, 2011, at the Wayback Machine.
^ Lawson, Terry C. Erroneous Eagle Scouts Letter. Eagle Scout Service, National Eagle Scout Association, Boy Scouts of America (2005). Retrieved June 9, 2005.
^ "James M. Stewart Good Citizenship Award", jimmy.org. Retrieved March 7, 2012.
^ "It's a Wonderful Life for a fellow member!!" srcalifornia.com, Fall 1995. Retrieved August 2, 2012.
^ McMahon, Ed. "Ed McMahon says farewell to Johnny Carson". MSNBC, September 12, 2006, p. 3.
^ Nichols, Mary E. "James Stewart: The Star of It’s a Wonderful Life and The Philadelphia Story in Beverly Hills". Architectural Digest. Retrieved September 22, 2013.
^ a b "Political Donations". newsmeat.com. Retrieved March 7, 2012.
^ Robbins 1985, p. 99.
^ "James Stewart Hospitalized After Falling at His Home". LA Times. 22 December 1995. 
^ "James Stewart – Classic Cinema Gold". 
^ "James Stewart Biography". The Biography Channel. Retrieved September 22, 2013.
^ Ellenberger, Allan R. (2001). Celebrities in Los Angeles Cemeteries: A Directory. Jefferson, NC: McFarland & Company. p. 72. ISBN 978-0-7864-0983-9. 
^ a b c "Those Were The Days". Nostalgia Digest. 41 (3): 32–39. Summer 2015. 
^ http://www.escape-suspense.com/2008/06/suspense---cons.html 
^ Kirby, Walter (March 1, 1953). "Better Radio Programs for the Week". The Decatur Daily Review. p. 46. Retrieved June 23, 2015 – via Newspapers.com.  
^ "Jimmy Stewart". Deseret News. July 4, 1997. 
^ Carter, Edward L. (July 4, 1997). "BYU ready to expand its Stewart collection". Deseret News. 
^ "Tom Abraham to be honored by Freedoms Foundation Feb. 22", Canadian Record, Canadian, Texas, February 14, 1980, p. 19.


Bibliography[edit]


Beaver, Jim. "James Stewart". Films in Review, October 1980.
Bowman, Martin. B-24 Liberator 1939–1945, London: Patrick Stephens Ltd., 1979 ISBN 978-0-52881-538-6.
Coe, Jonathan. James Stewart: Leading Man. London: Bloomsbury, 1994. ISBN 978-0-14029-467-5.
Collins, Thomas W. Jr."Stewart, James". American National Biography Online. Retrieved February 18, 2007.
Cox, Stephen. It's a Wonderful Life: A Memory Book. Nashville, Tennessee: Cumberland House, 2003. ISBN 978-1-58182-337-0.
Eliot, Mark. Jimmy Stewart: A Biography. New York: Random House, 2006. ISBN 978-1-40005-222-6.
Fonda, Henry as told to Howard Teichmann. Fonda: My Life. New York: A Signet Book, New American Library, 1981. ISBN 0-451-11858-8.
Houghton, Norris. But Not Forgotten: The Adventure of the University Players. New York: William Sloane Associates, 1951.
Jackson, Kenneth T., Karen Markoe and Arnie Markoe. The Scribner Encyclopedia of American Lives (5). New York: Simon and Schuster, 1998. ISBN 0-684-80663-0.
Jones, Ken D., Arthur F. McClure and Alfred E. Twomey. The Films of James Stewart. New York: Castle Books, 1970.
Maurer, Maurer (1983). Air Force Combat Units of World War II. Washington, D.C.: Office of Air Force History. ISBN 0-912799-02-1
McGowan, Helene. James Stewart. London: Bison Group, 1992, ISBN 0-86124-925-9.
McGowan, Sam. "From Private to Colonel". WWII History, Volume 11, July 2012, pp. 40–47.
Pickard, Roy. Jimmy Stewart: A Life in Film. New York: St. Martin's Press, 1992. ISBN 0-312-08828-0.
Prendergast, Tom and Sara, eds. "Stewart, James". International Dictionary of Films and Filmmakers, 4th edition. London: St. James Press, 2000. ISBN 1-55862-450-3.
Prendergast, Tom and Sara, eds. "Stewart, James". St. James Encyclopedia of Popular Culture, 5th edition. London: St. James Press, 2000. ISBN 1-55862-529-1.
Robbins, Jhan. Everybody's Man: A Biography of Jimmy Stewart. New York: G.P. Putnam's Sons, 1985. ISBN 0-399-12973-1.
Smith, Starr. Jimmy Stewart: Bomber Pilot. St. Paul, Minnesota: Zenith Press, 2005. ISBN 0-7603-2199-X.
Thomas, Tony. A Wonderful Life: The Films and Career of James Stewart. Secaucus, New Jersey: Citadel Press, 1988. ISBN 0-8065-1081-1.
Wayne, Jane Ellen.The Leading Men of MGM. New York: Carroll & Graf Publishers, 2004. ISBN 0-7867-1475-1.
Wright, Stuart J. An Emotional Gauntlet: From Life in Peacetime America to the War in European Skies—A History of 453rd Bomb Group Crews. Milwaukee, Wisconsin: University of Wisconsin Press, 2004. ISBN 0-299-20520-7.


External links[edit]





This section's use of external links may not follow Wikipedia's policies or guidelines. Please improve this article by removing excessive or inappropriate external links, and converting useful links where appropriate into footnote references. (May 2012) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)





Wikimedia Commons has media related to James Stewart.





Wikiquote has quotations related to: Jimmy Stewart



Finding aid author: Mary-Celeste Ricks (2015). "His Wonderful Life: A Tribute to James Stewart". Prepared for the L. Tom Perry Special Collections, Provo, UT. Retrieved May 16, 2016.
Finding aid authors: James V. D'Arc and John N. Gillespie (2014). "John Strauss files on publicity for James Stewart". Prepared for the L. Tom Perry Special Collections, Provo, UT. Retrieved May 16, 2016.
Finding aid authors: Karen Glenn and John Murphy (2013). "WNET transcripts for James Stewart : A Wonderful Life". Prepared for the L. Tom Perry Special Collections, Provo, UT. Retrieved May 16, 2016.
James Stewart at the Internet Broadway Database 
James Stewart on IMDb
Jimmy Stewart at the TCM Movie Database 
Jimmy Stewart Museum
The American Spirit Foundation
Feaster, Felicia. James Stewart Profile at Turner Classic Movies
"Princeton to Honor Famed Alumnus Jimmy Stewart '32 With Tribute and Theater Dedication", Princeton University (1997)
Centennial Tribute to James Stewart
"Entertainment Weekly's 100 Greatest Movies of All Time"
"Mr. Stewart Goes to Vietnam", article from Vietnam magazine about Stewart's B-52 mission in 1966
Images: Stewart Pictures. Telecommunication & Film Department, University of Alabama
Images: "Col. James M. Stewart stands with his father outside of the family's hardware store", Life Magazine (1945)
A Wonderful Life: Jimmy Stewart, Actor and B-24 Bomber Pilot
James Stewart in the 1910 US Census, 1920 US Census, 1930 US Census, and the Social Security Death Index.
Photos of Jimmy Stewart in 'Pot O Gold' by Ned Scott
James Stewart(Aveleyman)
James Stewart interview on BBC Radio 4 Desert Island Discs, December 23, 1983







v
t
e


Hosts of the Academy Awards ceremonies



1929–50



Douglas Fairbanks / William C. deMille (1929)
William C. deMille (1930)
Conrad Nagel (1930)
Lawrence Grant (1931)
Lionel Barrymore / Conrad Nagel (1932)
Will Rogers (1934)
Irvin S. Cobb (1935)
Frank Capra (1936)
George Jessel (1937)
Bob Burns (1938)
None (1939)
Bob Hope (1940)
Bob Hope (1941)
None (1942)
Bob Hope (1943)
Jack Benny (1944)
Bob Hope / John Cromwell (1945)
Bob Hope / James Stewart (1946)
Jack Benny (1947)
Dick Powell / Agnes Moorehead (1948)
Robert Montgomery (1949)
Paul Douglas (1950)





1951–75



Fred Astaire (1951)
Danny Kaye (1952)
Bob Hope / Conrad Nagel (1953)
Donald O'Connor / Fredric March (1954)
Bob Hope / Thelma Ritter (1955)
Jerry Lewis / Claudette Colbert / Joseph L. Mankiewicz (1956)
Jerry Lewis / Celeste Holm (1957)
Bob Hope / David Niven / Donald Duck / James Stewart / Jack Lemmon / Rosalind Russell (1958)
Bob Hope / David Niven / Tony Randall / Mort Sahl / Laurence Olivier / Jerry Lewis (1959)
Bob Hope (1960)
Bob Hope (1961)
Bob Hope (1962)
Frank Sinatra (1963)
Jack Lemmon (1964)
Bob Hope (1965)
Bob Hope (1966)
Bob Hope (1967)
Bob Hope (1968)
None (1969)
None (1970)
None (1971)
Helen Hayes / Alan King / Sammy Davis Jr. / Jack Lemmon (1972)
Carol Burnett / Michael Caine / Charlton Heston / Rock Hudson (1973)
John Huston / Burt Reynolds / David Niven / Diana Ross (1974)
Sammy Davis Jr. / Bob Hope / Shirley MacLaine / Frank Sinatra (1975)





1976–2000



Goldie Hawn / Gene Kelly / Walter Matthau / George Segal / Robert Shaw (1976)
Warren Beatty / Ellen Burstyn / Jane Fonda / Richard Pryor (1977)
Bob Hope (1978)
Johnny Carson (1979)
Johnny Carson (1980)
Johnny Carson (1981)
Johnny Carson (1982)
Liza Minnelli / Dudley Moore / Richard Pryor / Walter Matthau (1983)
Johnny Carson (1984)
Jack Lemmon (1985)
Alan Alda / Jane Fonda / Robin Williams (1986)
Chevy Chase / Goldie Hawn / Paul Hogan (1987)
Chevy Chase (1988)
None (1989)
Billy Crystal (1990)
Billy Crystal (1991)
Billy Crystal (1992)
Billy Crystal (1993)
Whoopi Goldberg (1994)
David Letterman (1995)
Whoopi Goldberg (1996)
Billy Crystal (1997)
Billy Crystal (1998)
Whoopi Goldberg (1999)
Billy Crystal (2000)





2001–present



Steve Martin (2001)
Whoopi Goldberg (2002)
Steve Martin (2003)
Billy Crystal (2004)
Chris Rock (2005)
Jon Stewart (2006)
Ellen DeGeneres (2007)
Jon Stewart (2008)
Hugh Jackman (2009)
Alec Baldwin / Steve Martin (2010)
James Franco / Anne Hathaway (2011)
Billy Crystal (2012)
Seth MacFarlane (2013)
Ellen DeGeneres (2014)
Neil Patrick Harris (2015)
Chris Rock (2016)
Jimmy Kimmel (2017)
Jimmy Kimmel (2018)












v
t
e


Indiana in Indiana County, Pennsylvania



Attractions



Downtown Indiana Historic District
Breezedale
Buffalo, Rochester & Pittsburgh Railway Indiana Passenger Station
Silas M. Clark House
Graff's Market
James Mitchell House
Old Indiana County Courthouse
Indiana Borough 1912 Municipal Building
Indiana Armory
Old Indiana County Jail and Sheriff's Office
John Sutton Hall





Transportation



Indiana County Transit Authority





Notable people



Edward Abbey
James H. Bronson
Renée Fleming
Jim Nance
Michael Ryan
James Stewart
Steve Wheatcroft





Education



Indiana University of Pennsylvania
Indiana Area School District





Industry



First Commonwealth Financial Corporation





Newspapers



Indiana Gazette





Radio stations




By AM frequency



1160
1450





By FM frequency



90.1
92.5
95.5
100.3
103.7
105.1
106.3





By callsign



W262CU
WCCS
WDAD
WFGI
WFSJ-LP
WIUP
WLCY
WMUG-LP
WQMU













Awards for James Stewart











v
t
e


Academy Award for Best Actor



1928–1950



Emil Jannings (1928)
Warner Baxter (1929)
George Arliss (1930)
Lionel Barrymore (1931)
Fredric March / Wallace Beery (1932)
Charles Laughton (1933)
Clark Gable (1934)
Victor McLaglen (1935)
Paul Muni (1936)
Spencer Tracy (1937)
Spencer Tracy (1938)
Robert Donat (1939)
James Stewart (1940)
Gary Cooper (1941)
James Cagney (1942)
Paul Lukas (1943)
Bing Crosby (1944)
Ray Milland (1945)
Fredric March (1946)
Ronald Colman (1947)
Laurence Olivier (1948)
Broderick Crawford (1949)
José Ferrer (1950)





1951–1975



Humphrey Bogart (1951)
Gary Cooper (1952)
William Holden (1953)
Marlon Brando (1954)
Ernest Borgnine (1955)
Yul Brynner (1956)
Alec Guinness (1957)
David Niven (1958)
Charlton Heston (1959)
Burt Lancaster (1960)
Maximilian Schell (1961)
Gregory Peck (1962)
Sidney Poitier (1963)
Rex Harrison (1964)
Lee Marvin (1965)
Paul Scofield (1966)
Rod Steiger (1967)
Cliff Robertson (1968)
John Wayne (1969)
George C. Scott1 (1970)
Gene Hackman (1971)
Marlon Brando1 (1972)
Jack Lemmon (1973)
Art Carney (1974)
Jack Nicholson (1975)





1976–2000



Peter Finch (1976)
Richard Dreyfuss (1977)
Jon Voight (1978)
Dustin Hoffman (1979)
Robert De Niro (1980)
Henry Fonda (1981)
Ben Kingsley (1982)
Robert Duvall (1983)
F. Murray Abraham (1984)
William Hurt (1985)
Paul Newman (1986)
Michael Douglas (1987)
Dustin Hoffman (1988)
Daniel Day-Lewis (1989)
Jeremy Irons (1990)
Anthony Hopkins (1991)
Al Pacino (1992)
Tom Hanks (1993)
Tom Hanks (1994)
Nicolas Cage (1995)
Geoffrey Rush (1996)
Jack Nicholson (1997)
Roberto Benigni (1998)
Kevin Spacey (1999)
Russell Crowe (2000)





2001–present



Denzel Washington (2001)
Adrien Brody (2002)
Sean Penn (2003)
Jamie Foxx (2004)
Philip Seymour Hoffman (2005)
Forest Whitaker (2006)
Daniel Day-Lewis (2007)
Sean Penn (2008)
Jeff Bridges (2009)
Colin Firth (2010)
Jean Dujardin (2011)
Daniel Day-Lewis (2012)
Matthew McConaughey (2013)
Eddie Redmayne (2014)
Leonardo DiCaprio (2015)
Casey Affleck (2016)






1 refused award that year










v
t
e


Academy Honorary Award



1928–1950



Warner Bros. / Charlie Chaplin (1928)
Walt Disney (1932)
Shirley Temple (1934)
D. W. Griffith (1935)
The March of Time / W. Howard Greene and Harold Rosson (1936)
Edgar Bergen / W. Howard Greene / Museum of Modern Art Film Library / Mack Sennett (1937)
J. Arthur Ball / Walt Disney / Deanna Durbin and Mickey Rooney / Gordon Jennings, Jan Domela, Devereaux Jennings, Irmin Roberts, Art Smith, Farciot Edouart, Loyal Griggs, Loren L. Ryder, Harry D. Mills, Louis Mesenkop, Walter Oberst / Oliver T. Marsh and Allen Davey / Harry Warner (1938)
Douglas Fairbanks / Judy Garland / William Cameron Menzies / Motion Picture Relief Fund (Jean Hersholt, Ralph Morgan, Ralph Block, Conrad Nagel)/ Technicolor Company (1939)
Bob Hope / Nathan Levinson (1940)
Walt Disney, William Garity, John N. A. Hawkins, and the RCA Manufacturing Company / Leopold Stokowski and his associates / Rey Scott / British Ministry of Information (1941)
Charles Boyer / Noël Coward / Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer (1942)
George Pal (1943)
Bob Hope / Margaret O'Brien (1944)
Republic Studio, Daniel J. Bloomberg, and the Republic Studio Sound Department / Walter Wanger / The House I Live In / Peggy Ann Garner (1945)
Harold Russell / Laurence Olivier / Ernst Lubitsch / Claude Jarman Jr. (1946)
James Baskett / Thomas Armat, William Nicholas Selig, Albert E. Smith, and George Kirke Spoor / Bill and Coo / Shoeshine (1947)
Walter Wanger / Monsieur Vincent / Sid Grauman / Adolph Zukor (1948)
Jean Hersholt / Fred Astaire / Cecil B. DeMille / The Bicycle Thief (1949)
Louis B. Mayer / George Murphy / The Walls of Malapaga (1950)





1951–1975



Gene Kelly / Rashomon (1951)
Merian C. Cooper / Bob Hope / Harold Lloyd / George Mitchell / Joseph M. Schenck / Forbidden Games (1952)
20th Century-Fox Film Corporation / Bell & Howell Company / Joseph Breen / Pete Smith (1953)
Bausch & Lomb Optical Company / Danny Kaye / Kemp Niver / Greta Garbo / Jon Whiteley / Vincent Winter / Gate of Hell (1954)
Samurai I: Musashi Miyamoto (1955)
Eddie Cantor (1956)
Society of Motion Picture and Television Engineers / Gilbert M. "Broncho Billy" Anderson / Charles Brackett / B. B. Kahane (1957)
Maurice Chevalier (1958)
Buster Keaton / Lee de Forest (1959)
Gary Cooper / Stan Laurel / Hayley Mills (1960)
William L. Hendricks / Fred L. Metzler / Jerome Robbins (1961)
William J. Tuttle (1964)
Bob Hope (1965)
Yakima Canutt / Y. Frank Freeman (1966)
Arthur Freed (1967)
John Chambers / Onna White (1968)
Cary Grant (1969)
Lillian Gish / Orson Welles (1970)
Charlie Chaplin (1971)
Charles S. Boren / Edward G. Robinson (1972)
Henri Langlois / Groucho Marx (1973)
Howard Hawks / Jean Renoir (1974)
Mary Pickford (1975)





1976–2000



Margaret Booth (1977)
Walter Lantz / Laurence Olivier / King Vidor / Museum of Modern Art Department of Film (1978)
Hal Elias / Alec Guinness (1979)
Henry Fonda (1980)
Barbara Stanwyck (1981)
Mickey Rooney (1982)
Hal Roach (1983)
James Stewart / National Endowment for the Arts (1984)
Paul Newman / Alex North (1985)
Ralph Bellamy (1986)
Eastman Kodak Company / National Film Board of Canada (1988)
Akira Kurosawa (1989)
Sophia Loren / Myrna Loy (1990)
Satyajit Ray (1991)
Federico Fellini (1992)
Deborah Kerr (1993)
Michelangelo Antonioni (1994)
Kirk Douglas / Chuck Jones (1995)
Michael Kidd (1996)
Stanley Donen (1997)
Elia Kazan (1998)
Andrzej Wajda (1999)
Jack Cardiff / Ernest Lehman (2000)





2001–present



Sidney Poitier / Robert Redford (2001)
Peter O'Toole (2002)
Blake Edwards (2003)
Sidney Lumet (2004)
Robert Altman (2005)
Ennio Morricone (2006)
Robert F. Boyle (2007)
Lauren Bacall / Roger Corman / Gordon Willis (2009)
Kevin Brownlow / Jean-Luc Godard / Eli Wallach (2010)
James Earl Jones / Dick Smith (2011)
D. A. Pennebaker / Hal Needham / George Stevens Jr. (2012)
Angela Lansbury / Steve Martin / Piero Tosi (2013)
Jean-Claude Carrière / Hayao Miyazaki / Maureen O'Hara (2014)
Spike Lee / Gena Rowlands (2015)
Jackie Chan / Lynn Stalmaster / Anne V. Coates / Frederick Wiseman (2016)












v
t
e


AFI Life Achievement Award






John Ford (1973)
James Cagney (1974)
Orson Welles (1975)
William Wyler (1976)
Bette Davis (1977)
Henry Fonda (1978)
Alfred Hitchcock (1979)
James Stewart (1980)
Fred Astaire (1981)
Frank Capra (1982)
John Huston (1983)
Lillian Gish (1984)
Gene Kelly (1985)
Billy Wilder (1986)
Barbara Stanwyck (1987)
Jack Lemmon (1988)
Gregory Peck (1989)
David Lean (1990)
Kirk Douglas (1991)
Sidney Poitier (1992)
Elizabeth Taylor (1993)
Jack Nicholson (1994)
Steven Spielberg (1995)
Clint Eastwood (1996)
Martin Scorsese (1997)
Robert Wise (1998)
Dustin Hoffman (1999)
Harrison Ford (2000)
Barbra Streisand (2001)
Tom Hanks (2002)
Robert De Niro (2003)
Meryl Streep (2004)
George Lucas (2005)
Sean Connery (2006)
Al Pacino (2007)
Warren Beatty (2008)
Michael Douglas (2009)
Mike Nichols (2010)
Morgan Freeman (2011)
Shirley MacLaine (2012)
Mel Brooks (2013)
Jane Fonda (2014)
Steve Martin (2015)
John Williams (2016)
Diane Keaton (2017)












v
t
e


Silver Bear for Best Actor






Burt Lancaster (1956)
Pedro Infante (1957)
Sidney Poitier (1958)
Jean Gabin (1959)
Fredric March (1960)
Peter Finch (1961)
James Stewart (1962)
Sidney Poitier (1963)
Rod Steiger (1964)
Lee Marvin (1965)
Jean-Pierre Léaud (1966)
Michel Simon (1967)
Jean-Louis Trintignant (1968)
Jean Gabin (1971)
Alberto Sordi (1972)
Vlastimil Brodský (1975)
Gerhard Olschewski (1976)
Fernando Fernán Gómez (1977)
Craig Russell (1978)
Michele Placido (1979)
Andrzej Seweryn (1980)
Anatoly Solonitsyn / Jack Lemmon (1981)
Stellan Skarsgård / Michel Piccoli (1982)
Bruce Dern (1983)
Albert Finney (1984)
Fernando Fernán Gómez (1985)
Tuncel Kurtiz (1986)
Gian Maria Volontè (1987)
Jörg Pose / Manfred Möck (1988)
Gene Hackman (1989)
Iain Glen (1990)
Maynard Eziashi (1991)
Armin Mueller-Stahl (1992)
Denzel Washington (1993)
Tom Hanks (1994)
Paul Newman (1995)
Sean Penn (1996)
Leonardo DiCaprio (1997)
Samuel L. Jackson (1998)
Michael Gwisdek (1999)
Denzel Washington (2000)
Benicio del Toro (2001)
Jacques Gamblin (2002)
Sam Rockwell (2003)
Daniel Hendler (2004)
Lou Taylor Pucci (2005)
Moritz Bleibtreu (2006)
Julio Chávez (2007)
Reza Naji (2008)
Sotigui Kouyaté (2009)
Grigoriy Dobrygin / Sergei Puskepalis (2010)
Peyman Moaadi / Shahab Hosseini / Ali-Asghar Shahbazi / Babak Karimi (2011)
Mikkel Følsgaard (2012)
Nazif Mujić (2013)
Liao Fan (2014)
Tom Courtenay (2015)
Majd Mastoura (2016)
Georg Friedrich (2017)












v
t
e


Cecil B. DeMille Award






Cecil B. DeMille (1952)
Walt Disney (1953)
Darryl F. Zanuck (1954)
Jean Hersholt (1955)
Jack L. Warner (1956)
Mervyn LeRoy (1957)
Buddy Adler (1958)
Maurice Chevalier (1959)
Bing Crosby (1960)
Fred Astaire (1961)
Judy Garland (1962)
Bob Hope (1963)
Joseph E. Levine (1964)
James Stewart (1965)
John Wayne (1966)
Charlton Heston (1967)
Kirk Douglas (1968)
Gregory Peck (1969)
Joan Crawford (1970)
Frank Sinatra (1971)
Alfred Hitchcock (1972)
Samuel Goldwyn (1973)
Bette Davis (1974)
Hal B. Wallis (1975)
Walter Mirisch (1977)
Red Skelton (1978)
Lucille Ball (1979)
Henry Fonda (1980)
Gene Kelly (1981)
Sidney Poitier (1982)
Laurence Olivier (1983)
Paul Newman (1984)
Elizabeth Taylor (1985)
Barbara Stanwyck (1986)
Anthony Quinn (1987)
Clint Eastwood (1988)
Doris Day (1989)
Audrey Hepburn (1990)
Jack Lemmon (1991)
Robert Mitchum (1992)
Lauren Bacall (1993)
Robert Redford (1994)
Sophia Loren (1995)
Sean Connery (1996)
Dustin Hoffman (1997)
Shirley MacLaine (1998)
Jack Nicholson (1999)
Barbra Streisand (2000)
Al Pacino (2001)
Harrison Ford (2002)
Gene Hackman (2003)
Michael Douglas (2004)
Robin Williams (2005)
Anthony Hopkins (2006)
Warren Beatty (2007)
Steven Spielberg (2009)
Martin Scorsese (2010)
Robert De Niro (2011)
Morgan Freeman (2012)
Jodie Foster (2013)
Woody Allen (2014)
George Clooney (2015)
Denzel Washington (2016)
Meryl Streep (2017)












v
t
e


Drama League's Distinguished Performance Award






Katharine Cornell (1935)
Helen Hayes (1936)
Maurice Evans (1937)
Cedric Hardwicke (1938)
Raymond Massey (1939)
Paul Muni (1940)
Paul Lukas (1941)
Judith Evelyn (1942)
Alfred Lunt (1943)
Lynn Fontanne (1944)
Mady Christians (1945)
Louis Calhern (1946)
Ingrid Bergman (1947)
Judith Anderson (1948)
Robert Morley (1949)
Grace George (1950)
Claude Rains (1951)
Julie Harris (1952)
Shirley Booth (1953)
Josephine Hull (1954)
Viveca Lindfors (1955)
David Wayne (1956)
Eli Wallach (1957)
Ralph Bellamy (1958)
Cyril Ritchard (1959)
Jessica Tandy (1960)
Hume Cronyn (1961)
Paul Scofield (1962)
Charles Boyer (1963)
Alec Guinness (1964)
John Gielgud (1965)
Richard Kiley (1966)
Rosemary Harris (1967)
Zoe Caldwell (1968)
Alec McCowen (1969)
James Stewart (1970)
Anthony Quayle (1971)
Eileen Atkins / Claire Bloom (1972)
Alan Bates (1973)
Christopher Plummer (1974)
John Wood (1975)
Eva Le Gallienne (1976)
Tom Courtenay (1977)
Frank Langella (1978)
Frances Sternhagen (1979)
Roy Scheider (1980)
Ian McKellen (1981)
Milo O'Shea (1982)
Edward Herrmann / Kate Nelligan (1983)
Jeremy Irons (1984)
Derek Jacobi (1985)
Bernadette Peters (1986)
James Earl Jones (1987)
John Lithgow (1988)
Pauline Collins (1989)
Robert Morse (1990)
Stockard Channing (1991)
Glenn Close (1992)
Stephen Rea (1993)
Sam Waterston (1994)
Cherry Jones (1995)
Uta Hagen (1996)
Charles Durning / Bebe Neuwirth (1997)
Brian Stokes Mitchell (1998)
Kathleen Chalfant (1999)
Eileen Heckart (2000)
Mary-Louise Parker / Gary Sinise (2001)
Liam Neeson (2002)
Harvey Fierstein (2003)
Hugh Jackman (2004)
Norbert Leo Butz (2005)
Christine Ebersole (2006)
Liev Schreiber (2007)
Patti LuPone (2008)
Geoffrey Rush (2009)
Alfred Molina (2010)
Mark Rylance (2011)
Audra McDonald (2012)
Nathan Lane (2013)
Neil Patrick Harris (2014)
Chita Rivera (2015)
Lin-Manuel Miranda (2016)
Ben Platt (2017)












v
t
e


Film Society of Lincoln Center Gala Tribute Honorees






Charlie Chaplin (1972)
Fred Astaire (1973)
Alfred Hitchcock (1974)
Joanne Woodward and Paul Newman (1975)
George Cukor (1978)
Bob Hope (1979)
John Huston (1980)
Barbara Stanwyck (1981)
Billy Wilder (1982)
Laurence Olivier (1983)
Claudette Colbert (1984)
Federico Fellini (1985)
Elizabeth Taylor (1986)
Alec Guinness (1987)
Yves Montand (1988)
Bette Davis (1989)
James Stewart (1990)
Audrey Hepburn (1991)
Gregory Peck (1992)
Jack Lemmon (1993)
Robert Altman (1994)
Shirley MacLaine (1995)
Clint Eastwood (1996)
Sean Connery (1997)
Martin Scorsese (1998)
Mike Nichols (1999)
Al Pacino (2000)
Jane Fonda (2001)
Francis Ford Coppola (2002)
Susan Sarandon (2003)
Michael Caine (2004)
Dustin Hoffman (2005)
Jessica Lange (2006)
Diane Keaton (2007)
Meryl Streep (2008)
Tom Hanks (2009)
Michael Douglas (2010)
Sidney Poitier (2011)
Catherine Deneuve (2012)
Barbra Streisand (2013)
Rob Reiner (2014)
Robert Redford (2015)
Morgan Freeman (2016)
Robert De Niro (2017)












v
t
e


Golden Globe Award for Best Actor – Television Series Drama






Mike Connors (1969)
Peter Graves (1970)
Robert Young (1971)
Peter Falk (1972)
James Stewart (1973)
Telly Savalas (1974)
Robert Blake/Telly Savalas (1975)
Richard Jordan (1976)
Edward Asner (1977)
Michael Moriarty (1978)
Edward Asner (1979)
Richard Chamberlain (1980)
Daniel J. Travanti (1981)
John Forsythe (1982)
John Forsythe (1983)
Tom Selleck (1984)
Don Johnson (1985)
Edward Woodward (1986)
Richard Kiley (1987)
Ron Perlman (1988)
Ken Wahl (1989)
Kyle MacLachlan (1990)
Scott Bakula (1991)
Sam Waterston (1992)
David Caruso (1993)
Dennis Franz (1994)
Jimmy Smits (1995)
David Duchovny (1996)
Anthony Edwards (1997)
Dylan McDermott (1998)
James Gandolfini (1999)
Martin Sheen (2000)
Kiefer Sutherland (2001)
Michael Chiklis (2002)
Anthony LaPaglia (2003)
Ian McShane (2004)
Hugh Laurie (2005)
Hugh Laurie (2006)
Jon Hamm (2007)
Gabriel Byrne (2008)
Michael C. Hall (2009)
Steve Buscemi (2010)
Kelsey Grammer (2011)
Damian Lewis (2012)
Bryan Cranston (2013)
Kevin Spacey (2014)
Jon Hamm (2015)
Billy Bob Thornton (2016)












v
t
e


Hasty Pudding Men of the Year



1967–2000



Bob Hope (1967)
Paul Newman (1968)
Bill Cosby (1969)
Robert Redford (1970)
James Stewart (1971)
Dustin Hoffman (1972)
Jack Lemmon (1973)
Peter Falk (1974)
Warren Beatty (1975)
Robert Blake (1976)
Johnny Carson (1977)
Richard Dreyfuss (1978)
Robert De Niro (1979)
Alan Alda (1980)
John Travolta (1981)
James Cagney (1982)
Steven Spielberg (1983)
Sean Connery (1984)
Bill Murray (1985)
Sylvester Stallone (1986)
Mikhail Baryshnikov (1987)
Steve Martin (1988)
Robin Williams (1989)
Kevin Costner (1990)
Clint Eastwood (1991)
Michael Douglas (1992)
Chevy Chase (1993)
Tom Cruise (1994)
Tom Hanks (1995)
Harrison Ford (1996)
Mel Gibson (1997)
Kevin Kline (1998)
Samuel L. Jackson (1999)
Billy Crystal (2000)





2001–present



Anthony Hopkins (2001)
Bruce Willis (2002)
Martin Scorsese (2003)
Robert Downey Jr. (2004)
Tim Robbins (2005)
Richard Gere (2006)
Ben Stiller (2007)
Christopher Walken (2008)
James Franco (2009)
Justin Timberlake (2010)
Jay Leno (2011)
Jason Segel (2012)
Kiefer Sutherland (2013)
Neil Patrick Harris (2014)
Chris Pratt (2015)
Joseph Gordon-Levitt (2016)
Ryan Reynolds (2017)












v
t
e


Kennedy Center Honorees (1980s)



1980



Leonard Bernstein
James Cagney
Agnes de Mille
Lynn Fontanne
Leontyne Price





1981



Count Basie
Cary Grant
Helen Hayes
Jerome Robbins
Rudolf Serkin





1982



George Abbott
Lillian Gish
Benny Goodman
Gene Kelly
Eugene Ormandy





1983



Katherine Dunham
Elia Kazan
Frank Sinatra
James Stewart
Virgil Thomson





1984



Lena Horne
Danny Kaye
Gian Carlo Menotti
Arthur Miller
Isaac Stern





1985



Merce Cunningham
Irene Dunne
Bob Hope
Alan Jay Lerner & Frederick Loewe
Beverly Sills





1986



Lucille Ball
Hume Cronyn & Jessica Tandy
Yehudi Menuhin
Antony Tudor
Ray Charles





1987



Perry Como
Bette Davis
Sammy Davis Jr.
Nathan Milstein
Alwin Nikolais





1988



Alvin Ailey
George Burns
Myrna Loy
Alexander Schneider
Roger L. Stevens





1989



Harry Belafonte
Claudette Colbert
Alexandra Danilova
Mary Martin
William Schuman








Complete list
1970s
1980s
1990s
2000s
2010s












v
t
e


National Football Foundation Distinguished American Award recipients






1966: Carpenter
1969: MacLeish
1970: Lombardi
1971: Boyden
1972: Holland
1973: No award
1974: Hope
1975: Hesburgh
1976: Van Fleet
1977: Joyce
1978: No award
1979: Galbreath
1980: Russell
1981: Werblin
1982: Silver Anniversary (all honored) – Brown, Davis, Kemp, Ron Kramer, Swink
1983: Hess & Stewart
1984: Nelson
1985: Flynn
1986: Toner
1987: Sewell
1988: Rodgers
1989: Krause
1990: Rozelle
1991: Paterno
1992: Mara
1993: Kazmaier
1994: Bolden
1995: Osborne
1996: Monan, S.J
1997: No award
1998: Roy Kramer
1999: No award
2000: Decio
2001: Frank
2002: Young
2003: Khayat
2004: Casciola
2005: Page
2006: Tillman
2007: Bleier
2008: Pickens
2009: Payne
2010: Brokaw
2011: Roberts
2012: Bodenheimer
2013: Odierno
2014: No award
2015: Byrne, Tew & White
2016: McRaven












v
t
e


Screen Actors Guild Life Achievement Award






1962: Eddie Cantor
1963: Stan Laurel
1965: Bob Hope
1966: Barbara Stanwyck
1967: William Gargan
1968: James Stewart
1969: Edward G. Robinson
1970: Gregory Peck
1971: Charlton Heston
1972: Frank Sinatra
1973: Martha Raye
1974: Walter Pidgeon
1975: Rosalind Russell
1976: Pearl Bailey
1977: James Cagney
1978: Edgar Bergen
1979: Katharine Hepburn
1980: Leon Ames
1982: Danny Kaye
1983: Ralph Bellamy
1984: Iggie Wolfington
1985: Paul Newman and Joanne Woodward
1986: Nanette Fabray
1987: Red Skelton
1988: Gene Kelly
1989: Jack Lemmon
1990: Brock Peters
1991: Burt Lancaster
1992: Audrey Hepburn
1993: Ricardo Montalbán
1994: George Burns
1995: Robert Redford
1996: Angela Lansbury
1997: Elizabeth Taylor
1998: Kirk Douglas
1999: Sidney Poitier
2000: Ossie Davis and Ruby Dee
2001: Ed Asner
2002: Clint Eastwood
2003: Karl Malden
2004: James Garner
2005: Shirley Temple
2006: Julie Andrews
2007: Charles Durning
2008: James Earl Jones
2009: Betty White
2010: Ernest Borgnine
2011: Mary Tyler Moore
2012: Dick Van Dyke
2013: Rita Moreno
2014: Debbie Reynolds
2015: Carol Burnett
2016: Lily Tomlin












v
t
e


Volpi Cup for Best Actor



1934–1968



Wallace Beery (1934)
Pierre Blanchar (1935)
Paul Muni (1936)
Emil Jannings (1937)
Leslie Howard (1938)
Ermete Zacconi (1941)
Fosco Giachetti (1942)
Pierre Fresnay (1947)
Ernst Deutsch (1948)
Joseph Cotten (1949)
Sam Jaffe (1950)
Jean Gabin (1951)
Fredric March (1952)
Henri Vilbert (1953)
Jean Gabin (1954)
Curd Jürgens/Kenneth More (1955)
Bourvil (1956)
Anthony Franciosa (1957)
Alec Guinness (1958)
James Stewart (1959)
John Mills (1960)
Toshiro Mifune (1961)
Burt Lancaster (1962)
Albert Finney (1963)
Tom Courtenay (1964)
Toshiro Mifune (1965)
Jacques Perrin (1966)
Ljubiša Samardžić (1967)
John Marley (1968)





1983–2000



Guy Boyd/George Dzundza/David Alan Grier/Mitchell Lichtenstein/Matthew Modine/Michael Wright (1983)
Naseeruddin Shah (1984)
Gérard Depardieu (1985)
Carlo Delle Piane (1986)
Hugh Grant/James Wilby (1987)
Don Ameche/Joe Mantegna (1988)
Marcello Mastroianni/Massimo Troisi (1989)
Oleg Borisov (1990)
River Phoenix (1991)
Jack Lemmon (1992)
Fabrizio Bentivoglio/Marcello Mastroianni (1993)
Xia Yu/Roberto Citran (1994)
Götz George/Ian Hart (1995)
Liam Neeson/Chris Penn (1996)
Wesley Snipes (1997)
Sean Penn (1998)
Jim Broadbent (1999)
Javier Bardem (2000)





2001–present



Luigi Lo Cascio (2001)
Stefano Accorsi (2002)
Sean Penn (2003)
Javier Bardem (2004)
David Strathairn (2005)
Ben Affleck (2006)
Brad Pitt (2007)
Silvio Orlando (2008)
Colin Firth (2009)
Vincent Gallo (2010)
Michael Fassbender (2011)
Philip Seymour Hoffman/Joaquin Phoenix (2012)
Themis Panou (2013)
Adam Driver (2014)
Fabrice Luchini (2015)
Oscar Martínez (2016)














Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 116340765
LCCN: n84018652
ISNI: 0000 0001 2103 9797
GND: 118618059
SUDOC: 030959527
BNF: cb12227146g (data)
MusicBrainz: 50337821-531b-4604-8c9e-f4da2e9ab892
BNE: XX1060008
IATH: w6vq36h5










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=James_Stewart&oldid=792183715"					
Categories: Indiana County, Pennsylvania1908 births1997 deaths20th-century American male actors20th-century American poets20th-century PresbyteriansAcademy Honorary Award recipientsAmerican male film actorsAmerican male poetsAmerican male radio actorsAmerican male stage actorsAmerican male television actorsAmerican male voice actorsAmerican male writersAmerican military personnel of the Vietnam WarAmerican military personnel of World War IIAmerican people of Scottish descentAmerican PresbyteriansBest Actor Academy Award winnersBest Drama Actor Golden Globe (television) winnersBroadway theatre peopleBurials at Forest Lawn Memorial Park (Glendale)California RepublicansCecil B. DeMille Award Golden Globe winnersDeaths from pulmonary embolismDisease-related deaths in CaliforniaKennedy Center honoreesMale actors from Beverly Hills, CaliforniaMale actors from PennsylvaniaMale Western (genre) film actorsMercersburg Academy alumniMetro-Goldwyn-Mayer contract playersPennsylvania RepublicansPeople from Indiana, PennsylvaniaPresidential Medal of Freedom recipientsPrinceton University alumniRCA Victor artistsRecipients of the Air MedalRecipients of the Croix de guerre 1939–1945 (France)Recipients of the Distinguished Flying Cross (United States)Recipients of the Distinguished Service Medal (United States)Screen Actors Guild Life Achievement AwardSilver Bear for Best Actor winnersUnited States Air Force generalsUnited States Army Air Forces officersUnited States Army Air Forces pilots of World War IIVolpi Cup winnersCommercial aviatorsHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksArticles with hCardsAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from February 2012Wikipedia external links cleanup from May 2012Wikipedia spam cleanup from May 2012Articles with IBDb linksWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiersWikipedia articles with MusicBrainz identifiersWikipedia articles with SNAC-ID identifiersArticles containing video clips 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquote 



Languages


العربيةAragonésAsturianuAzərbaycancaБашҡортсаBislamaБългарскиBosanskiCatalàČeštinaCorsuCymraegDanskDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoEuskaraفارسیFrançaisFryskGaeilgeGàidhligGalego한국어ՀայերենHrvatskiIdoIlokanoBahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתქართულიLatinaLatviešuLëtzebuergeschLietuviųMagyarМакедонскиMalagasyമലയാളംმარგალურიمصرىNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålOccitanPlattdüütschPolskiPortuguêsRomânăRuna SimiРусскийScotsShqipSimple EnglishSlovenčinaکوردیСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaTagalogதமிழ்ไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаTiếng ViệtWinarayYorùbá粵語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 25 July 2017, at 00:07.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 







Jet.com - Prices Drop As You ShopSkip to navigationSkip to cartSkip to footerMy FavesPromotionsEasy ReorderWhy Shop Jet?Track Your OrderFree shipping on your first order!Free Shipping Over $35 & Free Returns DetailsFree shipping on your first order!Free Shipping Over $35 & Free Returns DetailsCATEGORIESRegister | Log InEnter Zip CodeAccountMy FavesEasy ReorderEasy ReorderMy ProfileOrder HistoryShipping AddressesPayment MethodsLog OutLog InRegisterEnter your zip codeMy FavesEasy ReorderMy ProfileMy FavesEasy ReorderOrder HistoryShipping AddressesPayment MethodsLog OutCat NavNeed help? We're available 24/7.1 (855) 538-4323|help@jet.com|FAQCompanyAbout UsCareersSell on JetJet AffiliatesJetCaresTech BlogDownloadSocialfacebooktwitterlinkedininstagramTips, Tricks, and Life HacksJet BlogGet the Offersemail iconSign up for our emailsFeedbackat sign iconSend us your feedbackCopyright © 2017 Jet.com, Inc. | Version: 3:960:1501108466388:Version: 3:960:1501108466388:Privacy NoticeTerms of Use 

































Stewart James Manufacturers | Suppliers of Stewart James (Product And Company,US Import Trade Data) — Panjiva


 





 



 
















Panjiva

MENU 





Panjiva


Solutions

Buyers
Suppliers
Logistics
Governments
Analysts



Products

Platform
Enterprise
API



Our Data

United States Trade Data
Mexico Trade Data
Brazil Trade Data
Central & South America Data
China Trade Data
Trendspotting
Panjiva Research


Pricing
Search

English


Español 

中文 








Demo Request a Demo 

+1-646-205-0594


Sign in 













   
 





  
                    Suppliers                    
                        45                    

 



  
                    Buyers                    
 

 



  
                    Products                    
 

 


 Shipments
 












 
Loading search filters...
 

Manufacturers of stewart james and Suppliers of stewart james





SetAlerts





SaveSearch




ExportResults 




45 results matching stewart james




 



Sort by
relevance
number of matching shipments
recency weighted matching shipments
specialization (% matching)
expertise (length of time shipped)
total matching shipment volume (kg)
supplier name (A-Z)
supplier name (Z-A)
number of total shipments (high-low)
number of total shipments (low-high) 







Pasha International 


  
              Costa Rica          



        Has verified third-party data      



8 shipments          match
            stewart james



8,565 shipments                              total        




    ...REQUIRED PER FTR 30.40 (B) DOD-SPONS.-HOUSEHOLDGOODS AALF WKAS0086319 JAMES STEWART 1/1 BOXES 655 LBS/G 80 CFT CONSIGNEE JPPSO-SAN ANTONIO...  

 






The Movers Trading Club 


  
              United Kingdom          


          Trading Company/Logistics        


        Has verified third-party data      



8 shipments          match
            stewart james



15,433 shipments                              total        




    ...EFFECTS HOUSEHOLD GOODS MS HAYDEN STEWART KENNY HOUSEHOLD EFFECTS HOUSEHOLD GOODS...BIKE HARLEY DAVISON MR CHAD JAMES WILLARD HOUSEHOLD EFFECTS HOUSEHOLD GOODS...  

 






James Graham Stewart 


  
              United Kingdom          



        Has verified third-party data      



8 shipments          match
            stewart james



9 shipments                              total        




James Graham Stewart 

 






Power Printing Products Limited 


  
              Hong Kong          



        Has verified third-party data      

        Has a significant amount of contact information      



2 shipments          match
            stewart james



1,178 shipments                              total        




    TITLE:ASPCA COMPLETE GUIDE TO CATS AUTHOR:JAMES R.RICHARDS PUBLISHER:ANDREW STEWART PUBLISHING,INC. PRINTED IN CHINA ISBN-13 978-0-8118-1929-9...  

 






Kitz (Thailand) Ltd. 


  
              Thailand          


          Manufacturer        


        Has verified third-party data      

        Has a significant amount of contact information      



2 shipments          match
            stewart james



697 shipments                              total        




    53 PALLETS) PIPE AND VALVES CONNECTING ONTO MV JAMES RIVER BRIDGE V.028E AT TOKYO DESCRIPTION COMPLETE DESCRIPTION COMPLETE DESCRIPTION COMPLETE (53 PALLETS) PIPE AND...…M.A.STEWART SONS LTD 1000015.B 1000015.C 1 000413.C 1000413.D 1000771.C 1000711.D SURRE Y CANADA P NO.1-46...  

 




      See all 45 results with a Panjiva subscription
    
Sign Up 




Hayman Ltd. 


  
              Witham, United Kingdom          


          Manufacturer        


        Has verified third-party data      



2 shipments          match
            stewart james



279 shipments                              total        




    SCOTCH WHISKY 480 6X1.75L JAMES BROOKES SCOTCH WHISKY 40% 260 CASES 12X0.75L JAMIE STEWART BLENDED SCOTCH WHISKY 40% 216 CASES 6X1.75L JAMIE...  

 






Nguyen Hoang Sang 


  
              Vietnam          



        Has verified third-party data      



2 shipments          match
            stewart james



924 shipments                              total        




    SHIPPING MARK: STEWART JAMES ELLIS 680 BAYW AY BLVD, CLEARWATER BEACH , FLORIDA 33767 , USA  

 






Air Force, Kaiserslautern 


  
              Kaiserslautern, Germany          



        Has verified third-party data      



2 shipments          match
            stewart james



16 shipments                              total        




    ...STEWART, ALEXANDER B.-NO. S787 RANK E4 TCN F6053643241288HXX PCS. LBS CUBE 1/1 979 205 HHG, GOVERNMENT CONTAINER METHOD OWNER NAME PARKINSON, JAMES B...  

 






Holmes Stewart James 


  
              Vietnam          



        Has verified third-party data      



2 shipments          match
            stewart james



2 shipments                              total        




    Holmes Stewart James 

 






Shenzhen Donnelley Printing Co., Ltd. 


  
              China          


          Manufacturer        


        Has verified third-party data      

        Has a significant amount of contact information      



1 shipment          matches
            stewart james



16,897 shipments          and          $          in Chinese exports in          total        




    TITLE CALCULUS CONCEPTS AND CONTEXTS,4E AUTHO R STEWART,JAMES PUBLISHER CENGAGE LEARNING ON SALE DATE 8 19 13 PRINTED IN CHINA PPON 1511 7221...  

 




Results per page: 
10
20
50
100  



1


2


3


4


5











Loading... 

Loading... 



   


 The companies listed above have not approved or sponsored Panjiva's provision of any of the information in these search results. These results are derived from various public and private data sources. These results have not been confirmed by Panjiva and are provided on an "AS IS" basis, as further described in Panjiva's Terms and Conditions of Use and Panjiva's Transparency Policy. Your use of the information provided in these results is subject in all respects to those Terms and Conditions of Use. 









Solutions
Buyers
Suppliers
Logistics
Governments
Analysts




Products
Platform
Enterprise
API




Data
United States
Mexico
Brazil
Central & South America
China
Panjiva Research
Partners




Company
Leadership Team
Board of Directors
Blog
Press
Contact
Jobs



                20 West 22nd Street, Suite 706New York, NY, 10010 / USA                ‌
+1-888-902-3511
Request a demo











English


Español 

中文 






Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Sitemap





© 2017 Panjiva, Inc.







Cart (0) 
Continue Browsing
 








 





Stewart James | Product tags | Martin's Magic Collection                        NavigationMartin's Magic CollectionThe Largest Online Magic Collection of Rare Magic, Vintage Magic and New Magic!       Martin's Magic Collection   Stewart James Stewart James  Showing all 7 results Sort A to ZSort by popularitySort by average ratingSort by newnessSort by price: low to highSort by price: high to low   Abbott’s Encyclopedia of Rope Tricks Vol. 1 by Stewart JamesBooksMore  Abbott’s Encyclopedia of Rope Tricks Vol. 2 by Stewart JamesBooksMore  Abbott’s Encyclopedia of Rope Tricks Vol. 3 by Stewart JamesBooksMore  James File, The (Collector’s Edition) by Allan SlaightBooksMore  James File, The by Allan SlaightBooksMore  New Encyclopedia of Rope Tricks by Stewart JamesBooksMore  Stewart James In Print – First Edition by Stewart JamesBooksMore Search for Magic Search for:   Filter by price   Filter Price:  — Magic CategoriesSelect a categoryBooks (728)Cards (784)Childrens (118)Close-up (1498)Comedy (168)Fire (19)Mentalism (801)Money (265)Production (63)Rope (27)Silks (38)Stage (535)Table (42)Utility (354)Video (74)Wallet (98) Shop at AmazonLinksSign our Guestbook!>Buy Quality Magic Here!Other Magic SitesSubscribe    Search ReviewsSearch for:    What People Are SayingStan ReynoldsWhere have you been for the last twelve months??? You are obviously deep into the magic […]Ken RobinsonI had a great time on the cruise and was so pleased to receive your magic […]Mariam StoneAndy, I am the granddaughter of Ben Stone (DelBen Magic). I came across your website while […]Charlie Van HornAndy, As a Hobbyist/Collector (as I call myself) I cannot tell you how many times I […]MichaelHi Andy. Just have to say this site is FANTASTIC!! Thank you for the time you […] Click to sign our Guestbook.Shop at AmazonPopular Magic Right Now        Popular Tags Cards June 2000 Comedy Owned Viking Mfg. Mikame Craft Scarce Trickery June 2003 Joe Long Collectors' Workshop Stage Affiliate - warner.qualitymagic.com Demo Magic Wagon Stevens Magic Mentalism Ebay Childrens Utility Featured qm-201607 Affiliate - magic-wagon.com Alan Warner Affiliate - stevensmagic.com November 2013 qm-201601 HP Wallet Close-up What's New Ron Allesi Elmwood Magic November 2000 Magic Wagon Collector Line noqm Sold Money Books GG Standard  Martin's Magic Collection   Stewart James  Martin’s Magic CollectionThe Largest Online Magic Collection of Rare Magic, Vintage Magic and New Magic!MartinsMagic.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com.    What People Are SayingPhil SchwartzAndy, Congratulations on a dazzling site! Quality magic apparatus collectors everywhere will surely embrace it, learn […]Larry WilfongHello, Andy! Good friends are few and far between, but this new-fangled computer technology has made […]Helpful LinksContact UsSign our Guestbook!What's NewMagic ReviewsMost Viewed MagicOur Other SitesSubscribeAbout UsOther SitesQuality Magic SitesAlan Warner MagicThe Magic of Thomas PohleGlobal Magic Search EngineMartin's Magic CollectionMy Treasure HunterQuality Magic BooksQuality Magic SalesThe Best MagicWarner MagicQuality MagicFeatured Magic   Perfect Laser Pendulum x 2 by Christopher Taylor    The Sphinx Mystery by Magic Wagon    Jewel Cupboard by Thomas Pohle    Lian Chu Goes to the Market by Francois Danis    Mysterious Ring Cabinet by Magic Wagon RSS Feed  Shop at Amazon                                    


	The Essential Stewart James ($35.00) - Allan Slaight - Vanishing Inc. Magic shop




























Magic Downloads
	    		Learn magic from the very best ... right now! Download your magic to any device, including our free iPad app.
	    	

Free magic downloads
Card magic downloads
Coin magic downloads


Close-up magic downloads
Mentalism downloads
L&L Magic downloads


Ebooks
iPad / iPhone books
Live lectures
Masters of Magic Academy







Browse Magic
	    		We are not like other magic shops: we curate and only stock the very best magic tricks, DVDs & books.
	    	

Browse by performance style
Card magic
Close-up magic
Mentalism
Parlor magic
Money magic
Essential magic theory


Props & accessories
Playing cards
Phoenix decks
Coin gimmicks
Prop store
Custom close-up pads
Refills


Browse by product type
All magic books
All magic DVDs
Magic magazines
Perfect for beginners
Important magic history
World's Greatest Magic
All magic products (A-Z list)


























The Essential Stewart James
Book by Allan Slaight

$35.00
 In stock. 


 Add to cart

Ask Question  |  Add to wishlist
 

















 Magic downloads
Free magic downloads
Card magic downloads
Magic ebooks
Live lectures


 Magic shop
Instant product search
Brand new magic — just released
Discounted magic
Card magic
Close-up magic
Mentalism
Magic prop store
Playing cards
Phoenix decks
All magic books
All magic DVDs



 Magic StarsLuke JermayAndi GladwinJoshua JayYigal MesikaChris WestfallDavid WilliamsonChristopher RawlinsRoberto GiobbiJohn ArcherChris MayhewDarwin OrtizRune KlanTom BurgoonJohn Guastaferro













The Essential Stewart James

35.00
usd

Book by Allan Slaight ($35.00)
 In stock. 



				Along with Ed Marlo, Dai Vernon and Karl Fulves, Canadian Stewart
James was one of the most prolific magic inventors of magic in the
twentieth century. He created over one thousand tricks, which saw print
in two mammoth publications spanning over 2,700 pages.

We're here to tell you that unless you're a complete magic nut, don't buy those publications. I am an incredibly
passionate magic reader and still haven't managed to even get half way
through these weighty tomes. So, instead of dropping a few hundred
dollars to buy books that you'll never swallow, we suggest that you
pick up this book; The Essential Stewart James, which covers 50 of
James' best tricks. Allan Slaight, co-editor of Stewart James In
Print and author of "The James File" worked with a panel of James fans
(including Max Maven, Michael Weber, Roy Walton, Peter Duffie and more)
to choose their fifty favorite Stewart James tricks. Those who know
Stewart James' work agree that they picked out the real treasures.

The Essential Stewart James serves as a primer to
the brilliance of the man, his methods and his magic and all in a form
that you'll be able to easily swallow.
Pages 199 - Hardbound


 Add to cart
 Add to wishlist
Ask question


 



 Write a review
Customer reviews for The Essential Stewart James




                    None of our customers have reviewed The Essential Stewart James yet. You can be the first!
                

 




×
Free shipping to United States of America



                Shipping internationally can be expensive. Therefore, for selected products (including this one), we are offering a free flatpack shipping alternative.
            
How our free economy shipping works

                We re-package the product to make it as thin and inexpensive to ship as possible (for example DVDs will be repackaged into our Vanishing Inc. branded sleeves). Where possible we will include the original packaging, but will not include boxes. When the order arrives, you can use your own DVD box or just use our DVD sleeve. 
            

                If all products in your cart are eligible for flatpack shipping, we will ship your order for free. An order cannot be mixed; if you add a non-eligible product to your order, you'll need to select a paid-for shipping option for the entire order.
            
When your order will arrive

                Eligible orders are sent untracked and uninsured using a standard letter service. This means that the order could take anywhere between two and six weeks to arrive. Regretably, using this service we cannot gurantee delivery times, tracking updates or replace lost packages like we can with our paid-for shipping options.
            


Close








×
How our UK shipping works



We ship to you directly from within the UK. While most other UK magic shops hide what happens behind the scenes, we want you to know exactly how things work. Here's the timeline:
            





Sending to our UK warehouse
 Typically takes 2 - 3 days


We send UK orders in batch to the UK from our USA warehouse every day. This way you avoid expensive international shipping fees and taxes.
We keep our most popular products in stock in the UK so often this step is skipped.







Repacking and sending to you


We send packages out via MyHermes the same day that we receive them. This is a popular, secure, trackable courier service.







We send you tracking info
 Typically takes 2 days


As soon as the package is dispatched you'll receive a link to track it on this page. While they don't offer any guarantees, MyHermes tend to deliver your order within two days.






Close
















What is Vanishing Inc. Magic shop?
At Vanishing Inc. Magic shop we're proud to produce great magic books, tricks, downloads and DVDs.
Every item is carefully selected under the watchful eye of cofounders, and professional magicians Joshua Jay and Andi Gladwin. We don't stock every magic trick released, but instead hand pick the best!

			            	We accept:     




Additional links

Vanishing Inc. magic events
View our entire magic range
Free shipping | 100% satisfaction guarantee
About Vanishing Inc. magic shop
Our charity / youth fund













	            © Copyright Vanishing Inc. Magic. shop 2017
	        



























Stewart James C in Gastonia, North Carolina with Reviews - YP.comStart your search by typing in the business name below.
What do you want to find?

Where?My current locationSearchHomeGastonia, NCStewart James CGastonia, NC Stewart James CAbout Search ResultsAbout Search ResultsYP - The Real Yellow PagesSM - helps you find the right local businesses to meet your specific needs. Search results are sorted by a combination of factors to give you a set of choices in response to your search criteria. These factors are similar to those you might use to determine which business to select from a local Yellow Pages directory, including proximity to where you are searching, expertise in the specific services or products you need, and comprehensive business information to help evaluate a business's suitability for you. “Preferred” listings, or those with featured website buttons, indicate YP advertisers who directly provide information about their businesses to help consumers make more informed buying decisions. YP advertisers receive higher placement in the default ordering of search results and may appear in sponsored listings on the top, side, or bottom of the search results page.Sort:DefaultDefaultDistanceRatingName (A - Z)Sponsored LinksAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection1. James C Windham Jr Attorney401 E Franklin BlvdGastonia, NC 28054(704) 864-3425AttorneysGeneral Practice AttorneysWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection2. James C Gray Attorney At Law - CLOSED(1)233 W Main AveGastonia, NC 28052(704) 867-3601AttorneysCriminal Law AttorneysOnly person I would trust with my LOVED ONES....Thank you so much Mr Gray for delivering your promise to me..You told me he wouldnt seat in jail and…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection3. C James Reid Attorney At Law - CLOSED125 E Main AveGastonia, NC 28052(704) 854-9100AttorneysGeneral Practice AttorneysAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection4. Hardin III James C6135 Park South DrCharlotte, NC 28210(704) 944-4286AttorneysWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection5. Davis, James C401 S Tryon StCharlotte, NC 28202(704) 335-9873AttorneysCriminal Law AttorneysWebsiteServicesAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection6. Hardin James C III PLLC6201 Fairview RdCharlotte, NC 28210(704) 944-4286Tax AttorneysAttorneysWebsiteServicesAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection7. Smith, James C227 W Trade St Ste 1100Charlotte, NC 28202(704) 339-0304AttorneysGeneral Practice AttorneysWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection8. Smith James C Atty100 N Tryon StCharlotte, NC 28202(704) 338-6000AttorneysGeneral Practice AttorneysAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection9. James C Hord Attorney at Law(1)4801 E Independence Blvd Suite 1000Charlotte, NC 28212(704) 563-1362AttorneysBankruptcy Law AttorneysWebsiteDirectionsMore InfoMr. Hord is very helpful and makes you feel really comfortable. He helped my family and getting our finance problems taken care of. We are in the ri…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection10. Hardin James C III PLLC Attorneys113 E Main St Ste 330Rock Hill, SC 29730(803) 329-8200Business Law AttorneysAttorneysWebsiteServicesBusinesses in related categories to AttorneysAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collectionPREFERRED11. Ragan & Ragan(2)260 W Main AveGastonia, NC 28052(704) 864-3409AttorneysWebsiteSee Our ServicesDirectionsMore InfoVisit our websiteragan-ragan.comVery professional and helpful!  I would definitely recommend!Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collectionPREFERRED12. Ferguson Law Firm211 W 3rd AveGastonia, NC 28052(704) 271-9329AttorneysWebsiteContact UsDirectionsServicesMore InfoFrom Business: INJURED? NEED HELP WITH A FAMILY LAW MATTER? Robert Ferguson has been protecting the rights of Gaston County citizens since 1983. Ferguson Law Firm has a dependab…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collectionPREFERRED13. Bernhardt and Strawser PABBB Rating: A+5821 Fairview RdCharlotte, NC 28209(704) 749-8327Collection Law AttorneysAttorneysWebsiteDirectionsServicesMore InfoFrom Business: Bernhardt and Strawser maintains a professional staff of counselors and advocates and serves individuals and businesses. The firm s attorneys are the members of t…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection14. Cobourn & Kyriakakis, L.L.C.543 Cox RdGastonia, NC 28054(877) 655-0472AttorneysWebsiteDirectionsMore InfoFrom Business: Have you been denied social security disability? Call now for a free consultation and get the benefits you deserve.Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection15. eLocal LawyersServing the Gastonia Area.(877) 328-4617AttorneysWrongful Death AttorneysWebsiteMore InfoFrom Business: Have you or a loved one been injured in an accident? Call now for a free injury case review. There are no fees unless we win your case.Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection16. National Tax DebtServing the Gastonia Area.(866) 404-1618Taxes-Consultants & RepresentativesWebsiteMore InfoFrom Business: Helping you settle your back taxes with the IRS.Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection17. Wallace & Graham525 N Main StSalisbury, NC 28144(866) 404-1427Employee Benefits & Worker...WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoFrom Business: Have you been injured at work? Call now to speak with an experienced workers compensation attorney for a free case review.Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection18. Injury HelpLine®Serving the Gastonia Area.(888) 278-0637AttorneysWebsiteMore InfoFrom Business: Categories: Personal Injury, Auto Accident Attorney and other Vehicle Accident General Info Get connected to a local attorney for free. If you have been injured i…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection19. The Tax Resolvers©Serving the Gastonia Area.(866) 779-3904AttorneysTax AttorneysWebsiteMore InfoFrom Business: The Tax Resolvers © solves tax problems!We specialize in working directly with the IRS to resolve back taxes and the problems associated. We can negotiate tax lie…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collectionPREFERRED20. McSpadden, Malcolm283 W Main AveGastonia, NC 28052(704) 868-2292AttorneysWebsiteDirectionsServicesMore InfoAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection21. Stewart Carl J Attorney At Law283 W Main AveGastonia, NC 28052(704) 864-2715AttorneysGeneral Practice AttorneysDirectionsMore InfoAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collectionPREFERRED22. Kenny & Lowry, P.L.L.C.117 E Main AveGastonia, NC 28052(704) 861-9199AttorneysGeneral Practice AttorneysWebsiteDirectionsMore InfoFrom Business: We are a firm that offers comprehensive legal services to individuals. Our profile and depth of experience enables us to counsel clients on a wide variety of lega…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection23. Keeter, Morris W309 S South StGastonia, NC 28052(704) 864-5425AttorneysWebsiteDirectionsMore InfoAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collectionPREFERRED24. Robinson & Lauterbach Attorneys246 W Main AveGastonia, NC 28052(704) 864-5728AttorneysWebsiteYP AdDirectionsMore InfoFrom Business: Dealing with complex legal issues can be intimidating. So can choosing the right attorney. To make sure your rights are properly protected throughout the legal pr…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collectionPREFERRED25. Lloyd128 E Garrison BlvdGastonia, NC 28054(704) 271-9331Family Law AttorneysAttorneysWebsiteYP AdDirectionsServicesMore InfoAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collectionPREFERRED26. Arthurs & Foltz LLP420 E Long AveGastonia, NC 28054(704) 865-1900AttorneysGeneral Practice AttorneysWebsiteDirectionsServicesMore InfoFrom Business: The members of our firm, as well as our staff members, are committed to providing the highest quality legal services for a reasonable fee. We take pride in being …Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection27. Beam Richard Law Office Of262 W Main AveGastonia, NC 28052(704) 867-6363AttorneysCriminal Law AttorneysWebsiteDirectionsServicesMore InfoSponsored LinksRelated Articlesfor Stewart James Cmore related articles »When to Call a Lawyer vs. a Mediator »As in a court case, the process of mediation provides a method of conflict resolution. However, it is much more informal and does …What Type of Injuries Can a Personal Injury Lawyer Help with »A personal injury lawyer can help defendants in a variety of situations, from car accidents to defamation. Learn what personal inj…How to Work with Divorce Lawyers & Avoid Financial Mistakes »Divorce lawyers help couples agree to the terms of their separation, but can also be very expensive. Learn how to choose the right…Map ViewSponsoredMcSpadden, Malcolm283 W Main Ave, Gastonia, NC 28052(704) 868-2292WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoFerguson Law Firm211 W 3rd Ave, Gastonia, NC 28052(704) 271-9329Call For Immediate Help!WebsiteContact UsDirectionsMore InfoRoberts Law Firm302 S York St, Gastonia, NC 28052(704) 271-5959WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoRagan & Ragan(2)260 W Main Ave, Gastonia, NC 28052(704) 864-3409Let Our Family Help Your FamilyWebsiteSee Our ServicesDirectionsMore InfoArthurs & Foltz LLP420 E Long Ave, Gastonia, NC 28054(704) 865-1900WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoKatzenstein & Lorance(1)223 W Main Ave Gastonia, Gastonia, NC 28052(704) 271-5957WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoSigmon & Henderson PLLC518 S New Hope Rd, Gastonia, NC 28054(704) 964-6253WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoKenny & Lowry, P.L.L.C.117 E Main Ave, Gastonia, NC 28052(704) 861-9199WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoKeeter, Morris W309 S South St, Gastonia, NC 28052(704) 864-5425Contact Us For InformationWebsiteDirectionsMore InfoRobinson & Lauterbach Attorneys246 W Main Ave, Gastonia, NC 28052(704) 864-5728WebsiteYP AdDirectionsMore InfoBeam Richard Law Office Of262 W Main Ave, Gastonia, NC 28052(704) 867-6363Contact Us For InformationWebsiteDirectionsMore InfoYelton Farfour, Bridges & Beam211 S Washington St, Shelby, NC 28150(704) 482-7718WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoCampbell & Associates(5)717 East Blvd, Charlotte, NC 28203(704) 247-6145Results. Experience. Passion.WebsiteSubmit FormDirectionsMore InfoLaw Offices of William Harding(5)9115 Harris Corners Pkwy Suite 220, Charlotte, NC 28269(704) 512-0428WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoStancil, James W129 W Catawba Ave, Mount Holly, NC 28120(704) 827-3941DirectionsMore InfoTippens and Zurosky2333 Randolph Rd, Charlotte, NC 28207(704) 625-0075Virtual TourDirectionsMore InfoThe Cummings Law Firm, PA1230 W Morehead St, Charlotte, NC 28208(704) 631-9723Over 30 Years ExperienceWebsiteDirectionsMore InfoLaw Offices of Brian DeBrun, PLLC1512 E 4th St, Charlotte, NC 28204(704) 378-8309Personal Service Gets Better Results !WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoH. Stanley Harris Attorney at Law130 N Mcdowell St Ste A, Charlotte, NC 28204(704) 307-2641WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoWhitley Law Firm301 Mccullough Dr, Charlotte, NC 28262(704) 909-2816Contact Us for InformationWebsiteDirectionsMore InfoTom Bush Law Group821 East Blvd, Charlotte, NC 28203(704) 347-0110WebsiteLearn MoreDirectionsMore InfoTippens and Zurosky2333 Randolph Rd, Charlotte, NC 28207(704) 625-0075WebsiteVirtual TourDirectionsMore InfoBrennan Law Firm PLLC13801 Reese Blvd W Ste 110, Huntersville, NC 28078(704) 896-6441WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoCampbell & Associates(5)717 East Blvd, Charlotte, NC 28203(704) 247-6145Results. Experience. Passion.WebsiteSubmit FormDirectionsMore InfoGroshon J Baron PA1001 East Blvd Ste C, Charlotte, NC 28203(704) 594-2789Call us today for a free consultationWebsiteDirectionsMore InfoTVC Pro DriverServing the Gastonia area.(877) 623-3533WebsiteMore Info24/7 Legal(3)Serving the Gastonia area.(888) 659-7710Need A Lawyer?  Call 24/7 Legal.  Get Help Now.WebsiteContact UsMore InfoCommunity Legal SolutionsServing the Gastonia area.(888) 280-0993We can help! Contact us today.WebsiteContact UsMore InfoLegalFoxServing the Gastonia area.(888) 981-8587Find a Local AttorneyWebsiteMore InfoChandler & McDonald PLLCServing the Gastonia area.(704) 625-1509WebsiteMore InfoDidn't find what you were looking for?magnifying glassHelpful Reviews Hoyle Larry GMo N. ratedThis a humble man who really tries to put everyone's best interest at heart, he is hard working, dedicated to his job and if u hire him as and attorney he will not steer u wrong, he has not let us down once since we have dealt with him, I would recommend him in a heartbeat to anyone who has a case going on and if he can't help u I am pretty sure he will refer u 2 someone who can because that is just the kind of man he is, This man is in his office most days by 7am and in court by 830 am for hearings, but he still takes his time to have u come into his office and meet with him and he listens to what u have to say without the rude and snobbiness offish attitude that most lawyers have, he is not into drama and making things ugly n a courtroom either because he is a christian man, but he will go all the way to bat for u in a way that makes more sense than making it more a more escalated and heated atmosphere, he tries to defuse and mediate things between parties for best interest in his cases, he does family law and criminal law, n before I ever met him I heard some really nice things about him, but never in a million yrs thought I would run into him like I did and that he would be working on a case for me as well, but when God brings you to it he brings u through it! and when I prayed he brought me to a person who I felt great with retaining! Thanks to him for all his hard work dedication and humbleness to others, that kinda attitude takes u so far in life with plp and favor..........McIlveen Family Law Firmcristymichael.mcswain ratedI have used this law firm for both my custody cases. Sean during my first and was very please he is matter a fact and doesn't lead you to believe anything other than what will happen. I came out very pleased with the outcome and came out on top. During my second case which was very emotional and very scary for me for my child's sake, Angela was by my side and I felt as though she did care not only for just winning but for myself and my child. She didn't hesitate to be there for me day or email during after hours. I felt she really helped determine the fate of my life and child and I don't think someone else would have been as serious and willing as she had. She cared and it showed! And coming out of an abusive situation she is very much the Lawyer to go to. Also their staff Ana, Whitney, and the rest are there for you too, no brush offs, true caring and hard working for your case! I thank them tremendously!!! And both Sean and Angela are very presentable and firm in court not backing down for what's right you or your child!!!McIlveen Family Law Firmlkm123 ratedLila Kennedy MotonSean handled my legal separation and divorce. He wrote an outstanding court order that is now being enforced. I feel he is very knowledgeable and has been very devoted to the endeavors of my case. Coming out of a very abusive situation, he showed great compassion. With the help of his wonderful staff and I would like to mention Kimberlee in regard to her prompt attention to my concerns and questions. Thank you, Kimberlee and to all at McIIveen Family Law Firm. I would recommend this Firm highly. In that my case is not resolved, I don't know how it may turn out but I believe that Sean has done everything within his power and the laws power to make it right. Top Notch! Along with God, Sean has been my light and salvation. Wait on The Lord: be of good courage, and he shall strengthen thine heart: wait, I say on The Lord. Psalm 27:14McIlveen Family Law Firmmrs.necessary ratedMcIIveen Family Law Firm handl...McIIveen Family Law Firm handled my previous divorce filings. They were exceptionally professional and extremely fast. I emailed my inquiry one day and was in their office the next signing the paperwork. It was filed within 2 days! Other offices I had spoke with couldnt even see me for atleast a week! Thanks to their exceptional service, my divorce was finalized in less than 2 weeks of my initial inquiry to them.   I worked with several people in the office and all were very nice and knowledgable. I would refer anyone that needs legal advice or representation to McIIveen Family Law. James C Gray Attorney At Lawteresaknight611 ratedOnly person I would trust with my LOVED ONES....Thank you so much Mr Gray for delivering your promise to me..You told me he wouldnt seat in jail and that was for sure,,,,You pushed his court date up above alot of others and also told the judge the truth and the judge  let him walk that day..AMAZING JOB.....Morrow & Britton, PLLCTammy H. ratedMr. Britton gave me such wonderful advice regarding my parent's Estate and what to do. Also, I received great advice pertaining to my siblings and my inheritance. He also helped me with real estate that was left to me as the executor and how to move forward with it..Thank you! Well worth it.Street, NicholasIrene P. ratedMy family is blessed to have found Ronald Shook. He works fast and efficiently and works with you the best he can. I would recommend him to people I know. He's reasonable and made me feel comfortable as soon as I walked into his office. Charles K. HubbardPamela W. ratedMr Hubbard is th best lawyer and friend ive had for th past 18 or so yrs its caus of him tht i got my life together so i can say he is a great lawyer an a great ���� thank you PAWalkerWill Thomas A Jr Law Officesmelissa.crisp.33 rated5 starsExcellent kind and caring attorneyDid You Know?Types of AttorneysThe legal profession is vast, with each attorney having his or her specialties. Here are some of the most common attorneys individuals seek out when they require legal aid:Criminal Lawyer
A criminal defense lawyer is probably the attorney the average person imagines. Criminal attorneys are the men and women who defend individuals accused of a crime. The lawyer may work pro bono - for the public good - so the accused is certain to have representation, even if he or she cannot afford an attorney.Criminal lawyers are experts in the criminal justice system. They help their clients decide how to plead when first charged by the police and guide them through trial procedures. Defense lawyers must use every bit of their knowledge and resources to get their clients the fairest results from criminal proceedings.Business Lawyer
If you are a small business owner or the head of a larger corporation, you may come into contact with a business lawyer. Many big companies keep a legal staff on payroll to deal with the daily operations of running and maintaining a large enterprise. Business lawyers may have more specific specialties like copyright law, product liability and mergers and acquisitions.Business attorneys may focus their practices on certain industries. There are entertainment lawyers to guide artists through royalties and media contracts, while hospitals employ malpractice attorneys to protect doctors from aggressive litigation.Employment Lawyer
When you work for a company, you may find yourself in need of an employment lawyer - especially if the relationship between you and your employer sours. An employment attorney prevents people from losing their jobs due to unfair reasons. Workers' compensation lawyers help maintain safe employment conditions and ensure workers receive fair compensation after workplace injury or discrimination.Finance Lawyer
A personal finance attorney can protect and manage your investments and securities. You may use a finance lawyer to help you prepare your taxes, but you might be better off working with an accountant. A tax attorney is more commonly contacted after a business or individual runs into trouble with the IRS or state regulators.Real Estate Lawyer
Your family may keep a lawyer on retainer to guide you through the major expenses that come up in life. When buying a home, you could work with a real estate lawyer to make sure you get the best deal and won't get taken advantage of by tricky mortgage agreements or unfair landlords. An estate attorney can help you plan for the worst by creating a will and preparing your finances for after your death.Bankruptcy Lawyer
A bankruptcy lawyer is essential to help you resolve your financial difficulties when they start to spin out of control. Certain attorneys help create strategies to bring you out of debt and speak to your creditors. A lawyer can advise you on which type of bankruptcy you should file for.Civil Lawyer
If you are suing someone or being sued, you need a civil lawyer. Civil attorneys - and criminal lawyers - are the legal representatives who argue on your behalf in a courtroom setting. Civil lawyers may represent you on matters of business, finance or a wide variety of other specialized needs.One of the most common types of civil attorneys is a personal injury lawyer. When you're hurt by an outside party and you would like to hold them legally responsible, a personal injury attorney conducts litigation and negotiates settlements to compensate for your pain and suffering. Sometimes many wronged people will join together with a single civil lawyer or law office to form a class action lawsuit.Family/Divorce Lawyer
Most people will turn to a lawyer during a divorce to navigate the emotionally charged legal proceedings. A divorce attorney can assist in determining grounds for separation, division of property and custody of children.Family attorneys deal with much more personal matters. If you're getting married, a family lawyer can help you prepare a prenuptial agreement or other family planning paperwork such as adoption or inheritance documents.Questions One Should Ask a Lawyer Before Hiring ThemTo ensure you find a competent attorney who won't abuse your trust or drain your finances, you have to make the proper inquiries. There are several questions you should ask, but the majority will fall under three general topics:Training and Experience Questions
One of the best ways to determine quality is to examine an attorney's history. When you first step into a lawyer's office, you should check for the appropriate certifications and diplomas. You have to ask how long he or she has practiced law and request information that demonstrates the practice's success. Look for precise details such as percentage of cases settled out of court.Once you inquire about the broad details of their legal career, you should ask questions about their experience that pertains to your specific issue. You should ask how many similar cases they have handled and if they have special skills or training that applies specifically to your needs. Lawyers can't mention clients by name, but you should ask for basic details about identical past cases.Financial Questions
You need to ask about every possible fee that will come up when working with an attorney. You should request a list of all costs in advance so you won't be surprised by additional expenses like overhead. Also determine exactly when you will start being billed. You want to inspect paperwork carefully. If the attorney charges you for his or her experience, you need to make sure he or she will perform tasks personally and not hand it off to an assistant.Find out if the attorney has a flat fee or charges by the hour. Many civil lawyers work on contingency. Whatever the payment plan, make inquiries about how the lawyer plans to provide service for your money and what you can do if you start to feel unsatisfied with his or her performance.Lawyer/Client Relationship Questions
When you hire a lawyer, you're agreeing to work with someone over a certain period of time. You need to ask questions about how the attorney will communicate with you and what responsibilities you hold in the relationship. The attorney should let you know the best channel for quick communication and you need to inform him or her when you want updates.You should also ask questions to get to know the attorney as an individual in order to ensure this is a person you can trust. Ask about their legal philosophy and how he or she views the lawyer/client relationship. Great questions to start off with are ones that will make your life easier, such as how to keep fees down or what daily disruptions you should expect from a long legal battle. The more forthcoming the lawyer appears to be with individual needs, the better.Top Reasons to Hire a LawyerYou may keep a lawyer on retainer or you could turn to an attorney during specific situations. Here are some common reasons people begin seeking legal representation or advice:You Know Your Limitations
If you sign documents and you come across a word you don't recognize, you need assistance. You may need a third party to help you navigate important employment or real estate paperwork. It's essential you fully understand the terms of any legally binding documentation or activity you become a part of. If you are not an expert in a given field, you'll want to hire an attorney who is.A lawyer may find legal implications or opportunities you might miss. If you find yourself in a civil or criminal matter, a proper attorney ensures you don't receive a harsh punishment for a small mistake.You're Facing an Important Event/Decision
When making decisions critical to your financial stability or personal life, you may want a lawyer with expertise in your situation to make sure you do everything you can to arrive at the proper resolution. This is especially true when you become involved in a criminal case and your freedom is on the line.It's not just a matter of legal knowledge; lawyer's have access to numerous resources you do not. They have staff ready to work around the clock and experts in a variety of fields to give your important issues the attention they deserve.You Can't Be Impartial
During times when personal matters intersect with legal proceedings, you may need to have an advocate to prevent your emotions from getting in the way of level-headed thinking. For example, divorce lawyers can mediate a heated argument and help both partners get on with their lives.Emotional investment could be subtle. You may want to have a lawyer look over an investment opportunity that looks too good to be true or investigate the merits of a possible civil suit when you feel wronged.You're Out of Options
Many people turn to lawyers when they are in trouble. If you've been accused of a crime or are in a terrible financial situation, you can find an attorney who will work with what you have available to assist you as you deal with your problems.Personal injury lawyers find solutions for people who can no longer work under their own power and bankruptcy attorneys prevent people from giving in to debt. If you find yourself in a situation where you can't find a solution, a lawyer may be able to offer the counsel you need.How to Choose a LawyerWhen it comes time to choose a lawyer, you should start by searching close to home. While you probably don't want the conflict of interest that comes from being represented by a family member, friends and loved ones can recommend lawyers who served them well in the past. If you do have attorneys you are familiar with, ask who they believe would be best for you.After going through personal references - especially from individuals who had similar needs - you should broaden your search through public information resources. You can call your area's attorney referral service or check legal organizations like Martindale-Hubbell. There are other resources available online. You should check websites for client reviews and other third-party forms of approval.When you build a list of possible candidates, perform a background check on each one. See if you can find information on their history and success record. Once you find a possible lawyer, you should call to arrange a consultation so you can ask your important questions in person.By performing the necessary research and taking every available precaution, you can narrow your search to the attorney most suited to your needs. 
We just redesigned yp.com! Do you like it?×            LikeNot a Fan×            Thank You!Feedback



From The Couch by James C. Stewart (Paperback) - Lulu




















































































                                        All
                                    

                                        Bookstore
                                    

                                        Knowledge Base
                                    

















Shop






                    From The Couch
                


By James C. Stewart 





                                                                                                                                                                                Paperback, 104 Pages
                    









                                    This item has not been rated yet                            





Preview





Price:

                                                    $8.00
                                                                            



Prints in 3-5 business days

100 cartoons for those who recognize that everything is not quite right and that this is what makes life fun.








Add to Cart










Embed










Ratings & Reviews |
                    Product Details








Ratings & Reviews
Log in to review this item



Lulu Sales Rank:  68702 


Log in to rate this item











You must be logged in to post a review.
                Please log in


There are no reviews for the current version of this product

Refreshing...





> Find Reviews for Previous Versions



There are no reviews for previous versions of this product


Refreshing...



To report this review as inappropriate, please complete this short form.



Email Address *




First Name



Last Name



Additional Comments




Report





Product Details

ISBN
    9781312739468

Copyright
        James C. Stewart (Standard Copyright License)    
Edition
First Edition
Publisher
James C. Stewart
Published
    December 8, 2014

Language
English
Pages
104
Binding
Perfect-bound Paperback
Interior Ink
Black & white
Weight
        0.45 lbs.    
Dimensions (inches)
        6 wide x 9 tall    

Report This Content to Lulu >











Moderation of Questionable Content
Thank you for your interest in helping us moderate questionable content on Lulu. If you need assistance with an order or the publishing process, please contact our support team directly.
How does this content violate the Lulu Membership Agreement?


Selection
Privacy Violation and/or Defamation
Infringes my Trademark
Infringes my Copyright
Not Fit for General Access
Infringes a Well-Known Work
Violates the Membership Agreement in another way




Digital Millennium Copyright Act Notice Form
The Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA") is a United States copyright law that provides guidelines for online service providers in case of copyright infringement. Below is the information that should be present in these notices. It is designed to make submitting notices of alleged infringement to us as straightforward as possible while reducing the number of notices that we receive that are fraudulent or difficult to understand or verify. The form of notice specified below is consistent with the DMCA, which can be found at the U.S. Copyright Office website, http://www.copyright.gov.
To file a notice of infringement with us, you must provide us with the items specified below. Please note that you will be liable for damages (including costs and attorneys' fees) if you materially misrepresent that the material is infringing your copyright. Accordingly, if you are not sure whether material infringes your copyright, we suggest that you first contact an attorney.
This notice and any attachments we receive will be forwarded to the alleged infringer, who will then have the opportunity to file a counter notification pursuant to Sections 512(g)(2) and (3) of the DMCA. Should a properly filed counter notification be filed, you will be notified and have 10 business days within which to file for a restraining order in Federal Court to prevent the reinstatement of the material.
* Denotes a required field. All required fields must be filled out for us to be able to process your form.



From our Membership Agreement
"Lulu is a place where people of all ages, backgrounds, experience, and professions can publish, sell, or buy creative content such as novels, memoirs, poetry, cookbooks, technical manuals, articles, photography books, children's books, calendars, and a host of other content that defies easy categorization. We help people distribute information and art spanning a wide range of subject matter while providing a safe, friendly, respectful, and serious site for all content creators. Since our community serves a broad range of ages, we do not encourage content that could make a majority of our users uncomfortable."
If you are sure that this product is in violation of acceptable content as defined in the agreement or that it does not meet our guidelines for General Access, please fill out the form below. It will then be reviewed by Lulu Staff to determine the next course of action.



First Name *

First Name is required.


Last Name *

Last Name is required.


Title



Organization



Address 

Address is required.


Country *

Country is required.


Email Address *

Email Address is required.
Email Address is invalid.


Phone Number 



Description *

Description is required.


Your Copyrighted Work *
Identify in sufficient detail the copyrighted work that you believe has been infringed upon (for example, "The copyrighted work at issue is the image that appears on http://www.lulu.com/####") or other information sufficient to specify the copyrighted work being infringed.

required field


Location of Infringing Material
Identify each web page that allegedly contains infringing material. This requires you to provide the URL for each allegedly infringing result, document or item.
http://www.lulu.com/shop/james-c-stewart/from-the-couch/paperback/product-21941443.html


Sworn Statements
I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above as allegedly infringing is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.

Please check to confirm *
required field


I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in the notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

Please check to confirm                                *
required field


Signature
Date (MM/DD/YYYY) *

Date (MM/DD/YYYY) is required.


Signature *

Signature is required.
(Your digital signature is as legally binding as a physical signature. If you use a digital signature, your signature must exactly match the First and Last names that you specified earlier in this form)

This form does not constitute legal advice and nothing that you read or are provided on this web site should be used as a substitute for the advice of competent legal counsel.



I wish to be contacted with the results of the investigation.


* required field


Submit






Lulu abides by the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA"), which governs how we are to treat claims of copyright infringement. If someone believes in good faith that a Lulu Account Holder has infringed their copyright, they can request that we take down the infringing material by filing a DMCA Notice. To file a DMCA Notice with Lulu, click on the button "Continue".
We reserve the right to ignore a Notice that is not in compliance with the DMCA. When a clear and valid Notice is received pursuant to the guidelines, we will respond by either taking down the allegedly infringing content or blocking access to it, and we may also contact you for more information.
If you are not the copyright holder or its agent and if the content is clearly infringing the copyright of a well-known work, please select "Infringes a well-known work" from the dropdown menu.


Continue





Your notification has been sent
Lulu Staff has been notified of a possible violation of the terms of our Membership Agreement. Our agents will determine if the content reported is inappropriate or not based on the guidelines provided and will then take action where needed.
Thank you for notifying us. We will email you with the results and/or actions taken as a result of the investigation if you chose to receive confirmation.


OK




We were unable to complete your request.
We were unable to complete your request.


OK






Keywords

Cartoons,                Quirky,                Kudzu Knights 
Listed In

 Humor


More From     
                                James C. Stewart                    










                        Kudzu Knights
            

By James C. Stewart 

            Hardcover:        

$35.00
$29.75
















Age Verification
The page you are attempting to access contains content that is not intended for underage readers.


Please verify your birth date to continue.



Month
January
February
March
April
May
June
July
August
September
October
November
December


Day
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31


Year
2004
2003
2002
2001
2000
1999
1998
1997
1996
1995
1994
1993
1992
1991
1990
1989
1988
1987
1986
1985
1984
1983
1982
1981
1980
1979
1978
1977
1976
1975
1974
1973
1972
1971
1970
1969
1968
1967
1966
1965
1964
1963
1962
1961
1960
1959
1958
1957
1956
1955
1954
1953
1952
1951
1950
1949
1948
1947
1946
1945
1944
1943
1942
1941
1940
1939
1938
1937
1936
1935
1934
1933
1932
1931
1930
1929
1928
1927
1926
1925
1924
1923
1922
1921
1920
1919
1918


























Welcome to Lulu!
        We notice you are using a browser version that we do not support. For you to have the best experience on Lulu.com, we recommend using the current versions of Firefox, Chrome, Safari, or upgrading to Internet Explorer 9 		(or higher).
        Ok




