




Kristen Stewart on Dating Robert Pattinson: Our Relationship Was Made Into a Product | E! News



































































































































NEWS


LIFE/STYLE


FREESTYLE


BEAUTY


FASHION


BABIES


COUPLES


FITNESS


HOME


TRAVEL


WEDDINGS




ENTERTAINMENT


TV


MUSIC


MOVIES




RED CARPET


PEOPLE'S CHOICE AWARDS


GOLDEN GLOBES


SAG AWARDS


GRAMMYS


OSCARS


EMMYS




EVENTS


FASHION WEEK


SUPER BOWL


COACHELLA


MET GALA


COMIC-CON


OLYMPICS




VIDEOS


PHOTOS


E! SHOWS


BOTCHED


HOLLYWOOD MEDIUM


FAMOUSLY SINGLE


KARDASHIANS


DAILY POP


E! NEWS


LIFE OF KYLIE


FASHION POLICE


SCHEDULE


MORE SHOWS




MORE


E! NEWS STORE


APPS


NEWSLETTER


E! NOW


PEOPLE'S CHOICE







FULL EPISODES


us
Australia
Germany
France
UK
Canada
USA
Mexico
Brazil





Press Enter to Search















			Kristen Stewart on Dating Robert Pattinson: "Our Relationship Was Made Into a Product"
		




						By
					

&









by
Zach Johnson


			
			|
			





Share




Tweet




Share




Email


















								
									
									
										Latest News
									
								
							








								The Big Picture: Today's Hot Photos
							









								Jennifer Lopez's Most J.Lo Instagrams
							










								Hollywood Celebs and Scandals
							







Share




Tweet




Share




Email












Kristen Stewart and Robert Pattinson are not Bella and Edward. As the actress explains in T's Aug. 21st Women's Fashion issue, dating her Twilight co-star—earning them the nickname "Robsten"—taught her a lesson in what happens when her personal and professional identities merged. "People wanted me and Rob to be together so badly that our relationship was made into a product. It wasn't real life anymore. And that was gross to me," Stewart says. "It's not that I want to hide who I am or hide anything I'm doing in my life. It's that I don't want to become a part of a story for entertainment value."Stewart understands that as an actress in high-profile films, audiences will be interested in her love life. But she's careful to only show them so much. "I'm not the typical showman. But at the same time, I want so badly to expose myself," the 26-year-old actress says. "I want to be understood and I want to be seen, and I want to do that in the rawest, purest, most naked way I can."It wasn't until recently, in fact, that Stewart confirmed she was dating visual-effects producer Alicia Cargile. "I would never talk about any of my relationships before, but once I started dating girls it seemed like there was an opportunity to represent something really positive," the Café Society actress tells the magazine. "I still want to protect my personal life, but I don't want to seem like I'm protecting the idea, so that does sort of feel like I owe something to people."






Read
5 Things to Know About Kristen Stewart's Girlfriend Alicia Cargile












Karim Sadli

Though she didn't hide her affections for Cargile in public, Stewart shied away from discussing their coupling for some time. It's understandable, given that she suffered from "debilitating physical anxiety" during her teens and early 20s. Today, Stewart's feelings towards fame are "no longer negative or fear-based," she tells T. "I do think that's because of the storms I have weathered. It's not that they make you stronger or calloused—but they do make you a human."For more from Stewart, pick up T magazine, on newsstands Aug. 21.







Photos
Kristen Stewart and Alicia Cargile's Cutest Moments









TAGS/
Kristen Stewart

					,
				

					Robert Pattinson

					,
				

					Twilight

					,
				

					Celebrities

					,
				

					Top Stories

					,
				

					wochit
















Facebook
Instagram
Pinterest
Twitter
Tumblr
Snapchat



Got a News Tip? Click Here


About Us
FAQ
Careers
Contact Us
Site Map
Apps
Cookie Policy
Show Schedule
Shop
Closed Captioning
E! Now


Sweepstakes
Advertise
AdChoices


RSS Feeds
E! Account




            E! Online - Your source for entertainment news, celebrities, celeb news, and        celebrity gossip. Check out the hottest fashion, photos, movies and TV shows!
        


Privacy Policy | Terms of Service | Independent Programming Report | © 2017 E! Entertainment Television, LLC. A Division of NBCUniversal. All rights reserved.
    







































U.S.



CA



U.K.



AU



DE



FR



Brazil




E! Is Everywhere
This content is available customized for our international audience. Would you like to view this in our US edition?


E! Is Everywhere
This content is available customized for our international audience. Would you like to view this in our Canadian edition?


E! Is Everywhere
This content is available customized for our international audience. Would you like to view this in our UK edition?


E! Is Everywhere
This content is available customized for our international audience. Would you like to view this in our Australian edition?


E! ist überall
Dieser Inhalt ist für internationale Besucher verfügbar. Möchtest du ihn in der deutschen Version anschauen?


E! Is Everywhere
This content is available customized for our international audience. Would you like to view this in our German edition?


E! est partout
Une version adaptée de ce contenu est disponible pour notre public international. Souhaitez-vous voir ça dans notre édition française ?


E! Is Everywhere
This content is available customized for our international audience. Would you like to view this in our French edition?



Yes!
No, Thanks.


Yes!
No, Thanks.


Yes!
No, Thanks.


Yes!
No, Thanks.


Ja !
Nein, danke.


Yes!
No, Thanks.


Oui!
Non, merci.


Yes!
No, Thanks.


Sim!
Não, obrigado.


Yes!
No, Thanks.


¡Si!
No, gracias.


Yes!
No, Thanks.



Translate to English
Translate to English

Impressum




Translate to English >
Translate to English >
Translate to English >
Translate to English >
This content is available customized for our international audience. Switch to US edition?
This content is available customized for our international audience. Switch to Canadian edition?
This content is available customized for our international audience. Switch to UK edition?
This content is available customized for our international audience. Switch to Australian edition?
Möchtest du zur deutschen Version wechseln?
Do you want to go to the German edition?
Souhaitez-vous vous rendre sur l'édition française ?
Do you want to go to the French edition?
Nós especializamos nosso site para sua região! Você gostaria de ir para E! Online Brasil?
We have specialized our website for your region. Would you like to switch to our Brazilian edition?
¡Hemos especializado nuestro sitio para tu región! ¿Quieres ir a E! Online Latino?
We have specialized our website for your region. Would you like to switch to our Latino edition?
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Ja !
Yes!
Oui!
Yes!
Sim!
Yes!
¡Si!
Yes!
✕









 



Kristen Stewart: My Relationship With Robert Pattinson Became 'a Product' - ABC News




























































































Menu

ABC News














Log In




















Kristen Stewart: My Relationship With Robert Pattinson Became 'a Product'


By Lesley Messer



Close




Follow on Twitter




More from Lesley



Aug 17, 2016, 11:30 AM ET

0 Shares













Email





Star 



PlayJim Spellman/Getty ImagesWATCH Kristen Stewart Talks 'Cafe' Society' and 'Equals' 
0 Shares














Email 





Kristen Stewart starred alongside Robert Pattinson in the popular "Twilight" movies, and to the delight of the franchise's fans, began dating him in real life too.

However, the actress told The New York Times’ T Magazine, the excessive attention made her uncomfortable.

They split in 2013, months after Stewart was photographed kissing director Rupert Sanders.

“People wanted me and Rob to be together so badly that our relationship was made into a product. It wasn’t real life anymore. And that was gross to me," she said. "It’s not that I want to hide who I am or hide anything I’m doing in my life. It’s that I don’t want to become a part of a story for entertainment value."

Kristen Stewart Teams Up Again With Jesse Eisenberg in New Film 'Cafe Society'



Kristen Stewart Says 'Twilight' Made Her Who She Is



Kristen Stewart Talks 'Painful' Time After Split From Robert Pattinson



These days, Stewart, 26, who is promoting her new movie, "Personal Shopper," is dating Alicia Cargile, a visual-effects producer. The two have been together for three years, and Stewart told the magazine that they're in love.

“I would never talk about any of my relationships before, but once I started dating girls it seemed like there was an opportunity to represent something really positive,” she said. “I still want to protect my personal life, but I don’t want to seem like I’m protecting the idea, so that does sort of feel like I owe something to people.”











 "   Kristen Stewart Opens Up About Her Romance With Alicia Cargile        "   Jennifer Holliday talks hurtful 'Dreamgirls' remake       "   Jamie Lee Curtis opens up about opioid addiction       "   William and Harry open up about their last phone call with Princess Diana        "   Ben Affleck disputes rumors he's giving up on Batman       "   William and Harry share intimate memories of life with Princess Diana         Justin Bieber not welcome to perform in China       "   'Game of Thrones' stars reveal which characters they didn't want killed off        "   'Home Alone' and 'Sopranos' actor John Heard dead at 71       "   Jimmy Kimmel's 3-month-old son 'doing great' after open-heart surgery       "   New photo of Prince George released for his 4th birthday       "   Kushner set for closed-door interview with Senate Intelligence Committee       "   Stranded Arizona hikers airlifted from floodwaters; 2 remain trapped       "   2 Jordanians killed, 1 Israeli wounded at Israeli embassy       "   White House indicates Trump would sign new sanctions bill       "   5-year-old heart transplant recipient Ari Schultz dies       "   Sky's the limit for baseball player, 11, born without his left hand       "   Single mom inspires others with viral post encouraging co-parenting       "   Bride's dad makes cardboard cutout of her dog so he can attend wedding       "   Woman, granddaughter undergo successful kidney transplant       "   Grandma and granddaughter will rock same dress to family wedding       "   Texas family seeks owners of vintage wedding photo found in garage     









































Robert S Stewart                                                                                                         - Huntington                                        , WV         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



WV



Huntington



Business Services, Nec



Business Services At Non-commercial Site



                            Robert S Stewart
                                    



 





















R 


Robert S Stewart                                                                                                        
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



1613 CAMPBELL DR HUNTINGTON, WV 25705
Get Directions



(304) 733-6260
 





Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $79,000.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Business Services At Non-commercial Site
 Contacts Robert S Stewart                                                                                                        







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Robert S Stewart                                                                                                         is located at 1613 Campbell Dr in Huntington and has been in the business of Business Services At Non-commercial Site since 2010. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







R

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.




















Stewart Roberts Oasis Church
























































 
 
 Stewart B. Roberts, Pastor







  
The Oasis LTC  39-605 Entrepreneur Lane, Palm Desert, CA   760.772.8255                                                                
copyright The Oasis 2011. All Rights Reserved










Home

Email Sign-Up
Calendar
Prayer
Something to think about
Sermon Notes


Oasis LTC

Pastor Roberts
Statement of Faith
Service Times
Directions


Events

Events


Contact Us

Contact Info
Directions
Service Times
Prayer








































Kristen Stewart Calls Relationship With Robert Pattinson a “Product” | Vanity FairVanity FairSign Inproduct placementKristen Stewart Calls Relationship with Robert Pattinson a “Product”The actress tells T Magazine that it was “gross” to have her relationship with her former boyfriend turned into a commodity.by Hilary WeaverAugust 17, 2016 2:36 pmEmailFacebookTwitterBy Julian Makey/REX/Shutterstock.This summer, the public has gotten better acquainted with  Kristen Stewart
—namely, her personal life. The 26-year-old actress has been very up front about the fact that she’s found love with visual-effects producer Alicia Cargile. It’s been a while since we’ve heard much about her past with Twilight co-star Robert Pattinson, with whom she broke up in 2013, but during in a new interview with T Magazine, Stewart brought up her time with Pattinson—and the highly capitalized commodity that was their relationship.“People wanted me and Rob to be together so badly that our relationship was made into a product,” she told the magazine. “It wasn’t real life anymore.”She went on to say that that the media attention was “gross” to her. ”I don’t want to become a part of a story for entertainment value,” Stewart added. The couple dealt with an extreme amount of attention, particularly when Stewart’s cheating on Pattinson—and subsequent public apology—[became a closely watched news item] (http://www.usmagazine.com/celebrity-news/news/kristen-stewarts-cheating-scandal-a-timeline-of-events-2013177).The experience made Stewart closely guarded when it comes to revealing details about herself. Nevertheless, the Stewart who spoke to T was much more open than the one the public saw while she was with Pattinson. “I would never talk about any of my relationships before, but once I started dating girls it seemed like there was an opportunity to represent something really positive,” Stewart explained about her new perspective on discussing private matters.She scrolls through her private Instagram account in front of the interviewer, pointing out pictures of herself with Cargile. The couple exists mostly out of the spotlight; the complete opposite of “Robsten.” Kristen Stewart is no longer one-half of a product being peddled by the media, and she’s much happier. “I’m not sad anymore. I’m not saturated anymore. I’ve been dropped back into everyone else’s reality and now I can live again.’Do you have what it takes?Test your knowledge of the Seven Kingdoms with Vanity Fair’s Game of Unknowns.Make your predictionsFull ScreenPhotos:1/10Kristen Stewart, Queen of Cannes Style, 2016: A Journey in PhotosStewart is a master at walking the line between casual (she is wearing a . . . T-shirt on the Cannes red carpet, it must be emphasized) and otherworldly chicness (which this look also embodies).Photo: By Samir Hussein/WireImage/Getty Images.Some days you’re Kristen Stewart in all white at Cannes, and other days you’re Kristen Stewart in all black at Cannes.Photo: By Gisela Schober/Getty Images.The single red stripe on this skirt—matching the red lipstick—deserves its own three-minute-Cannes-end-of-movie standing ovation.Photo: By Venturelli/WireImage/Getty Images.It is possible to look at this photo for 17 minutes straight without realizing Jesse Eisenberg is even in it.Photo: By George Pimentel/WireImage/Getty Images.This looks like it could be an album cover for some sort of British grunge rocker’s first EP, no?Photo: By Marc Piasecki/GC Images/Getty Images.If you didn’t just add this look to your “Office Attire Business inspiration” Pinterest board, well, we are surprised and disappointed.Photo: By Pierre Suu/GC Images/Getty Images.The sheer force of this look is going to get us through the rest of the year, honestly. Those sleeves!Photo: By Anthony Harvey/FilmMagic/Getty Images.PreviousNextStewart is a master at walking the line between casual (she is wearing a . . . T-shirt on the Cannes red carpet, it must be emphasized) and otherworldly chicness (which this look also embodies).By Samir Hussein/WireImage/Getty Images.Some days you’re Kristen Stewart in all white at Cannes, and other days you’re Kristen Stewart in all black at Cannes.By Gisela Schober/Getty Images.The single red stripe on this skirt—matching the red lipstick—deserves its own three-minute-Cannes-end-of-movie standing ovation.By Venturelli/WireImage/Getty Images.It is possible to look at this photo for 17 minutes straight without realizing Jesse Eisenberg is even in it.By George Pimentel/WireImage/Getty Images.What’s amazing about Kristen Stewart in Cannes is, even when she’s not on a red carpet, walking off a yacht or whatever, she still looks completely red-carpet ready.By Marc Piasecki/GC Images/Getty Images.Say hello to Daytime Luncheon “I’m here to converse for an hour!” Kristen!By David M. Benett/Getty Images.Every once in a while, Stewart goes full-on glam, and it’s something of a gasp-inducing marvel.By Luca Teuchmann/WireImage/Getty Images.This looks like it could be an album cover for some sort of British grunge rocker’s first EP, no?By Marc Piasecki/GC Images/Getty Images.If you didn’t just add this look to your “Office Attire Business inspiration” Pinterest board, well, we are surprised and disappointed.By Pierre Suu/GC Images/Getty Images.The sheer force of this look is going to get us through the rest of the year, honestly. Those sleeves!By Anthony Harvey/FilmMagic/Getty Images.ShareEmailFacebookTwitterYOU MIGHT LIKEKristen Stewart Says She “Is Really in Love” with Girlfriend Alicia CargileVanity FairKristen Stewart on Her Style Evolution: “I Feel Way More Comfortable and Confident”Vanity FairPrince George and Princess Charlotte’s Most Adorable Moments on the 2017 Poland/Germany TourVanity FairFirst Look: An Artful Take on Trump and His Administration, Courtesy of Mad MagazineVanity FairAll of Kate Middleton’s Looks on the 2017 Poland/Germany TourVanity FairZendaya’s Evolution Into a Young Style IconVanity FairAround the WebPowered by ZergnetRELATEDSEEKKristen Stewart Says She “Is Really in Love” with Girlfriend Alicia CargileBY HILARY WEAVERKristen Stewart on Her Style Evolution: “I Feel Way More Comfortable and Confident”BY PAUL CHISEEKHome    AL MATTIA - Vice President, Brand DevelopmentOffice:  609-261-8893 • Cell:  732-859-6242  Stewart'sSoda Chews Candy  Stewart'sCupcake Floats      Stewart'sHamburgers  Stewart’s Product Licensing, Inc.93 Fostertown Road • Lumberton, NJ 08048Office:  609-261-8893 • Consumer Service 1-888-636-6642email: stewartsrb@verizon.net         Contact UsMichael W. Fessler - President​      Welcome toStewart’sProduct Licensing, Inc.! Stewart's Root Beer first appeared in 1924 when school teach Frank Stewart of Mansfield, Ohio, set out to created the world's creamiest, best tasting root beerand quality foods to supplement his teachers income.  He then opened his first drive-in restaurant which turned into a successful chain of Stewart's restaurants throughout the United States.Now you can bring home the great taste of Stewart's old-fashioned root beer and other classic fountain soft drinks to enjoy.  You can also find Stewart's famous hot dogs, juice hamburgers and many other quality products in you local retail stores.  We are working on new and up and coming products in the future!  Our Products        HomeHot DogsBurgersSoda Chews CandyCupcake FloatsFind Us  CELL: 609-502-8451 • FAX: 609-261-5255​  Stewart'sFrozen Floats  Consumer Service 1-888-636-6642          Stewart'sHot Dogs  Office:  609-261-8893         Stewart's Product Licensing, Inc.     © 2013 All Rights Reserved  |  Privacy Policy      View on Mobile


Non Skid Products | Stewart Products | 1-615-826-1447













































































 








 








Navigation



Stewart Products Company
Leader in the non-skid industry for over 40 years



























 



 



 



 














 



Stewart Products - Leader In Non Skid Products
 
 
 






Stewart Products Company is the leader in the Non Skid Products industry for over 40 years. Our product line includes AquaTrac, Tuff Deck, compression molded rubber matting, Grit tapes, extruded vinyls, extruded foams, EVA and polyethylene sheets, gas tank strapping, and a wide range of aftermarket items. We also offer a full range of converting services including - laminating, slitting and rewinding, die cutting, and sheeting. Most of our products are laminated with an aggressive adhesive package designed for high traffic and outdoor applications. If there is a material or process not listed, we will be happy to discuss customizing a product specifically for your application. Please contact us for samples and quotes.
 
 
 
















 



For a durable non-slip top surface that will last for years, resisting wear and tear, consider the AquaTrac line of non skid products. Available in a variety of colors with either “Peel and Stick” backing or snaps, and either standard or Super Soft versions.
 
 
 









 



Boaters, hunters, paddlesports enthusiasts, and machinery operators seeking the ideal non skid products for improved sound insulation and traction all turn to ConSeal. Perfect for OEM applications as well as do-it-yourself upgrade projects, it also is available in a range of colors and patterns.
 
 
 




 











SHOP ONLINE!
 


 
 
 












Shop Now

 
 
 





Shop All Sale Inventory

 
 
 










 
 
 











Follow us on Social Media!
 






 



 
 
 
 




Search For Products
 









 
 
 




Contact Us
STEWART PRODUCTS COMPANY
699 West Main Street
Suite 208
Hendersonville, TN 37075
Phone: (615) 826-1447
Email: Stewartproductsryan@gmail.com
 
 
 


 
















 













