W.P. Stewart & Co., Ltd.: OTCMKTS:WPSL quotes & news - Google FinanceCookies help us deliver our services. By using our services, you agree to our use of cookiesLearn moreGot itMy AccountSearchMapsYouTubePlayNewsGmailDriveCalendarGoogle+TranslatePhotosMoreShoppingWalletFinanceDocsBooksBloggerContactsHangoutsKeepEven more from GoogleSign inHidden fieldsSearch FinanceAdobe Flash Player is required for interactive charts. AllowFinanceW.P. Stewart & Co., Ltd.(OTCMKTS:WPSL)Add to portfolioCompanySummaryNewsRelated companiesHistorical pricesFinancialsMarketsNewsPortfoliosStock screenerGoogle Domestic TrendsRecent Quotes (30 days)You have no recent quoteschg | %




W.P. Stewart & Co., Ltd.  (Public, OTCMKTS:WPSL)  
Watch this stock
 




















12.33


0.00
(0.00%)





Delayed:
 




OTCMKTS
data delayed by 15 mins -
Disclaimer

Currency in USD







Range

    -



52 week

6.20 - 12.50



Open

    -



Vol.

0.00



Mkt cap

60.17M



P/E

32.84



Div/yield

    -



EPS

0.38



Shares

    -



Beta

    -



Inst. own

    -
































News





Relevance



Date











All news for W.P. Stewart & Co., Ltd. »

Subscribe






Advertisement


Key stats and ratios




Q4 (Dec '12)
2012


Net profit margin
29.10%
9.61%

Operating margin
2.15%
-11.60%

EBITD margin
-
-11.14%

Return on average assets
30.16%
7.40%

Return on average equity
39.23%
10.20%

Employees
41
-

CDP Score
-

-



Address
1345 Avenue of the AmericasNEW YORK, NY 10105-0302United States
- Map+1-212-9691000 (Phone)+1-212-9692293 (Fax)

Website links


https://www.alliancebernstein.com

















Settings |
Technicals |



Link to this view





Sources include SIX.




















Advertisement







Related companies





Show:


Most Recent Quarter


Most Recent Annual




Add or remove columns
Save changes
Cancel









More from FactSet »










Description




W.P. Stewart & Co., Ltd., incorporated on June 29, 1998, is an investment adviser. The Company together with its subsidiaries provides investment advisory and related services, including securities brokerage. The Company owns a 40% interest in Kirk Management Ltd., a real estate joint venture. The Company’s subsidiaries include W.P. Stewart Asset Management Ltd., W.P. Stewart Securities LLC, W.P. Stewart Fund Management Limited, W. P. Stewart Fund Management S.A, and WPS Advisors, Inc.











Google Finance Beta available in: Hong Kong - Canada - U.S. - China - U.K.Information is provided "as is" and solely for informational purposes, not for trading purposes or advice, and may be delayed.To see all exchange delays, please  see disclaimer.©2017 Google - Google Home - Blog - Help - Report a Problem - Privacy Policy - Terms of Service

WPL Advanced Chart - Stewart W P & Co Ltd | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»WPLStewart W P & Co LtdWPL chart by TradingView





WPL Dividends & Splits - Stewart W P & Co Ltd | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»WPLStewart W P & Co LtdWPL is defunct. Latest








 TIERS ASSET BACKED SECURITIES SER CHAMT TR 1997-7 (Form: 8-K, Received: 08/22/2000 11:29:02) 












SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION



WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549




FORM 8-K




CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE

SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934



Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): August 15, 2000



Tiers Asset-Backed Securities, Series


CHAMT Trust 1997-7 (Exact name of registrant as

specified in its charter)








         DELAWARE                  33-55860/33-357357               52-6880113
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(State or other jurisdiction      (Commission                 (I.R.S. employer
     of incorporation)               file number)          identification no.)








c/o Delaware Trust Capital Management, Inc.

c/o First Union Trust Co., N.A.

920 King Street, One Rodney Square, 1st Floor



Wilmington, Delaware                                         19801


(Address of principal executive offices)                         (Zip code)



Registrant's telephone number, including area code (302)-888-7539


______________________________N/A ______________________________

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)


1








Item 1.           Changes in Control of Registrant.



Not Applicable.





Item 2.           Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.


Not Applicable.





Item 3.           Bankruptcy or Receivership.


Not Applicable.





Item 4.           Changes in Registrant's Certifying Accountant.


Not Applicable.





Item 5.           Other Events.


Not Applicable.





Item 6.  Resignations of Registrant's Directors.


Not Applicable.





Item 7.  Financial Statements, Pro-Forma Financial Information and Exhibits.


(a)  Not Applicable.


(b)  Not Applicable.


(c)  Exhibits.


1.  Indenture  Trustee's  Monthly  Report in  respect  of the  August  15,  2000
Distribution Date


2.  Administrator's Report in respect of the August 15, 2000 Distribution Date.






Item 8.  Change in Fiscal Year.



Not Applicable.


2









SIGNATURES



Pursuant to the  requirements  of the Securities  Exchange Act of 1934, the
registrant  has duly  caused  this  report  to be  signed  on its  behalf by the
undersigned thereunto duly authorized.


TIERS Asset-Backed Securities
Series CHAMT Trust 1997-7


By:   Delaware Trust Capital Management, Inc.,
not in its individual capacity,
but solely as Owner Trustee on behalf of
TIERS Asset-Backed Securities,
Series CHAMT Trust 1997-7


By:________________________________
Name: Sterling C. Correia
Title:  Vice President


Dated: August 16, 2000


3









EXHIBIT INDEX







Exhibit                                                                   Page


1.  Indenture Trustee's Report in respect of the August 15, 2000
    Distribution Date                                                      5-6


2.  Administrator's Report in respect of the August 15, 2000
    Distribution Date                                                      7-8
















Exhibit 1



To the Holders of

TIERS Asset-Backed Securities,

Series CHAMT Trust 1997-7

Fixed Rate Notes, Class A


CUSIP: 871928AR8



Pursuant to Section 9(c) of the Series Trust  Indenture  dated  October 15, 1997
between TIERS Asset-Backed  Securities,  Series CHAMT Trust 1997-7 and U.S. Bank
Trust  National  Association,   formerly  First  Trust  of  New  York,  National
Association,  as Indenture Trustee,  U.S. Bank Trust National Association hereby
gives notice with respect to the Distribution  occurring on August 15, 2000 (the
"Distribution Date") as follows:


(i) The amount of the  distribution  to holders of the Fixed Rate Notes  Class A
allocable to  principal  of and premium,  if any, and interest and the amount of
aggregate  unpaid  interest  accrued,  if  any,  as of  the  Distribution  Date,
expressed as a dollar amount per $1,000  original face amount  thereof,  were as
follows:








                                      Fixed Rate Notes, Class A

Principal                             3.765085
Premium, if any                       0.00
Interest Paid                         0.599522
Interest Accrued and not paid         0.00








(ii)  No  compensation  has  been  paid to the  Administrator  or  Trustee  from
Available  Funds under the TIERS  Asset-Backed  Securities,  Series  CHAMT Trust
1997-7.


(iii) The  aggregate  stated  principal  amount of the Chase  Credit Card Master
Trust Class A Floating Rate Certificates, Series 1996-4 (the "Deposited Assets")
is $36,641,000 and the notional amount is the same.


(iv) The Deposited  Assets did bear interest at a rate of 6.75625 for the period
from July 17, 2000 through August 14, 2000.


(v) The  Deposited  Assets are rated AAA by  Standard & Poors and Aaa by Moody's
Investors Service .


(vi) The Eligible  Investments  held by the Issuer as of the  Distribution  Date
were as follows: None.


(vii) The PSA Index Rate  determined  with respect to the  Distribution  Date by
Westdeutsche Landesbank Girozentrale, as Swap Counterparty is 712.


E-1





(viii)  The  aggregate   outstanding   principal  balance  of,  Notional  Amount
attributable to and the Current Factor applicable to each class of Securities as
of the close of business on the Distribution Date were as follows:








                          Fixed Rate Notes,       Floating Rate Certificates
                            Class A                 Class B


Aggregate Outstanding     $36,641,000.00          $8,577,000.00
Principal Balance         $36,641,000.00          $8,577,000.00

Notional Amount           $36,641,000.00          $8,577,000.00

Current Factor            .1038                   .7855









U.S. Bank Trust National Association, as Indenture Trustee



E-2










Exhibit 2



To the Holders of

TIERS Asset-Backed Securities,

Series CHAMT Trust 1997-7

Floating Rate Certificates, Class B


CUSIP: 8712928AS8



Pursuant  to Section  4.2 of the Base Trust  Agreement  dated  October  15, 1997
between Structured  Products  Corporation and Delaware Trust Capital Management,
Inc.,  U.S. Bank Trust National  Association,  formerly First Trust of New York,
National Association, as Administrator,  hereby gives notice with respect to the
Distribution occurring on August 15, 2000 (the "Distribution Date") as follows:


(i) The  amount of the  distribution  to  holders  of each  Class of  Securities
allocable to  principal  of and premium,  if any, and interest and the amount of
aggregate  unpaid  interest  accrued,  if  any,  as of  the  Distribution  Date,
expressed as a dollar amount per $1,000  original face amount  thereof,  were as
follows:








                                 Fixed Rate Notes,   Floating Rate Certificates
                                  Class A              Class B

Principal                         3.765085           29.479853
Premium, if any                   0.00                0.00
Interest Paid                     0.599522            4.475680
Interest Accrued and not paid     0.00               $0.00








(ii) The Floating Rate Pass Through Rate applicable to the Floating Rate Class B
Certificates  for the period  from July 17,  2000  through  August 14,  2000 and
payable  on  the  on  the  Distribution  Date,  as  calculated  by  Westdeutsche
Landesbank Girozentrale, the Calculation Agent 6.82625%.


(iii) No  compensation  has  been  paid to the  Administrator  or  Trustee  from
Available  Funds under the TIERS  Asset-Backed  Securities,  Series  CHAMT Trust
1997-7.


(iv) The aggregate stated principal amount of the Chase Credit Card Master Trust
Class A Floating Rate  Certificates,  Series 1996-4 (the "Deposited  Assets") is
$36,641,000 and the notional amount is the same.


(v) The Deposited  Assets did bear interest at a rate of 6.75625% for the period
from July 17, 2000 through August 14, 2000.


(vi) The  Deposited  Assets are rated AAA by Standard & Poors and Aaa by Moody's
Investors Service .


E2-1





(vii) The Eligible  Investments  held by the Issuer as of the  Distribtion  Date
were as follows:

None.


(viii) The PSA Index Rate  determined with respect to the  Distribution  Date by
Westdeutsche Landesbank Girozentrale, as Swap Counterparty is 712.


(ix)  The  aggregate   outstanding   principal   balance  of,   Notional  Amount
attributable to and the Current Factor applicable to each class of Securities as
of the close of business on the Distribution Date were as follows:








                         Fixed Rate Notes, Class A    Floating Rate Certificates
                                                        Class B

Aggregate Outstanding    $36,641,000.00               $8,577,000.00
Principal Balance        $36,641,000.00               $8,577,000.00

Notional Amount          $36,641,000.00               $8,577,000.00

Current Factor           .1038                        .7855









U.S. Bank Trust National Association, as Administrator




E2-2

























 



 AllianceBernstein L.P. Completes Purchase of W.P. Stewart & Co., Ltd. 
         










    










 






 











 









AllianceBernstein L.P. Completes Purchase of W.P. Stewart & Co., Ltd.

		  Deal Brings Strong Track Records in Complementary Concentrated Growth Equity Strategies
		

Dec 12, 2013, 17:00 ET
		  		  						
						 from   AllianceBernstein L.P. 











 
















































 

 




















 


NEW YORK, Dec. 12, 2013 /PRNewswire/ -- AllianceBernstein L.P. (AllianceBernstein), a global investment management firm with $447 billion in assets under management as of November 30, 2013, announced today that it has completed the acquisition of W.P. Stewart & Co., Ltd. (Pink Sheets:   WPSL), an equity manager with approximately $2 billion in assets under management in U.S., Global and EAFE concentrated growth equity strategies for institutional and retail clients at closing. 
W.P. Stewart's Head of Concentrated U.S. Growth, James T. Tierney, Jr., and Head of Concentrated Global Growth, Mark Phelps, and their teams will remain in place and continue managing their investment services as they have in the past. 
As previously disclosed, in exchange for each share of W.P. Stewart common stock, AllianceBernstein is paying W.P. Stewart shareholders $12 per share in cash and issuing one transferable contingent value right entitling the holders to an additional cash payment of $4 per share if the assets under management in the acquired W.P. Stewart investment services reach $5 billion on or before the third anniversary of the closing. 
About AllianceBernstein
AllianceBernstein is a leading global investment management firm that offers high-quality research and diversified investment services to institutional investors, individuals and private clients in major world markets. 
At September 30, 2013, AllianceBernstein Holding L.P. owned approximately 34.8% of the issued and outstanding AllianceBernstein Units and AXA, one of the largest global financial services organizations, owned an approximate 64.6% economic interest in AllianceBernstein.
Additional information about AllianceBernstein may be found on our website, www.alliancebernstein.com. 
 SOURCE  AllianceBernstein L.P.  

RELATED LINKS
http://www.alliancebernstein.com



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  











Dec 26, 2013, 16:06 ET
Preview: AllianceBernstein Closed-End Funds Announce Distribution Rates













Nov 25, 2013, 16:06 ET
Preview: AllianceBernstein Closed-End Funds Announce Distribution Rates






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Read More





Apr 24, 2017, 16:06 ET
AllianceBernstein Closed-End Funds Announce Distribution Rates








Apr 24, 2017, 16:06 ET
AllianceBernstein Closed-End Funds Announce Distribution Rates








Apr 24, 2017, 16:06 ET
AllianceBernstein Closed-End Funds Announce Distribution Rates











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 

W.P. Stewart & Co., Ltd.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 1:03 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of W.P. Stewart & Co., Ltd.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
WP Stewart & Co., Ltd is a privately owned investment manager. The firm provides its services primarily to high net-worth individuals. It also caters to pension and profit sharing plans, pooled investment vehicles, and endowments and foundations. The firm manages separate client-focused equity portfolios. It also launches and manages equity mutual funds for its clients. The firm invests in public equity markets across the globe. It employs a fundamental analysis to create its portfolios. The firm benchmarks the performance of its equity portfolio against indexes such as S&P 500 and MSCI World Index. It conducts in-house research to make its investments. WP Stewart & Co., Ltd. was founded in ...
WP Stewart & Co., Ltd is a privately owned investment manager. The firm provides its services primarily to high net-worth individuals. It also caters to pension and profit sharing plans, pooled investment vehicles, and endowments and foundations. The firm manages separate client-focused equity portfolios. It also launches and manages equity mutual funds for its clients. The firm invests in public equity markets across the globe. It employs a fundamental analysis to create its portfolios. The firm benchmarks the performance of its equity portfolio against indexes such as S&P 500 and MSCI World Index. It conducts in-house research to make its investments. WP Stewart & Co., Ltd. was founded in 1975 and is based in Hamilton, Bermuda with additional offices in Wanchai, Hong Kong; New York City; Luchthaven Schiphol, Netherlands, and Greater London, United Kingdom. As of December 12, 2013, W.P. Stewart & Co., Ltd. operates as a subsidiary of AllianceBernstein L.P.
Detailed Description


1345 Avenue of the AmericasNew York, NY 10105United StatesFounded in 1975



Phone: 212-969-1000

Fax: 212-969-2293








Key Executives for W.P. Stewart & Co., Ltd.




Mr. Michael Patrick Maquet


      	Chief Executive Officer
      








Mr. William Peirce Stewart


      	Founding Partner and Executive Chairman 
      


Age: 80
        







Mr. Robert Kahn


      	Senior Partner, Analyst and Portfolio Manager
      








Mr. Gregory W. Locraft Jr.


      	Senior Vice President
      








Mr. Seth Louis Pearlstein J.D.


      	General Counsel and Secretary
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact W.P. Stewart & Co., Ltd., please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













W.P. Stewart & Co. Ltd | Company Profile from Hoover’s - D&B Hoovers








































































Menu









Buy Reports & Lists
How It Works




United States
United Kingdom



(855) 891-0791


Login
















Company
People
Industry





Search D&B Hoovers: Company | People | Industry








Login





Avention OneSource is now D&B Hoovers. Login here for access to D&B Hoovers, D&B DataVision, D&B Business Browser and iSell
Login







For customers of Hoovers prior to March 1, 2017.
Login




















Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial








Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial




















Search the D&B Hoovers Database

Company

Company
People
Industry

















Home
                >Company Information
                >Company Search
                >Company Overview - Profile


















Company Profile


Information For


Sales Preparation


Competition


Revenue & Financial


Available Products


Company Report


Asset Management Industry Report


Finance and Insurance Sector Industry Report

















W.P. Stewart & Co. LtdCompany Information

Trinity HallHamilton, Bermudanull †

Top 3 Competitors

AFFILIATED MANAGERS GROUP, INC.
Nwq Investment Management Company, LLC
Metropolitan West Asset Management, LLC



Unlock more access to Hoover’s!

Build customized email lists 24/7, based on your best customer profile.
Learn more about the companies you want to sell to. Hoover’s has reports on 85+ million companies and 900 industries. 65,000 data points are updated each day. 
Get real insight written by real people – exclusive research and reviews by our in-house Editorial staff.
We can deliver our data to your desktop, to Excel, direct to your CRM, into your custom app, or via mobile. 


Request Your Free Trial

Call (866) 473-3932 today to get started with a FREE TRIAL!
 



 

W.P. Stewart & Co. Ltd Company Profile

   W.P. Stewart & Co. plies its trade in Bermuda, and that's the short version of it. The company also has operations in North America, Europe, and Asia, offering asset management services for affluent individuals, foundations, private business, and other institutional investors. The firm has nearly $3 billion of assets under management. W.P. Stewart & Co. invests the assets under its control primarily in large, non-cyclical businesses, focusing on five-year investment plans. New York-based hedge fund Arrow Capital Management purchased a 45% stake in the company in 2008.
  
† Some telephone numbers on the Hoover’s site may be on a country’s do not call or do not contact list including, but not limited to, the United Kingdom’s CTPS or TPS registers. It is a legal requirement that companies do not make sales or marketing calls to registered numbers. These are central opt out registers whereby corporate subscribers and individuals can register their preference not to receive unsolicited sales and marketing telephone calls. By using the information provided on the Hoover’s sites, as the direct marketer you represent and warrant that you will use such information in compliance with all applicable local, state, national or international laws and regulations, including any local do not call registers or marketing regulations, and agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Dun & Bradstreet and each of its affiliates in the event your use violates such laws and regulations.

Additional W.P. Stewart & Co. Ltd Information

Sales Preparation

Get relevant industry context to prepare for your next sales call – trends, competitors, news, call prep questions, and more.



Strategy & Planning

Identify new market opportunities and new strategies for existing markets.



Credit Management & Finance

Determine and track a company’s financial condition.




Related Tags

Hamilton, Bermuda
Custodial & Trust Services
Asset Management
Finance & Insurance Sector







































FREE Alerts to Changes in Your D&B® Credit Scores!* Sign Up.
Get CreditSignal® for FREE!*












Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days! Get Started.
Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days























STEWART W P & CO LTD Performance






























































 

STEWART W P & CO LTD


@wp_stewart_co_hf

		https://www.abglobal.com/Microsites/ABI/pub/wps/wpsAB.htm	










13753459


William Stewart established W.P. Stewart & Co. in 1975. He previously held various senior positions at Riter, Pyne, Kendall & Hollister. The fund invests in public equity markets across the globe using a long/short investment strategy....see more This WalletHub account reflects the returns an investor would earn by replicating STEWART W P & CO LTD's disclosed trades at the time they are made public.  Public filings do not include data about all of STEWART W P & CO LTD’s trades, so the simulated performance is not indicative of the fund's actual performance.


Performance









30 days
60 days
90 days




STEWART W P & CO LTD
N/A
N/A
N/A


S&P 500 ETF
N/A
N/A
N/A


STEWART W P & CO LTD vs S&P 500 ETF

N/A


N/A


N/A








Risk







Min
Med
Max


Note: The risk percentage is based on the Value at Risk metric





Portfolio

                Visibility:
                                






Stock Value........................$ 0.00










Symbol
Name
# of Shares
Stock Price
Market Value
% of Portfolio










Latest Transactions







Date
Type
Symbol
Name
#of Shares
Transaction Price
Transaction Value




01/22/14
other





12/23/13
other





09/27/13
other





05/14/13
other
MHP
MCGRAW HILL COS INC
Changed its ticker symbol from (MHP) to (MHFI)


05/23/11
other





02/28/11
other
MFE
MCAFEE INC
Acquired by INTEL CORP (INTC) for $48.00 per share


12/22/09
other
CMGBWI
CHIPOTLE MEXICAN GRILL INC
Acquired by CHIPOTLE MEXICAN GRILL INC (CMG) for [1.0 shares] of CMG per share of CMGBWI


10/16/09
other
WYE
WYETH
Acquired by PFIZER INC (PFE) for $ and $ shares of PFE per share of WYE






 







Follow


1 Followers


0 Following




Share or Get your friends opinion about STEWART W P & CO LTD








Information on this page is provided 'as is' and solely for informational purposes, not for any other purpose or advice. In addition, this information does not originate from us and thus, we do not guarantee its accuracy.
You can check the profile page of each professional or company to determine whether they are a paying advertiser (indicated by the word "sponsored"). Regardless of advertiser status, none of the listings, reviews, or other information on Wallet Hub constitutes, in any way, a referral or endorsement by us of the respective financial company or professional, or vice versa. Furthermore, it is important to note that the inclusion of a financial company or professional on Wallet Hub does not necessarily indicate their involvement with the site or control over the information that we display.  Information is displayed first and foremost for the benefit of consumers.



report abuse












GET YOUR FREE CREDIT SCORE & REPORT 

Join WalletHub
+ 100% FREE
+ Unlimited Credit Reports
+ Unlimited Credit Scores
+ Credit Monitoring Protection
+ Credit Improvement Tips
+ Automatically Finds Savings

SIGN UP FOR FREE
No credit card needed




































STEWART W P & CO LTD (WPL) IPO - NASDAQ.com


































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search






















Home > 
    Markets > 
    IPOs  > 
    Company IPO Overview





STEWART W P & CO LTD (WPL) IPO




Overview




News Headlines




Financials & Filings




Experts















Key Data
Use of Proceeds
Competitors




Company Overview


Company Name
STEWART W P &amp; CO LTD


Company Address
1345 AVE OF THE AMERICASNEW YORK, NY 10105


Company Phone
2129691000


Company Website
 -- 


CEO
William P. Stewart


Employees  (as of 9/1/2000) 
82


State of Inc
DE


Fiscal Year End
12/31


Status
Priced (12/8/2000)


Proposed Symbol
WPL


Exchange
New York Stock Exchange


Share Price
$20.00


Shares Offered
11,200,000


Offer Amount
$224,000,000.00


Total Expenses
$6,200,000.00


Shares Over Alloted
0


Shareholder Shares Offered
 -- 


Shares Outstanding
47,319,618


Lockup Period (days)
180


Lockup Expiration
6/6/2001


Quiet Period Expiration
1/2/2001


CIK
0000750443




All of the common shares offered are being sold by the selling shareholders 
identified in this prospectus. W.P. Stewart & Co., Ltd. will not receive any 
of the proceeds from the sale of the common shares. After the offerings are 
completed, the selling shareholders, current and former employees and directors
and other affiliates of W.P. Stewart & Co., Ltd. will own approximately 76% of
the issued common shares of W.P. Stewart & Co., Ltd.


We believe that currently only a limited number of companies with a similar
investment philosophy and practice compete directly with us in our core business
of providing wealth management services to the upper tier of the wealth
management market. However, the investment management business in general is
intensely competitive. In providing investment management services, we compete
with a large number of asset management firms as well as broker-dealers, trust
companies, commercial banks and other specialized wealth management providers.
Our future growth and profitability will be affected by our ability to retain
and increase our market share, which could be adversely affected over the longer
term as competitors seek to develop high net-worth relationships. Many of our
current and potential competitors are significantly larger in terms of capital,
assets, geographic presence, distribution network and
other important business criteria, provide a wider range of services and may
have access to greater financial resources than the Stewart Group.


Company Description
OVERVIEW

     The Stewart Group offers research-intensive equity investment management
services worldwide. Central to our success are three interdependent competitive
strengths -- culture, investment methodology and performance record. We foster
team effort, collaboration and a comprehensive focus


 on achieving superior
portfolio performance. The long-term commitment between the Stewart Group and
our employees is evidenced by our performance-based compensation policies,
employee stock ownership and the tenure of our employees. The culture is a key
factor in our ability to implement, over an extended period of time, an
investment methodology that requires intense, shared, continuous research and
debate.

     These elements have contributed to a 24.3% compound annual return (before
fees) for client accounts over the 25 years from January 1, 1975 to December 31,
1999. See "-- Historical Performance Record".

     While investment performance is our primary focus, asset gathering is also
important to our business. We have developed mutually beneficial relationships
with select institutions and individuals to accumulate new assets. We will
continue to cultivate long-term relationships with our current network of
marketers and to establish relationships with additional marketers for
additional asset gathering.

     Finally, we intend to continue to pursue a global strategy, both in our
research effort and in the expansion of our client base.

COMPETITIVE STRENGTHS


     We believe we have a franchise, culture, long-term historical performance
record and investment methodology that position us well to continue to compete
in the global wealth management business. We have built a business model we
believe is unique and have developed and successfully implemented our
disciplined investment philosophy over the past 25 years. Our experienced
investment team consists of 18 investment analyst/portfolio managers with an
average of more than 15 years of experience in the industry. Eleven of our
analyst/portfolio managers have worked at the Stewart Group for five years or
longer. With six offices around the world and a selective network of marketing
relationships in more than 10 countries, we have established an international
presence and offer services to a broad range of high net-worth individuals and
institutions throughout the world.


  CULTURE


     We place great emphasis on teamwork and client service. Cooperation is
reinforced through a profit sharing plan and equity ownership by every employee.
All employee compensation is based solely on a percentage of the firm's annual
operating profits; our policy is not to pay fixed salaries or to guarantee
compensation. Every employee owns common shares of W.P. Stewart & Co., Ltd.,
which have been accumulated through voluntary personal investments. Immediately
after the offerings, individuals who are our current and former employees and
directors and affiliates of us and such individuals will own approximately 76%
of our outstanding common shares. As a policy, we neither grant options nor
issue shares to employees without consideration. We intend to continue our
performance-based compensation practice and to reserve annually up to 1% of our
outstanding common shares for purchase by our employees. All employee stock
purchases have been, and will continue to be, subject to seven year vesting.
Because of the seven year vesting, employee stock purchases will be made at
prices which represent fair value but which will be below the current market
price. It is our present intention to continue to make available common shares
for purchase by our employees in proportion to their



relative contributions to the Stewart Group. See "Management -- Compensation of
Directors and Officers".

     We believe that a key to our continued success is our highly motivated team
of experienced investment professionals. Each acts in the dual role of analyst
and portfolio manager, with every investment portfolio handled by an individual
manager, backed up by at least one other manager to provide continuity and
stability. The group of analyst/portfolio managers is relatively small, a
structure we intend to maintain. The investment professionals meet regularly and
are able to interact quickly, informally and effectively.

     All of our investment professionals share a common commitment to both the
demanding standards required to invest only in the world's best companies and
the discipline of our appraisal process. All of them have a record of successful
investing, and most of them have either known each other or worked closely
together for many years. Their investment performance and tenure show them to be
a complementary and effective team.

  LONG-TERM PERFORMANCE RECORD


     During the 25-year period from January 1, 1975 through September 30, 2000,
we experienced a 23.5% compound annual return, before fees, and a 22.2% compound
annual return, after fees and expenses, compared to a 16.6% return for the S&P
500 Index for the same period. See "-- Historical Performance Record". The year
ended December 31, 1993 was the only year since our inception that we
experienced negative performance. We believe that our long-term record and
strong investment returns provide an advantage in our efforts to accumulate
assets through strategic marketing relationships, client referrals and increases
to existing client mandates. As a result of retained investment gains as well as
the contribution of new funds by existing and new clients, our assets under
management have grown at a compound annual rate of approximately 28.0% during
the period from December 31, 1995 to December 31, 1999.


  INVESTMENT METHODOLOGY

     Our investment professionals focus on one objective -- providing our
advisory clients with well above-average investment returns over a long period
of time, while accepting what we believe to be below-average risk. In making
investments, the investment team focuses on a five-year investment horizon and
does not engage in market timing. We believe that our investment research is
distinguished by its intensity. Our analysts/portfolio managers do their own
research on companies they select, and on many they do not select, and derive
investment research information from a variety of sources, both external and
internal. Our analysts visit these companies regularly, contact managements
frequently, talk to competitors, customers and suppliers, and draw upon other
diverse sources of information. While one analyst has the primary responsibility
for each company (generally four to six companies per analyst), information is
also gathered by other analysts and is shared among all investment
professionals.

     Because we consider ourself a long-term investor, the investment
professionals prepare detailed five-year projections for all investment
prospects and investments. These forecasts and the related appraisal of fair
current value for each company under review are used to determine what we
believe to be the intrinsic value of that company and are a critical tool in
developing a comprehensive and detailed evaluation of a company's business. This
appraisal technique systematically examines numerous factors, such as the
company's growth prospects, business and product line strength, management
capabilities, financial resources and many others. The purpose of this appraisal
technique is to evaluate the investment potential and to assess the related risk
of companies under review. Our goal is to construct portfolios of great
businesses, rather than portfolios of stocks. As a result, we consider each
client's portfolio to be a quasi-holding company.


     The purpose of our thorough investment appraisal process is to concentrate
our clients' investments only in those businesses that appear to offer the
greatest long-term appreciation potential. The five-year forecasts, and the
appraisals for companies under review, are refined frequently as our investment
professionals update their research. This consistent coverage allows our
investment professionals to act decisively when changes in price and
circumstances occur.


     At any given time, few businesses meet our standards. Accordingly, our
worldwide investment universe has historically been limited to fewer than 50
investment candidates from each of the United States, Europe, Japan and
Asia-ex-Japan, which are selected based upon a consensus of our investment team.
This has allowed us to concentrate our clients' investments in a portfolio
typically of 20 companies that appear to offer the greatest long-term
appreciation potential. The businesses in which we invest normally increase
profits every year. These businesses normally achieve cumulative earnings growth
at a rate we expect will approximately double earning power behind a client's
portfolio every five years. We believe that this pattern of consistent, fairly
rapid, earnings growth has been the primary driver behind the improving value of
our clients' portfolios and the growth of our business over the years.


     Using thorough analysis and intensive research, we select investment
candidates based in part on the following criteria:

          - a proven track record of consistent profit growth;

          - strong financial condition;

          - predictable earnings growth that we believe will continue for the
            next five years and beyond;

          - accurate and reliable information that is readily available;

          - successful, experienced management that is accessible to our
            investment team;

          - strong product lines and competitive position, preferably with
            worldwide presence;

          - lack of cyclicality; and

          - large market capitalization and significant trading liquidity.

     The determination of whether a particular investment prospect is eligible
for inclusion in our investment universe is the result of a collective,
debate-driven process that actively involves all members of our investment team
and reflects their collective research and analytical judgment and experience.
While the entire investment team contributes to the research and appraisal
process, each member has the freedom and responsibility to make investment
decisions with respect to specific client accounts within the confines of the
defined universe.

BUSINESS STRATEGY

     Our business strategy is to continue to provide premier equity investment
management services on a worldwide basis. We believe that our pursuit of a more
global clientele will lead to continued growth in our assets under management
and our revenues, and that both new and existing clients will benefit from our
increased focus on international research and stock selection. We intend to
adhere to the distinctive and disciplined investment philosophy which we have
pursued over our 25-year history. In addition, we believe that a culture of
ownership and compensation for performance will be a key element for our
continued growth and future success and aligns the interests of our clients,
employees and stockholders.

  EXTEND INVESTMENT PERFORMANCE

     Central to our strategy is our objective to achieve above-average
investment returns over a long period of time for our clients while accepting
what we believe to be below-average risk. We intend to adhere, in expanding and
contracting markets alike, without regard to "benchmarks", to a philosophy that
emphasizes investment over a relatively long-term horizon in what we believe are
high quality, steadily-growing businesses. We intend to remain focused on
investment

performance while using our network of symbiotic marketers as the primary means
to gather assets.

  INCREASE GLOBAL RESEARCH FOCUS

     We want our clients to own equity in the finest growing businesses in the
world. We believe that having a global integrated research capability is a
critical element in providing the best investment product. We also believe that
the introduction of the euro in the European monetary union will lead to an
improvement in the quality and availability of financial information and a more
consistent basis for comparing European companies with competitors inside and
outside their home countries. As the universe of high quality companies expands
globally, we intend to maintain a research effort parallel with the growing
investment opportunities. This global research capability will also allow us to
meet particular client needs to the extent that they express any regional or
national preferences. The establishment of W.P. Stewart & Co. (Europe), Ltd. and
the increase in our ownership in Bowen Asia Limited, a British Virgin Islands
company operating in Hong Kong, have enabled us to expand our non-U.S. research
capability.

  PURSUE GLOBAL CLIENTELE

     We believe that our services and performance have been well-received by
clients throughout the world and that there exists significant opportunity to
expand our clientele internationally, especially in Europe. We believe that
non-U.S. investors are generally under-invested in equity securities and will
look to established professionals like the Stewart Group to invest their wealth.
The introduction of the euro will minimize currency risk within Europe and
should reduce the resulting tendency of Europe-based investors to consider
domicile an important factor in equity investing. As part of our strategy to
exploit this opportunity, our acquisition of NS Money Management Ltd. and our
establishment of W.P. Stewart & Co. (Europe), Ltd. have increased our access to
a broader Europe-based clientele and provide us with a Europe-based investment
management team, which we expect to expand over the next five years. Also, we
have established and expanded our relationships with our symbiotic marketers,
including TPR & Partners N.V., TPR Curacao N.V., First Long Island Investors,
LLC and the Notz Stucki group of companies, who are shareholders of the Stewart
Group. We expect that TPR & Partners N.V., TPR Curacao N.V., the Notz Stucki
group of companies and First Long Island Investors, LLC will continue to
introduce new clients to us.


INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT TEAM


     Our highly experienced and motivated team of investment professionals has
been critical to our strong long-term investment performance. We have 18 senior
investment professionals and 20 associate portfolio managers who directly
participate in the investment process. The following table identifies the senior
investment professionals and summarizes their experience in the industry:



                                                                    YEARS IN    YEARS WITH
                    NAME                        LOCATION     AGE    INDUSTRY     COMPANY
John A. Allison..............................  Bermuda       51        17            5
David Altman.................................  New York      43        19            7
Marilyn G. Breslow...........................  New York      56        16           10
Samantha Epstein-Smith.......................  New York      32         8            2
Alexander Farman-Farmaian....................  Bermuda       35        12           12
Alexandra V.C. Harries.......................  London        32        11            1
Peter H. Jennison............................  New York      40        15           11
Frans Jurgens................................  London        31         9            3
Robert Kahn..................................  New York      68        40           25
Celina Lin...................................  Hong Kong     41        11            5*
Miguel Nogales...............................  London        26         4            1
Robert L. Rohn...............................  New York      39        12            9
Harry W. Segalas.............................  New York      40        18           10
Lisa M. Stewart..............................  Hong Kong     42        17            6*
William P. Stewart...........................  Bermuda       63        45           25
Alexandre Stucki.............................  London        27         4            3
Naoko Takemura...............................  Hong Kong     38        15            3*
James T. Tierney.............................  New York      33        12            1


* Includes years with Bowen Asia Limited.

     Two of our former portfolio managers, who have each been with us
approximately 10 years, recently announced their intention to leave the Stewart
Group on amicable terms to pursue other interests. Following their departures
and after the offerings, these two managers will continue to own, directly and
indirectly, an aggregate of approximately 5.1% of our shares. The former
portfolio managers, who will continue to be our employees until November 30,
2000, are restricted by the terms of their employment agreements from, prior to
December 1, 2001, engaging in business with our clients or encouraging or
soliciting any of our employees to resign or become affiliated with a competitor
in which the former portfolio manager has an interest. The two former portfolio
managers are assisting us to ensure that their exit, and the transition of the
accounts for which they were responsible to other portfolio managers within our
firm, are accomplished in a manner which minimizes any disruption to our clients
and our business. While these two former portfolio managers were responsible for
servicing a significant number of accounts, as all of our portfolio managers
share a common commitment to the Stewart Group's investment philosophy and
methodology, we do not believe that these events will result in a material
change in assets under management. Although there can be no assurance that the
current departures will not result in the closure of client accounts, we are
handling these departures and the associated account transitions in a manner
which is substantially similar to the departures of previous portfolio managers
who also were responsible for servicing a significant number of accounts, which
departures did not result in a material loss of client accounts.


HISTORICAL PERFORMANCE RECORD

     JANUARY 1, 1975-OCTOBER 31, 2000 PERFORMANCE


     We have achieved a 23.5% compound annual return before fees, and a 22.2%
compound annual return after fees for the period from January 1, 1975 through
September 30, 2000. This compares to a 16.6% return of the S&P 500 Index over
the same period computed on a comparable basis. Our compound annualized returns
for the five and ten years ended September 30, 2000, before fees, were 22.8% and
21.0%, respectively, as compared to 21.7% and 19.4%, respectively, for the S&P
500 during the same periods. Our compound annualized returns for the five and
ten years ended September 30, 2000, after fees, were 21.5% and 19.7%,
respectively. Our year-to-date return through October 31, 2000, before fees, was
4.5% as compared to a negative return of 1.8% for the S&P 500 during the same
period. Our year-to-date return through October 31, 2000, after fees, was 3.4%.
We believe our superior investment results over long time periods are due
largely to our strict adherence to a consistent long-term investment philosophy.



     We believe that our concentration in less cyclical businesses reduces risk
relative to the S&P 500 Index. In the three down market years experienced since
our formation (1977, 1981 and 1990), the S&P 500 Index declined by approximately
7.4%, 5.0% and 3.1%, respectively. In those years, accounts managed by us
appreciated by approximately 16.0%, 10.8% and 13.2%, respectively, before fees,
as calculated in the manner described below. See "-- Method of Performance
Calculation".


     The chart below illustrates our annual return in client accounts from
January 1, 1975 through October 31, 2000. See "-- Method of Performance
Calculation".

                          MANAGED ACCOUNTS VS. S&P 500

                                                         S&P 500                   WPS PRE-FEE                WPS POST-FEE
October 31, 2000                                          5161                        23922                       18369


     EXAMINATION OF PERFORMANCE RECORD


     Our independent accountants, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, have performed an
examination of our performance record for the period January 1, 1989 through
September 30, 2000, including the three, five and ten year periods ended
September 30, 2000. Their report is attached to this prospectus as Annex 1.


     METHOD OF PERFORMANCE CALCULATION


     ACCOUNT INCLUSION.  Our performance data, since 1989, reflects the
performance of all client equity accounts having at least $1 million in market
value as of January 1 of each year for which W.P. Stewart & Co., Ltd. (including
its U.S. predecessor company) and W.P. Stewart Asset Management Ltd., our
Bermuda-based investment adviser subsidiary, acted with complete discretionary
authority. With respect to periods prior to 1989, the data reflects performance
of a group of accounts believed by management to be representative of all fully
discretionary client equity accounts. If the criteria for account inclusion
since 1989 had been applied for periods prior to 1989, there is no assurance
that the results would be consistent, although we believe the results would not
be materially different. The accounts included for the period from January 1,
1975 through September 30, 2000 are referred to as the "composite" or the
"managed accounts".


     In the case of one portfolio manager who joined the Stewart Group as of
1981, the performance data includes the performance of portfolios managed by him
at a different firm during the period 1975 through 1980 using an investment
philosophy similar to that practiced by us at the time. The effect of this
inclusion is to increase the compound annual return since inception by
approximately one-tenth of one percentage point.

     The managed accounts exclude one portfolio manager's 1977 performance data,
in compliance with certain Advisers Act requirements. The performance return
excluding this data is substantially the same as the performance return would
have been if such data had been included.

     PERFORMANCE CALCULATION.  Beginning in 1989, performance figures for the
managed accounts have been calculated using a "time-weighted" rate of return
method, such that additions and withdrawals of capital are weighted based on the
amount of time such capital is held in the account during the period. The annual
performance of an account is derived by linking the periodic rates of return for
such account. Prior to 1989, performance figures were calculated using a linear
non-weighted method, such that beginning of year market values were adjusted to
reflect additions and withdrawals of capital during the year.

     For 1975 through 1988, the annual performance of the managed accounts is
the average of the average performance of the individual managers' portfolios.
Beginning in 1989, the annual performance is the average of all accounts in the
composite. For 1975 through 1992, accounts are given equal weighting regardless
of market value. Beginning in 1993, account performance has been asset-weighted
based on the beginning of year market value of all accounts in the composite.

     The pre-fee performance of our accounts for all years shown on the chart
reflects the deduction of brokerage commissions but not the deduction of
advisory fees which would reduce the overall return. The post-fee performance of
our accounts for all years shown reflects the deduction of brokerage commissions
as well as advisory fees.

     EFFECT OF ADVISORY FEES.  After 1983, the post-fee performance of our
accounts reflects the deduction of the actual advisory fees charged each account
in the composite, adjusted for the effect of capital additions and withdrawals.
For the period 1975 through 1983, we have used the actual fee rates or the
highest fee rates then prevailing.


     From 1975 through 1988, advisory fees were deducted from performance at the
end of each year. If fees had been deducted from performance on a quarterly
basis when charged, the return since inception would have been decreased by
approximately one-tenth of one percentage point.


     S&P 500.  The S&P 500 Index annual change shown in the chart relating to
our 1975 through September 30, 2000 performance includes the reinvestment of
dividend income, using a methodology similar to that used for our accounts. It
does not reflect the deduction of any transaction or custodial costs that would
be involved in investing in the S&P 500. The effect of these costs would be to
reduce the indicated return from 1975 through September 30, 2000 for the S&P 500
by an undetermined amount. The S&P 500 Index annual percentage change was
obtained from the Standard & Poor's Corporation, New York, New York.


ASSETS UNDER MANAGEMENT


     The following table shows assets under management during the period from
January 1, 1997 through September 30, 2000. Changes between beginning and ending
assets under management include: capital appreciation, net contributions and net
new accounts opened/closed.


                            ASSETS UNDER MANAGEMENT


                                                                            YEAR ENDED
                                   THREE MONTH PERIOD ENDED                DECEMBER 31,
                             SEPTEMBER 30,   JUNE 30,   MARCH 31,
Beginning Assets Under
  Management...............     $11,643      $11,586     $12,255    $11,157   $ 8,562   $ 6,396
Ending Assets Under
  Management...............     $10,791      $11,643     $11,586    $12,255   $11,157   $ 8,562


     The table below illustrates net flows of assets under management which
include: changes in net contributions and net new accounts opened/closed. The
table excludes total capital appreciation in assets under management with the
exception of the amount attributable to withdrawals and accounts closed.

                      NET FLOWS OF ASSETS UNDER MANAGEMENT


                                                                            YEAR ENDED
                                 THREE MONTH PERIOD ENDED(1)               DECEMBER 31,
                             SEPTEMBER 30,   JUNE 30,   MARCH 31,
Existing Accounts
Contributions..............      $ 206        $ 185       $ 188     $   814   $ 1,007   $   747
Withdrawals................       (287)        (341)       (432)     (1,345)   (1,426)   (1,086)
  Net Flows to Existing
     Accounts..............        (81)        (156)       (244)       (531)     (419)     (339)
Accounts Opened............         73           54          62         859       552       437
Accounts Closed............       (168)        (173)       (464)       (259)      (57)      (65)
Net Flows of Assets Under
  Management...............      $(176)       $(275)      $(646)    $    69   $    76   $    33




(1)Net flows of assets under management during the first nine months of 2000
   reflect a declining rate of account closures and withdrawals. While our
   method of recording account closures and withdrawals may affect the
   particular quarter in which a closure or withdrawal is reflected, we do not
   believe that timing or recordation differences, in the aggregate, would
   materially affect the trend demonstrated .



The following table shows our record since 1997 for retaining client accounts.

                               ACCOUNT RETENTION


                                                                            YEAR ENDED
                                      THREE MONTH PERIOD ENDED             DECEMBER 31,
                                SEPTEMBER 30,   JUNE 30,   MARCH 31,
Number of Accounts at
  Beginning of Period.........      2,351        2,350       2,383     1,980   1,598   1,320
Number of Accounts Closed
  During Period...............         40           36         102        98      43      47
Retention Rate................       93.2%*       93.9%*      82.9%*    95.1%   97.3%   96.4%


* Calculated on an annualized basis.

CLIENT BASE


     Our client base is diverse. Approximately 59.5% of our assets under
management, and 83.1% of our accounts, as of September 30, 2000, were associated
with high net-worth individuals and their affiliates. As of September 30, 2000,
approximately 22.3% of our assets under management were contributed by non-U.S.
clients. The following tables set forth information regarding our client base
and how our assets under management have grown over time.



     The following tables show, as of September 30, 2000, December 31, 1999,
1998 and 1997, the amount of assets under management in direct relationship
client accounts and in consultant related client accounts, and the number of
accounts by relationship type.


                            ASSETS UNDER MANAGEMENT
                              BY RELATIONSHIP TYPE


                                                 AS OF
                                             SEPTEMBER 30,          AS OF DECEMBER 31,
                                                             (IN MILLIONS)
Direct Relationship........................     $ 9,787        $11,061    $10,135    $7,645
Consultant Related.........................       1,005          1,194      1,022       917
          Total............................     $10,792        $12,255    $11,157    $8,562



     The value of direct relationship accounts referred by our symbiotic
marketers as of September 30, 2000, December 31, 1999, 1998 and 1997 represented
32.2%, 36.7%, 32.7% and 31.2%, respectively, of our direct relationship accounts
as of such dates.


                               NUMBER OF ACCOUNTS
                              BY RELATIONSHIP TYPE


                                                       AS OF
                                                   SEPTEMBER 30,       AS OF DECEMBER 31,
Direct Relationship..............................      2,145         2,221    1,865    1,496
Consultant Related...............................        205           162      115      102
          Total..................................      2,350         2,383    1,980    1,598



     The following table shows our assets under management by client type.

                            ASSETS UNDER MANAGEMENT
                                 BY CLIENT TYPE


                                           ASSETS UNDER                  NUMBER OF
                                         MANAGEMENT AS OF              ACCOUNTS AS OF
                                        SEPTEMBER 30, 2000           SEPTEMBER 30, 2000
           CLIENT TYPE               U.S.    NON-U.S.    TOTAL    U.S.    NON-U.S.   TOTAL
                                           (IN MILLIONS)
High Net-Worth/Individual
  Relationships/Pooled Funds*.....  $4,503    $1,923    $ 6,426   1,761     192      1,953
Foundations & Other Relationship
  Directed Institutional..........   3,479       262      3,741     293      10        303
Other Institutional...............     407       218        625      51      43         94
Total.............................  $8,389    $2,403    $10,792   2,105     245      2,350



* Pooled funds have been included in High Net-Worth/Individual Relationships
  because the underlying clients of the pooled fund vehicles are high net worth
  individuals.

     The following table shows the amount of assets under management contributed
by U.S. and non-U.S. clients.

                            ASSETS UNDER MANAGEMENT
                             U.S./NON-U.S. CLIENTS


                                         AS OF SEPTEMBER 30,        AS OF DECEMBER 31,
                                                           (IN MILLIONS)
U.S. Clients...........................        $ 8,389         $ 9,591    $ 8,721    $6,920
Non-U.S. Clients.......................          2,403           2,664      2,436     1,642
Total..................................        $10,792         $12,255    $11,157    $8,562



INVESTMENT ADVISORY REVENUES


     Advisory fee revenues are generated from investment advisory contracts
between the Stewart Group and clients for whom we manage discretionary accounts.
These agreements are terminable at will by either party on short notice. Under
our current standard fee arrangement, we receive a management fee equal to 1.5%
per annum of the value of the client's account up to $25 million, plus 1.25% of
any account balance in excess of $25 million. Our standard fee arrangement is
non-negotiable. We do not typically offer fixed income investment management
services. Clients' funds held on a long-term basis in fixed income investments
($36 million at September 30, 2000) are subject to a 0.50% annual fee. Fees
under our investment advisory contracts are billed and are payable quarterly, in
advance. The following table shows the average annualized gross management fee,
including performance fees that apply to two accounts, as a percentage of assets
under management received by us from various segments of our client base during
the nine month period ended September 30, 2000 and during the year ended
December 31, 1999:



                                                            AVERAGE GROSS
                                                            MANAGEMENT FEE
                                                        AS A PERCENT OF ASSETS
                                                           UNDER MANAGEMENT
                                             NINE MONTH PERIOD ENDED       YEAR ENDED
CLIENT TYPE                                    SEPTEMBER 30, 2000       DECEMBER 31, 1999
Institutional..............................           1.14%                   1.12%
Non-Institutional..........................           1.32%                   1.37%
U.S. Clients...............................           1.26%                   1.25%
Non-U.S. Clients...........................           1.29%                   1.31%
Overall Weighted Average...................           1.26%                   1.31%



     The average percentage gross management fee, excluding performance fees,
was 1.28% and 1.29% for the nine month period ended September 30, 2000 and for
the year ended December 31, 1999, respectively. The average fee, in each case,
was less than our standard fee of 1.5% because a number of advisory contracts
were entered into prior to 1989, when we adopted our current fee arrangement,
and because account balances in excess of $25 million are subject to a lower
fee.


     Currently, each of our investment advisory contracts names either W.P.
Stewart & Co., Ltd. or W.P. Stewart Asset Management Ltd., our Bermuda-based
investment adviser subsidiary, as the investment adviser. These entities engage
W.P. Stewart & Co., Inc., Bowen Asia Limited or W.P. Stewart & Co. (Europe),
Ltd. to act as sub-adviser for certain accounts or mandates. Under written
sub-advisory agreements, the sub-adviser is entitled to receive from the named
investment advisory entity a fee which is comparable to fees charged by other
unrelated advisers for similar mandates. W.P. Stewart & Co., Inc. is the
investment adviser with respect to W.P. Stewart & Co. Growth Fund, Inc., a U.S.
registered mutual fund sponsored by the Stewart Group.

ASSET ACCUMULATION


     We have established relationships with a small number of symbiotic
marketers that refer portfolio management clients to us in return for a share of
the fees paid by such clients. Currently, two of our most significant symbiotic
marketers are First Long Island Investors, Inc. and TPR & Partners N.V. together
with its affiliate, TPR Curacao N.V. The TPR companies began referring
investment advisory clients to us in 1993. As of September 30, 2000, client
accounts referred to us by TPR & Partners N.V. and TPR Curacao N.V. had an
aggregate market value of




$982 million (representing 9.1% of our total assets under management). First
Long Island Investors, LLC and its affiliates, including First Long Island
Investors, Inc., which we recently acquired, began referring investment advisory
clients to us in 1983. As of September 30, 2000, client accounts referred to us
by First Long Island Investors, Inc. had an aggregate market value of $563
million (representing 5.2% of our total assets under management).


COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT FUNDS


     Mutual fund and pooled accounts are not a primary focus of the Stewart
Group or its future business strategy. Our U.S. mutual fund is used primarily to
efficiently invest smaller accounts. As of September 30, 2000, we also served as
investment adviser to 39 collective investment funds organized to meet the
fiscal and regulatory requirements of certain non-U.S. clients and to one U.S.
collective investment trust for non-U.S. clients, as well as one U.S. common
trust fund. The following table sets forth information regarding our collective
investment funds with assets under management in excess of $50 million as of
September 30, 2000:



                                                       JURISDICTION           ASSETS UNDER
FUND NAME                                              OF FORMATION            MANAGEMENT
                                                                              (IN MILLIONS)
W.P. Stewart Holdings, N.V. ....................  Netherlands Antilles            $431
HH Managed Account 3 Ltd. ......................  British Virgin Islands           194
Long Term Value Trust...........................  Austria                          119
DGC Global Fund.................................  Luxembourg                       100
Com Selection...................................  Luxembourg                       100
Nostar Investments Inc. ........................  Panama                            85
W.P. Stewart & Co. Growth Fund, Inc.............  United States                     78


CLEARING, CUSTODIAN AND BROKERAGE ARRANGEMENTS

     We do not hold any funds or securities of our clients. Clients' funds and
securities are held by custodians appointed either by the client or, if no
custodian is named by the client, by the Stewart Group. We currently utilize, on
a fully disclosed basis, the services of Neuberger Berman, LLC as clearing agent
and as custodian on accounts where the client makes no custodial designation. We
believe that our current relationship with Neuberger Berman, LLC is satisfactory
but believe that a comparable agreement with a different clearing agent and/or
custodian could be reached if necessary.

     Our investment advisory contracts authorize us to select the broker through
which any transaction may be executed and specifically authorize the use of our
affiliated broker-dealer, W.P. Stewart Securities Limited.


Full Description

The IPO profiles may contain historical records. Please visit the latest IPOs for the most recent information.




Company Financials



Revenue
$151,502,000


Net Income
$72,571,000


Total Assets
$96,318,000






Total Liabilities
$40,460,000


Stockholders' Equity
$55,858,000


View all Company Financials for WPL


Company Filings

                                    Viewing: 1 - 4 Total: 4
					            



Company Name
Form Type
Date Received
View



STEWART W P & CO LTD
424B4
12/8/2000
Filing



STEWART W P & CO LTD
F-1/A
12/6/2000
Filing



STEWART W P & CO LTD
F-1/A
11/21/2000
Filing



STEWART W P & CO LTD
F-1
11/7/2000
Filing



View all SEC Filings for WPL




Experts


Auditor
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP


Company Counsel
Appleby Spurling and Kempe


Transfer Agent
EquiServe Trust Company, N.A.


Underwriter
Bear, Stearns and Co. Inc


Underwriter
Goldman, Sachs & Co


Underwriter
Goldman, Sachs & Co.


Underwriter
Lazard Freres and Co. LLC


Underwriter
Salomon Smith Barney Inc


Underwriter Counsel
Conyers Dill and Pearman and O'Melveny and Myers LLP









News for WPL










 Subscribe


                More WPL News & Commentary



                Read WPL Press Releases

















Today's Market Activity





NASDAQ

6375.75


-6.44
 ▼ 
0.10%





DJIA

21790.63


-5.92
 ▼ 
0.03%





S&P 500

2469.20


-6.22
 ▼ 
0.25%










Data as of Jul 28, 2017 | 1:03PM


Try for Free: NASDAQ LiveQuotes Platform



View All















Latest News Headlines




                            KCAP Financial, Inc. to Report Second Quarter 2017 Financial Results on August 2nd 2017; Conference
                        



	                     1:00PM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                




                            Republican bid to gut Obamacare crashes in U.S. Senate
                        



	                    12:52PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            Nasdaq Welcomes Redfin (Nasdaq: RDFN) to The Nasdaq Stock Market
                        



	                    12:40PM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                




                            Regulator letter to railroad CSX highlights customer complaints
                        



	                    12:37PM ET  - Reuters
	                





View All Latest Headlines

















Upcoming Earnings



Company
Expected Report Date




AAPL
Jul 25, 2017


ODFL
Jul 27, 2017


FB
Jul 26, 2017


TSLA
Aug 2, 2017


T
Jul 20, 2017


AMZN
Jul 27, 2017


VZ
Jul 27, 2017


GE
Jul 21, 2017





Earnings Calendar


























CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX





































