









Stifel Richard G - Insider Stock Trading - OpenInsider











Sector

All Sectors

Group by Sector


Aerospace
Agriculture
Automobile
Building
Business Services
Chemical
Electrical
Energy
Fashion
Financial
Food & Beverage
Fund
Healthcare
Household
Insurance
Machinery
Media
Metals
Mining
Other
Personal Services
Real Estate
Retail
Technology
Telecom
Transportation
Utility




Industry

All Industries

Group by Industry






Insiders
Filings


All
Purchases
Sales

CIK: 1414732 - Address: 6501 E. Greenway Pkwy, #103-412, Scottsdale, AZ 85254 3 results 

						Links
						


SECYahooGoogleFinvizTradingViewStockChartsStockTwitsDownload CSV 













TC
Stat
Stk
Ins
Fil
+d
+w
+m
+q
+h
+y
avg







Filing Date
T Date
Ticker
IssuerInc Sector
IndIndustry
Owner
oSt
Rel
Title
T
TVal
Price
L
Qty
oc
Own
H
r2y
r1y
r6m
r3m
r6w
r3w
r7d
r3d
f1d
f1w
f1m
f3m
f6m
f1y



11/10/16 19:3911/10/16MYHIMountain High Acquisitions Corp.COElectrElcEqElectronic & Other ElectricalStifel Richard GAZDOCFOP30.001002,500999%2,750D
4/28/10 13:384/27/10BCTEBig Cat Energy CorpMiningGoldGold & Silver OresStifel Richard GWYOCFOS-50.20000-25-845D
11/12/09 11:4911/9/09SGOGSterling Oil & Gas CoNVEnergyOilDrlDrilling Oil & Gas WellsStifel Richard GWYOsecretarS-00.02100-10-1365D



DDerivative transaction in filing (usually option exercise)
MMultiple transactions in filing; earliest reported transaction date and weighted average transaction price
AAmended filing
EError detected in filing



S - SaleSale of securities on an exchange or to another person

S - Sale+OESale of securities on an exchange or to another person (after option exercise)

F - TaxPayment of exercise price or tax liability using portion of securities received from the company

P - PurchasePurchase of securities on an exchange or from another person


Return to top
Contact
Copyright © 2017 OpenInsider.com. All rights reserved.




    Richard Stifel | Mountain High Acquisitions Corp | ZoomInfo.com



Stifel | Individual Investors









































Stifel Access

Sign Up
Log In
Tour









Individual Investors












Home


Individual Investors

Tax Reporting Information
Annuities
Insurance
Mutual Funds
Exchange Traded Funds
Options
Bonds
Financial and Wealth Planning
Investment Advisory Services
Retirement Plans
Estate Planning
Stifel Cash Management Accounts
Corporate Executive Services
Stifel Bank & Trust
Stifel Trust
Stifel Mobile
Market News
Portfolio Tracker
Prospectus
Investor Communications
IPO Certification Form
















Stifel | Contact Us










































Stifel Access

Sign Up
Log In
Tour









Contact Us










Stifel Client Services


501 N. Broadway
St. Louis, MO 63102
(800) 679-5446
snclientserv@stifel.com
 

Hours of Operation
Monday - Friday 6:30am - 6:00pm CT
Saturday 9:00am - 2:00pm CT





Stifel Europe ContactsFind a Branch
 

Office Type

 Private Client Group 
 Capital Markets 
 Bank/Admin/Other



State
Please select
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming



Zip Code



Distance
20
50
100












Please note:

For security purposes, Stifel clients should not include the following in any e-mail correspondence with Stifel:

Account Numbers
Client Account Access User Names
Passwords
Social Security Numbers



In addition, Stifel cannot accept the following via e-mail:

Purchase or sale orders
Instructions for the transfer or disbursement of funds
Changes of address


Please contact your Financial Advisor regarding any of the above.




Other ways to find Stifel offices

Browse Private Client Group branch locations by state
Find a Stifel Financial Advisor
Stifel Investment Banking offices
Stifel Public Finance locations



















Stifel | Research - Institutions









































Stifel Access

Sign Up
Log In
Tour









Research









        Stifel’s Equity Research Group is a recognized leader with a deep and broad spectrum of coverage.  Our award-winning analysts are thought leaders, many with hands-on experience in their respective industries, offering objective, in-depth analysis and timely, actionable research ideas.
    
Research


1,718 global stocks under coverage

122 analysts across 12 sectors


Rankings



Largest U.S. equity research platform
Second largest provider of global small cap coverage
Fourth largest provider of global financial coverage

Top 10 provider of U.S. equity coverage in:

Consumer & Retail
Diversified Industrials
Healthcare
Internet & Media
Real Estate
Technology
Transportation




Awards

Thomson Reuters StarMine Analyst Awards:
Ranked #1 overall in 2016
Ranked in the top 10 for 10 consecutive years
Ranked fifth overall in total awards since 2004

            Coverage rankings are according to Thomson Reuters.  Figures and award rankings include Stifel affiliate Keefe, Bruyette & Woods (KBW) and other firms acquired by Stifel Financial Corp.
            About the Thomson Reuters StarMine Analyst Awards: Based on StarMine methodology, the Thomson Reuters StarMine Analyst Awards objectively measure the performance of analysts based on the returns of their buy/sell recommendations and the accuracy of their earnings estimates.  The 2016 stock picking awards for the United States are based on the 2016 calendar-year performance of recommendations.  The 2016 awards for estimating accuracy are based on quarterly periods that reported between 01 April 2015 and 31 March 2016.  (For most companies, this is FQ-Mar-2015, FQ-Jun-2015, FQ-Sep-2015, and FA-Dec-2015.)  Only analyst performance on companies that are based in the United States is included in the awards calculations.
        




Institutions


Research

Required Disclosures
European Research Policy
Institutional Client Login
























Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version
















Stifel | Find a Financial Advisor










































Stifel Access

Sign Up
Log In
Tour









Find a Financial Advisor










Find a Financial Advisor
 

Last Name



State
Please select
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming



Zip Code



Distance
20
50
100











Find a Branch
 

Office Type

 Private Client Group 
 Capital Markets 
 Bank/Admin/Other



State
Please select
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming



Zip Code



Distance
20
50
100











Private Client Group Branch Locations




Alabama

Auburn


Birmingham Corporate


Decatur, AL


Mobile


Mobile PCG


Montgomery, AL


Montgomery, AL PCG


Tuscaloosa



Arizona

Green Valley


Phoenix


Scottsdale


Tucson



Arkansas

Fort Smith, AR PCG


Little Rock, AR PCG



California

Auburn


Bakersfield


Bonsall


Carlsbad


Chico


Fort Jones


Fresno


Grass Valley


Irvine Spectrum


Lincoln


Los Angeles


Los Angeles PCG B


Monterey


Murrieta


Newport Beach


Oroville


Oxnard


Palm Desert


Paradise


Pasadena


Paso Robles


Redding


Redlands


Roseville


Del Mar


Rancho Bernardo


San Francisco


San Francisco PCG B


San Francisco TWP PCG


San Jose


San Juan Capistrano


San Luis Obispo


Santa Barbara


Santa Barbara South


Santa Rosa


Stockton CA


Visalia


Walnut Creek


Westlake Village



Colorado

Colorado Springs


Cherry Creek


Denver


Fort Collins


Glenwood Springs


Greeley


Greenwood Village


Pueblo



Connecticut

Hamden


Hartford


Madison


New London



Delaware

Greenville


Wilmington, DE



District of Columbia

Washington PCG



Florida

Boca Raton


Clearwater


Daytona Beach


Fort Myers


Fort Pierce


Gainesville


Jacksonville, FL


Melbourne


Miami PCG


Naples


Ocala


Palm Beach PCG Royal Palm Way


Palm Beach Garden


Pensacola


Ponte Vedra


Sarasota


Stuart


Tampa


Titusville


Vero Beach



Georgia

Atlanta


Atlanta, GA


Augusta


Columbus


Gainesville


LaGrange


Macon, GA


Savannah  - Landings


Savannah Downtown


Valdosta


Warner Robins



Hawaii

Honolulu


Maui



Idaho

Boise


Coeur d'Alene


Idaho Falls


Ketchum


Lewiston


Pocatello, ID



Illinois

Alton


Belleville


Chicago


Chicago PCG Wacker


Decatur


Edwardsville


Geneva


Jacksonville


Lake Forest


Mattoon


Orland Park


Quincy


Rockford


Springfield


Waterloo


Waterloo South





Indiana

Anderson


Crown Point


Elkhart


Evansville


Fort Wayne


Indianapolis


Indianapolis Downtown


Indianapolis North


Indianapolis NW


Lafayette, IN


Muncie, IN


South Bend


Zionsville, IN



Iowa

Ames


Atlantic


Mason City


Sioux City


Storm Lake


Waterloo






Kansas

Lawrence


Manhattan


Overland Park


Topeka


West Wichita


Wichita



Kentucky

Louisville


Shelbyville



Louisiana

Baton Rouge


New Orleans



Maryland

Baltimore


Bel Air


Bethesda


Cumberland


Frederick


Hunt Valley



Massachusetts

Boston


Boston, MA


Harwich


Hyannis


Longmeadow


Plymouth


Wellesley



Michigan

Ann Arbor


Fremont


Grand Haven


Grand Rapids


Grand Rapids Downtown


Grosse Pointe


Okemos


Port Huron


Portage


Shelby Township


Southfield


St. Joseph


Traverse City Center



Minnesota

Baxter


Golden Valley


Mankato


Minneapolis


New Ulm


Rochester


St. Cloud


Virginia


Walker


Wayzata



Mississippi

Columbus, MS


Gulfport


Meridian


Jackson


Tupelo, MS



Missouri

Cape Girardeau


Chesterfield


Chillicothe


Columbia


Frontenac


Jefferson City


Joplin


Kansas City


O'Fallon, MO


Rolla


Springfield


St. Joseph


Clayton (10th Floor)


Clayton (1st Floor)


Clayton (407)


St. Louis Headquarters


Sunset Hills



Montana

Billings


Bozeman


Great Falls


Kalispell



Nebraska

Lincoln


Omaha





Nevada

Reno



New Hampshire

New London


Portsmouth



New Jersey

Florham Park


Hackensack


Princeton


Ramsey


Shrewsbury


Roxbury



New York

Binghamton


Rochester


Garden City


Goshen (North)


Hauppauge


Melville


New York PCG


New York PGC - 237 Park


Olean


Poughkeepsie


Skaneateles, NY


White Plains



North Carolina

Brevard


Charlotte


Fayetteville


Greensboro


Greenville


Pinehurst


Raleigh


Rocky Mount


Southport


Wilmington



North Dakota

Bismarck


Dickinson


Grand Forks


Jamestown


Williston



Ohio

Alliance


Boardman


Canfield


Canfield (203)


Canfield (West)


Canton


Cincinnati


Columbus


Columbus 120


Dublin


Fairlawn


Kent


Lancaster


Lima


Mansfield


Marion


Marysville


Medina


Dayton


Pepper Pike


Salem


Sandusky


Steubenville


Howland


Westlake


Zanesville



Oklahoma

Muskogee


Oklahoma City


Tulsa



Oregon

Eugene


Medford


Portland


Salem



Pennsylvania

Altoona


Beaver


Bethel Park


Easton


Bloomsburg


Center Valley


Conshohocken HNW


Conshohocken


Franklin


Greensburg


Johnstown


Lebanon


Pittsburgh


Pittsburgh Foster Plaza


Sharon


St. Marys


Warren


West Chester


Wilkes-Barre


Yardley


York



Rhode Island

Providence



South Carolina

Anderson


Bluffton


Charleston


Columbia


Columbia, SC


Florence


Hartsville


Mount Pleasant, SC


Sumter



South Dakota

Mitchell


Sioux Falls





Tennessee

Chattanooga, TN


Cookeville, TN


Jackson


Johnson City


Knoxville, TN


Memphis


Nashville



Texas




Austin


Corpus Christi


Dallas


Dallas PCG Crescent


Denton


Houston


Houston PCG


Longview


Texarkana


Waco


Wichita Falls



Vermont

Manchester Center


St. Johnsbury



Virginia

Charlottesville


Fredericksburg, VA


Lynchburg


Martinsville


Norfolk, VA


Radford


Richmond



Washington

Bellevue


Olympia


Seattle


Wenatchee



Wisconsin

Appleton (West)


Brookfield


Eau Claire


Milwaukee Glendale


Green Bay


Appleton


La Crosse


Madison


Mequon





Racine


Rhinelander


Stevens Point


Wausau


West Bend



Wyoming

Casper


Sheridan























Richard G. Stifel for BIG CAT ENERGY CORP (BCTE)





 




 



				From the makers of 


Track & Manage All Of Your Investments
Try It Now!






New! Portfolio
			      
						Login 
			/
			Sign Up






 Search



IndustriesTechnologyEnergyMediaFinanceGreen IssuesChinaAll ConceptsMetalsEnergyMeatsGrainsSoftsETFsIndicesCurrenciesGeographiesExchangesRatesHow To InvestPersonal FinanceOptions 101Definitions

Big Cat Energy (BCTE)


				 
			

				 
			



SUMMARYBULLSBEARSTOPICSDATA CENTRALSTOCK CHARTSEC FILINGSBALANCEINCOMECASH FLOWBCTE » Topics » Richard G. StifelThese excerpts taken from the BCTE 10-K filed May 5, 2009.Richard G. Stifel, certify
that:





1. 
         


I
      have reviewed this 10-K/A1 for the period ended
      April 30, 2008, of Big Cat Energy Corporation;



 
      



2. 
         


Based
      on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a
      material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
      statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
      were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
      report;



 
      



3. 
         


Based
      on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information
      included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
      financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
      registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
      report;



 
      



4.     


The
      registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for
      establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as
      defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
      control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
      13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the registrant and have:



 
      


 
      

a.     


Designed
      such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure
      controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
      that material information relating to the registrant, including its
      consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
      entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
      prepared;



 
      


 
      

b.


Designed
      such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal
      control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to
      provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
      reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
      purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
      principles;



 
      
 
      
 
      


 
      

c.


Evaluated
      the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures
      and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of
      the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period
      covered by this report based on such evaluation; and



 
      


 
      

d.


Disclosed
      in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over
      financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent
      fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an
      annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to
      materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial
      reporting; and






 



 






 







 
      



5.     


The
      registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our
      most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to
      the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's
      board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
      functions):



 
      


 
      

a.


All
      significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or
      operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
      reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record,
      process, summarize and report financial information;
and



 
      


 
      

b.


Any
      fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other
      employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control
      over financial reporting.



 
      









Date: 


May
      4, 2009


RICHARD G.
      STIFEL 



 
      
 
      

Richard
      G. Stifel 



 
      
 
      

Principal
      Financial Officer 

































 



 






 







Richard G Stifel - Aurora, CO | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Richard G Stifel in Aurora, CO


Richard G Stifel

                                                                           Intelius found that Richard G Stifel  is  a male between 70 and 70 years old from Aurora, CO.  We have connected them to
                10 addresses,
                4 phones,
                and 3 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Age

Richard G Stifel is in his 70s

Richard Has Lived In

Aurora, CO
Parker, CO
Des Moines, IA

Richard's Relatives

Linda Stifel
Kristen Boyd
Eric Stifel







Richard G Stifel



Zodiac SignAquarius



GenderMale



Professional Status
Officer and Secretary at Principal Financial Group



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Richard? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Richard, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Richard G Stifel
Get a Criminal Check on Richard G Stifel
Get a Public Record Report on Richard G Stifel
Get a People Search Report on Richard G Stifel


Richard G Stifel's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Richard G Stifel has lived as well as Richard G Stifel's phone numbers and email addresses.




Richard G Stifel Has Lived in 3 States
Colorado Address for Richard G Stifel


5568 S T******** S* 

Aurora, CO


Has Lived In

Aurora, CO
Parker, CO


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Richard G Stifel

(303) ***-**** - Parker, CO 
() ***-**** - Aurora, CO 
(720) ***-**** - Aurora, CO 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Richard G Stifel

r*****l@***.com
r***s@***.com
r***********l@***.com


Get Email Report




Richard G Stifel's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about Richard G Stifel's academic history.  Find out which schools Richard G Stifel attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees Richard G Stifel received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Richard G Stifel Has Attended 3 Schools
Colorado State University Richard G Stifel has a BSBA in Accounting               
Colorado State University                              Richard G Stifel has a Bachelor of Science in Administration with A concentration in Accounting               
Central High School               1961 – 1965                              


Richard G Stifel's Professional Information
Information regarding Richard G Stifel's professional history.  Find out previous places Richard G Stifel has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Richard G Stifel Has Worked at 3 Places
Company: Principal Financial Group
               Title: Officer and Secretary
Company: RGS Resources LLC
               Title: Manager and Founder of Controller
Richard G Stifel's Experience
Title: Officer and Secretary
               Company: Principal Financial Group
Job Details
               The Principal Financial Group® (The Principal®)1 is a global investment management leader offering retirement services, insurance solutions and asset management. The Principal offers businesses, individuals and institutional clients a wide range of financial products and services, including retirement, asset management and insurance through its diverse family of financial services companies. Founded in 1879 and a member of the FORTUNE 500®, the Principal Financial Group has $539.9 billion in assets under management2 and serves some 20.1 million customers worldwide from offices in Asia, Australia, Europe, Latin America and the United States. Principal Financial Group, Inc. is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol PFG.
Title: Manager and Founder of Controller
               Company: RGS Resources LLC
Job Details
               RGS Resources offers an array of strategic consulting services specially targeted toward companies that require the depth of knowledge, experience and perspective that only a Chief Financial Officer can contribute. The following specialized services can help you meet a wide range of financial needs:Part Time CFO/Controller ServicesStrategic and Financial PlanningRGS Resources will provide your company with a custom made program based on your specific needs and budget. We will provide the right individual for the task you have available. We will work on an hourly basis or monthly retainer. We provide all levels of expertise in the financial area. Our experiences range well beyond financial management. We are former Chief Financial Officers who think like Chief Executive Officers. We can help you prepare your Strategic Plan and then quantify the Plan into a Financial Plan. We put a great deal of emphasis on the participation of our clients' senior management in preparing the plans, because they are the ones who will have to implement them. The final Financial Plan will quantify the vision, ideas, resources, funding and critical business decisions necessary for the company to move forward.
Additional Professional Information on Richard G Stifel

 See Richard G Stifel's LinkedIn Profile



Richard G Stifel's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Richard G Stifel


Richard G Stifel's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Richard G Stifel's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Richard Stifel
Username Matches

                  RichardStifel
                  StifelRichard
                  Richard.Stifel
                  Stifel.Richard
                  Richard_Stifel
                  Stifel_Richard
                  Richard-Stifel
                  Stifel-Richard
                  RStifel
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
R Stifel







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.













Richard G. Stifel: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 5:48 PM ET
Personal Products

Company Overview of Mountain High Acquisitions Corp.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Richard G. Stifel  CFO, Secretary & Director, Mountain High Acquisitions Corp.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 1 Board Members in 1 different organizations across 4 different industries.See Board Relationships70$98,963As of Fiscal Year 2017
Background

		Mr. Richard G. Stifel, also known as Rick, has been Chief Financial Officer and Secretary of Mountain High Acquisitions Corp. since October 1, 2014. Mr. Stifel served as Chief Financial Officer and Secretary at Wireless Attachments, Inc. since October 1, 2014. Mr. Stifel served as the Chief Financial Officer of KollagenX Corp. until May 12, 2015. He served as the Chief Executive Officer, President and Secretary of Integrated Electric Systems Corp. from July 14, 2014 ... to August 4, 2014. He served as Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer at Integrated Electric Systems Corp. since July 14, 2014. He served as Chief Financial Officer of Sterling Oil & Gas Company (also known as, Landstar Development Group, Inc.) since September 2007 and served as its Principal Accounting Officer and Secretary. He was the Founder and Manager of RGS Resources, LLC from 2001 to 2004. He served as Principal Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Secretary and Treasurer of Big Cat Energy Corporation from October 1, 2007 to July 2012. While at BCTE, Mr. Stifel implemented an SEC compliance reporting system, negotiated strategic business agreements, oversaw financial accounting and compliance with GAAP, annual budgeting and development of accounting policies. He served as Group Controller for AutomationSolutions International, LLC. He served as a Treasurer of Sterling Oil & Gas Company. He served as the President and Chief Financial Officer of RGS Resources LLC from June 2001 to December 2004 and again from February 2007 to September 2007. Mr. Stifel served as the Market Leader for Denver and Phoenix and as a consultant for The Siegfried Group LLP, a Delaware based provider of professional financial services to Fortune 1000 companies, from December 2004 to February 2007. From April 1995 to June 2001, he served as Chief Financial Officer of MSI Technologies of Denver, Colorado. From December 1990 to April 1995, he served as Chief Financial Officer and Secretary of Horizon Resources Corp. and also served as its Vice President of Finance. From June 1988 to December 1990, he served as Western Region Finance Officer for the Alert Centre, Denver, Colorado. Mr. Stifel has been a Director of Mountain High Acquisitions Corp. since October 1, 2014. He served as a Director of Wireless Attachments, Inc. since October 1, 2014. He served as a Director of Integrated Electric Systems Corp. from July 14, 2014 to August 4, 2014. Mr. Stifel has a Bachelor of Science in Administration with a concentration in Accounting from Colorado State University.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
6501 East Greenway ParkwayScottsdale, Arizona 85254United StatesPhone: 303-358-3840Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
2014-PresentCFO, Secretary & DirectorMountain High Acquisitions Corp.
Education
BS 1969Colorado State University
Other Affiliations
Colorado State UniversityBridgegate Pictures Corp.Integrated  Electric Systems Corp.Solar Integrated Roofing CorporationWireless Attachments, Inc.KollagenX Corp.


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
All Other Compensation$98,963
Total Compensation
Total Annual Cash Compensation$98,963Other Long Term Compensation$98,963Total Calculated Compensation$98,963




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Mountain High Acquisitions Corp., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close






























Stifel










































Stifel Access

Sign Up
Log In
Tour
















Stifel Financial Schedules Second Quarter 2017 Financial Results Conference Call





Stifel/KBW Research Earn No. 1 Ranking 





Experience the Stifel Story (video)





Stifel Completes Acquisition of City Financial Corporation











Individuals

Helping you pursue your unique financial goals through trust, understanding, and solid, studied advice for 127 years.




Institutions

Providing innovative financing strategies to support the growth of companies and municipalities nationwide.




Financial Advisors

Offering an entrepreneurial culture,Stifel has become the Firm of Choice for a growing number of financial advisors.

















Richard Stifel – CFO Moves 





































CFO MovesTracking CFO Movement Across the USA
CFO Moves – week ending October 3, 2014
Posted on October 6, 2014 Written by Dergel CFO Admin Leave a Comment CFO Moves this week include:



Autodesk, Inc.
GLG 
EMC Corporation 


VF Corporation 
CEC Entertainment, Inc. 
Mercer


Munich Re
NewLink Genetics Corporation 
Charles River Associates 


Graphic Packaging Holding Company 
Press Ganey
Wingstop Restaurants, Inc. 


Eline Entertainment Group, Inc. 
ACE Life
Magnetic 


American Apparel, Inc. 
Atlas Venture
NXT-ID, Inc. 


Unwired Planet, Inc. 
Mountain High Acquisitions Corp. 
TOMI™ Environmental Solutions, Inc. 


CNB
Sysorex Global Holdings Corp. 
Merchants Bancshares, Inc. 


The Wet Seal, Inc. 
Krispy Kreme Doughnuts, Inc. 
Turner Broadcasting System, Inc.


Voya Investment Management 
New Gulf Resources, LLC 
Panolam Industries International 


KJT Group 
Windstream 
Fibrocell Science, Inc.



Would you like to receive our weekly CFO Moves directly in your email? Click the SIGN ME UP! button on the right of the blog page.
Should you have any CFO Moves to report, please email us.
CFO Moves is published by Samuel Dergel (Executive Search Consultant and CFO & Financial Executive Search Specialist with Stanton Chase International). Samuel can be reached by email at s.dergel@stantonchase.com or by phone at +1 (415) 738-2070.
+ + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + +
Autodesk, Inc. (NASDAQ:ADSK) announced R. Scott Herren will join the company as senior vice president and chief financial officer, effective November 1, 2014. Herren, who is currently serving as senior vice president of finance at Citrix. Herren has spent the past 14 years at Citrix. Prior to his current role, Herren held a variety of leadership roles at Citrix including vice president and managing director for EMEA and vice president and general manager of the company’s virtualization systems group. Before joining Citrix in 2000, he spent 16 years in senior strategy and financial positions at FedEx and IBM.
GLG announced that Bart Catalane has joined the firm as Chief Financial Officer. Catalane brings to GLG more than 25 years of experience leading finance for venture- and private equity-backed companies, ranging from Open English to Getty Images and Ziff Davis Media. His previous financial and strategic experience includes positions at Webloyalty Holdings, LIN TV, TMP Worldwide, and Capital Cities/ABC.
EMC Corporation (NYSE: EMC) announced that Zane Rowe has joined the company as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining EMC, Rowe had a successful 19-year financial and corporate strategy career first at Continental Airlines where he rose to the role of Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Following that, he was CFO at United Continental Holdings, Inc. Following United Continental Holdings, Rowe joined Apple where he served as head of North America Sales reporting directly to Apple CEO Tim Cook.
VF Corporation (NYSE: VFC) announced that Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer Robert K. Shearer will retire in March 2015, after 28 years with the company. VF named Scott A. Roe, currently Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer, to succeed Shearer in the role of Chief Financial Officer. Roe joined VF in 1996 as an Audit Manager, and since that time has held multiple positions of increasing responsibility within the company’s Finance organization. In 2012, Roe was promoted to Vice President of Finance for VF Corporation, based in Greensboro, N.C., after serving as Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for VF International, which is headquartered in Switzerland.
CEC Entertainment, Inc., which operates 577 Chuck E. Cheese’s stores, announced that it has appointed Temple Weiss as Chief Financial Officer. Temple recently served as CFO at Pegasus Solutions. Prior to Pegasus Solutions, Temple served as the CFO of ACE Cash Express and as CFO of LQ Management, a private equity portfolio company managing and franchising La Quinta hotels.
Mercer, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Marsh & McLennan Companies (MMC), announced the appointment of Helen Shan as Chief Financial Officer (CFO). Mark McGivney, who served as CFO and COO of Mercer, has been appointed Senior Vice President, Corporate Finance, at MMC. Ms. Shan joined Marsh & McLennan in 2013 with oversight of MMC’s global Treasury operations. Prior to joining MMC, she was Vice President, Treasurer at Pitney Bowes, and previously held senior roles at JPMorgan Securities, including Managing Director, Diversified Industries.
Munich Re announced that Richard Olsen, currently Head of Central Reserving at Munich Re, will become Chief Financial Officer of Munich Re’s U.S. property and casualty reinsurance subsidiary, Munich Reinsurance America, Inc. Olsen will begin in his new role on January 1, 2015 and replaces Steven Levy, who was recently appointed President of Munich Reinsurance America’s Reinsurance Division. Before joining Munich Re in 2009, Olsen spent 21 years with General Re Corporation, most recently as Senior Vice President & Actuary for Cologne Re. Rich
NewLink Genetics Corporation (NASDAQ: NLNK) announced that Jack Henneman has been appointed Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Henneman replaces Gordon H. Link, Jr., Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining NewLink, Mr. Henneman served Integra LifeSciences in various capacities for sixteen years, including as General Counsel and Chief Administrative Officer, and since 2007 as Chief Financial Officer.
Charles River Associates (NASDAQ: CRAI) announced that Wayne D. Mackie has decided to step down from his positions as Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer. The Board has elected Global Leader of Corporate Development and Vice President Chad Holmes to succeed Mr. Mackie. The transition will be effective as of November 10, 2014. Mr. Holmes joined the firm in 2004 as part of the InteCap, Inc. acquisition.
Graphic Packaging Holding Company (NYSE: GPK) announced that Chief Financial Officer Daniel Blount has elected to retire on March 1, 2015, after 16 years of dedicated service with the Company. Stephen Scherger, previously Senior Vice President – Consumer Packaging Division, has been named Senior Vice President – Finance, effective October 1, 2014, as part of the Company’s succession plan.  Scherger will be appointed Chief Financial Officer effective January 1, 2015.   Blount will remain as Special Advisor until March 1, 2015.
Press Ganey announced that Matt Hallgren has been promoted to the role of Chief Financial Officer (CFO). Hallgren has more than 17 years of financial experience, including public accounting at both Arthur Andersen and Deloitte, where he was a manager in the audit practice. Additionally, he held positions at global public companies, including the Boeing Company in the technical accounting group and Heidrick & Struggles International as CAO.
Wingstop Restaurants, Inc. announced the appointment of Michael Mravle as Chief Financial Officer. Mravle joins the Company from Bloomin’ Brands, Inc., where he held several positions, including most recently Group Vice President of Financial Planning & Analysis (FP&A) and U.S. CFO. Prior to holding the position of Group Vice President of FP&A and U.S. CFO at Bloomin’ Brands, Mravle held several other positions, including Vice President of Corporate FP&A for the company, and Vice President of Finance, Carrabba’s Italian Grill. Before that, he was Vice President of Finance – New Concepts, supporting brands including Fleming’s Prime Steakhouse and Wine Bar and Roy’s Hawaiian Fusion. Mravle also spent eight years with McDonald’s Corporation (NYSE: MCD), holding positions of increasing responsibility, including Senior Finance Manager – Global Supply Chain. Mravle will replace Lance Loshelder who will assume the position of Executive Vice President of Finance.
Eline Entertainment Group, Inc. (OTC: EEGI) announced the addition of Rodney Wilkinson as its Chief Financial Officer & General Counsel.
ACE Life, the global life insurance division of ACE Group, announced the appointment of Haik de Jong as Chief Financial Officer. Before joining ACE, he was the Asia Pacific regional chief financial officer for ING. Prior to this role, Mr. de Jong held senior management roles in Europe, Latin America and Asia.
Magnetic announced the addition of Justin Squezello as Chief Financial Officer (CFO). Squezello previously served as the CFO of About.com. Prior to About.com, Justin served a variety of strategic financial leadership roles at IAC for five years. He’s also served finance, business operations and sales analysis roles at Time Inc. and Ziff Davis.
American Apparel, Inc. (NYSE: APP) announced the appointment of Hassan Natha as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Natha replaces John Luttrell as CFO. His experience includes service as Chief Financial Officer at Fisher Communications, Inc. and Jones Soda Company. He also spent ten years at Nike’s Bauer Nike Hockey, Inc. in various finance and executive operations roles. John Luttrell, who had been serving as Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, is resigning from the Company.
Atlas Venture announced that Jason Rhodes, President and Chief Financial Officer of Epizyme, is joining the firm’s life sciences investing team as a partner effective October 1, 2014. Rhodes joined Epizyme in 2010 when it was a private, research-stage company. Rhodes also previously served as Vice President of Business Development at Alnylam. Prior to Alnylam, Rhodes was a founder and partner with Fidelity Biosciences, the life sciences venture capital arm of Fidelity Investments.
NXT-ID, Inc. (NASDAQ: NXTD) announced that Vincent S. Miceli has been named the Company’s Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Miceli replaces Gino Pereira as Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Pereira will continue to serve as the Company’s Chief Executive Officer and as a Director. Mr. Miceli was the Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer/Treasurer of Panolam Industries International, Inc. from May 2006 to mid-December 2013. Prior to that, Mr. Miceli was the Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Controller of Opticare Health Systems, Inc. from 2004 to 2006. Prior to 2004, Mr. Miceli held senior accounting positions at Amphenol Corporation and United Technologies, Inc.
Unwired Planet, Inc. (NASDAQ: UPIP) announced that Eric Vetter intends to resign as the company’s president, chief financial officer and chief administrative officer as of November 18, 2014.
Mountain High Acquisitions Corp. (OTC: MYHI) announced the appointment of Richard G. Stifel as the Company’s new CFO and Director. Mr. Stifel has over 30 years of finance, accounting, and operations experience in telecom, trucking, mining, distribution, consumer products, video production, manufacturing, and retail with over 15 years’ experience as a Chief Financial Officer. Richard is the founder (2001) and President of RGS Resources, LLC, a provider of strategic CFO solutions to start-up and mid-sized companies. 
TOMI Environmental Solutions, Inc. announced that Nick Jennings has been appointed Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining TOMI, Mr. Jennings held a senior management position for a prominent Los Angeles-based accounting firm.
CNB, one of the two banking subsidiaries of the Shore Bancshares Inc. (NASDAQ: SHBI) announced that its board of directors has appointed CNB CFO, Edward C. Allen as  president and chief executive officer. Mr. Allen joined CNB as chief financial officer in 2011, and previously served as chief financial officer at Independence Bank.  CNB also announced the appointment of Lynn Payne as the CFO of CNB. Ms. Payne previously served as chief financial officer at Prince George’s Federal Savings Bank.
Sysorex Global Holdings Corp. (NASDAQ: SYRX) announced that Will Frederick has joined the company as Chief Financial Officer effective October 1, 2014. Mr. Frederick replaces Wendy Loundermon who will now serve as VP of Finance. Prior to joining Sysorex, Mr. Frederick served as Chief Financial Officer at Neural ID LLC; Chief Financial Officer of Entelos Holding Corp., which was acquired by Rosa & Co.; VP Finance and CFO Global Communications Solutions at Avaya Inc.; Chief Financial Officer of NovaRay Medical Inc.; and Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer at Pharsight Corp., which was acquired by Tripos International. Mr. Frederick also served in senior finance roles at Versata Inc., Clarent Corp. and ACT Networks Inc., prior to their respective acquisitions.
Merchants Bancshares, Inc. (NASDAQ: MBVT), the parent company of Merchants Bank, announced that Thomas Meshako has been appointed as Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer effective November 10, 2014. Mr. Meshako comes to the Company from Brookline Bancorp, Inc. where he has served as the Director of Finance for three years. Prior to joining Brookline, Mr. Meshako was Senior Vice President of Operations of Union Bankshares, Inc., and, before then, Senior Vice President, Financial Planning and Analysis, with Chittenden Corporation for nine years.
The Wet Seal, Inc. (NASDAQ: WTSL) announced that the Company’s Chief Financial Officer, Steve Benrubi, has resigned and will remain with the Company through December 1, 2014, to assist with the transition.
Krispy Kreme Doughnuts, Inc. (NYSE: KKD) announced that Chief Financial Officer Douglas R. Muir has notified the Company of his intent to retire in calendar year 2015. Mr. Muir has served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since June 2007. He joined Krispy Kreme as Chief Accounting Officer in June 2005 and had been a consultant to the Company since December 2004. 
Turner Broadcasting System, Inc. (TBS, Inc.) announced that Pascal Desroches has been named executive vice president and chief financial officer, effective Jan. 1, 2015. Desroches was most recently senior vice president and controller of Time Warner Inc. He joined Time Warner in 2001 from KPMG LLP, where he was a partner in the Department of Professional Practice-Assurance & Advisory Services in New York. Previously, Desroches was a Professional Accounting Fellow with the Office of the Chief Accountant at the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
Voya Investment Management, the asset management business of Voya Financial, Inc. (NYSE: VOYA), announced that Michael A. Bell has joined the firm as chief financial officer. Bell succeeds Daniel Wilcox, who will be retiring at the end of 2014. Bell most recently served, since 2012, as chief financial officer for Hartford Investment Management Company (HIMCO), part of The Hartford. Previously, Bell served as CFO for TheHartford’s Institutional Solutions Group. He also was HIMCO’s chief accounting officer from 2005 to 2008 and director of investment accounting policy, reporting and taxation from 2003 to 2005. Prior to joining The Hartford in 2002, Bell spent 10 years with PricewaterhouseCoopers, LLP and previously was at Arthur Andersen & Co.
New Gulf Resources, LLC announced Danni Morris, former Treasurer of WPX Energy, Inc. will become NGR’s Chief Financial Officer.  Morris replaces Rob Moore, who had been serving a dual role as CFO and Petroleum Engineer and will now become Senior Vice President, Production Operations & Engineering.   Mrs. Morris has a 20 plus year tenure in the energy business having performed most of her career at The Williams Companies, Inc. and WPX Energy in business development and treasury roles.
Panolam Industries International announced the appointment of James “Jim” Stiff to the position of Chief Financial Officer (CFO.) Mr. Stiff most recently served as vice president and CFO for Sonneborn, LLC. Mr. Stiff also held CFO positions at Weichert Relocation Resources, Inc., Ultimate Juice Company and Covington Industries, Inc.
KJT Group announced the appointment of Kimberly DeYoung as Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining KJT Group, Kimberly served as Financial Analyst, Accounting Manager, Director of Accounting, and most recently Vice President, US Controller at Harris Interactive, Inc.
Windstream (NASDAQ: WIN) announced that Bob Gunderman has been named interim chief financial officer. Gunderman succeeds Tony Thomas, who has been named president of the real estate investment trust (REIT) to be created by the spinoff of certain Windstream telecommunications assets. Gunderman is senior vice president and treasurer for Windstream. He previously served as vice president of financial planning for Windstream. Gunderman was vice president of internal audit for Alltel prior to joining Windstream in 2008. He was a senior accountant with Deloitte and Touche LLP before entering the communications industry in 1996.
Fibrocell Science, Inc. (NASDAQ: FCSC) announced that Gregory Weaver is no longer employed as Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President, Treasurer and Corporate Secretary of the Company. The Company appointed Kimberly M. Smith, the Company’s Controller, to serve as Interim Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Corporate Secretary. Ms. Smith will continue to serve as the Controller of the Company, a position she has held since January 2014. Prior to joining the Company, Ms. Smith was a financial consultant with AC Lordi Corporation from 2010 to 2013 working exclusively for AC Lordi Corporation’s client, ViroPharma Incorporated. From 2004 to 2010, Ms. Smith was a financial consultant with The Siegfried Group, LLP, representing a variety of clients. Prior to joining The Siegfried Group, LLP, Ms. Smith was a financial analyst for Motorola, Inc. from 2002 to 2004. Ms. Smith began her career as a staff accountant at Ernst & Young LLP from 1998 to 2000 and as a senior accountant from 2000 to 2002.
Share this:LinkedInTwitterFacebookGoogleEmailPrintLike this:Like Loading...Follow CFO Moves via Email

Join the 6,404 people that receive this update by email every week. 
Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email.
 

							Email Address						












Sign up for the CFO Search Report
CFO Search Report, a follow on to CFO Moves, provides  information on CFO career opportunities in the market. 
CFO Search Report provides eligible CFOs with more information on the career opportunities identified in CFO Moves.  
CFO Search Report will provide monthly updates to eligible CFOs only. 
To apply to join and receive this exclusive monthly report, please click this link.
PS - Only qualified CFOs will be accepted to receive this exclusive monthly report. 


Samuel Dergel
Samuel is an Executive Search Consultant and CFO & Financial Executive Search Specialist with Dergel Executive Search.
Samuel and his team prepares this blog weekly so you can have one comprehensive source for CFO Moves across the USA. We track CFO Moves in our quest to be the most knowledgeable and up to date Executive Search firm focusing on the Chief Financial Officer.
If you are a company that would like help with your next CFO Hire, are a CFO that is looking to hire the right deputies for your team, or are a CFO looking for your next move, feel free to contact us.
Telephone: (415) 738-2070
Email: samuel@dergelcfo.com

 
 


Twitter: DergelCFOFollow"6 years later: Looking back at my career reboot" https://t.co/0DOtFZjK8z by @DergelCFO on @LinkedIn   Are you a #CFO with something to say about US #taxreform ?   RT @cfo: Penn West CFO and two deputies charged with #fraud. https://t.co/BlM98ACgrm https://t.co/oA76gnXLFu   This weeks' #CFO Moves includes movement at @LiquidRobotics @Kohls @MarinSoftware and 19 other co's… https://t.co/3VA0ZPZBq8   RT @OracleERPCloud: #CFOs: which quality best describes your style? See what else @DergelCFO thinks makes a great #CFO https://t.co/3TLWeah…   
Archives
Archives

Select Month
 July 2017 
 June 2017 
 May 2017 
 April 2017 
 March 2017 
 February 2017 
 January 2017 
 December 2016 
 November 2016 
 October 2016 
 September 2016 
 August 2016 
 July 2016 
 June 2016 
 May 2016 
 April 2016 
 March 2016 
 February 2016 
 January 2016 
 December 2015 
 November 2015 
 October 2015 
 September 2015 
 August 2015 
 July 2015 
 June 2015 
 May 2015 
 April 2015 
 March 2015 
 February 2015 
 January 2015 
 December 2014 
 November 2014 
 October 2014 
 September 2014 
 August 2014 
 July 2014 
 June 2014 
 May 2014 
 April 2014 
 March 2014 
 February 2014 
 January 2014 
 December 2013 
 November 2013 
 October 2013 
 September 2013 
 August 2013 
 July 2013 
 June 2013 
 May 2013 
 April 2013 
 March 2013 
 February 2013 
 January 2013 
 December 2012 
 November 2012 
 October 2012 
 September 2012 
 August 2012 
 July 2012 
 June 2012 
 May 2012 
 April 2012 
 March 2012 
 February 2012 
 January 2012 
 December 2011 
 November 2011 
 October 2011 
 September 2011 


EmailLinkedinRSSTwitter
© 2011-2016 Samuel Dergel (Executive Search Consultant and CFO Search Specialist). All rights reserved


 




Send to Email Address

Your Name

Your Email Address





Cancel

				Post was not sent - check your email addresses!			

				Email check failed, please try again			

				Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.			














%d bloggers like this:





 Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated










 

 











LOGIN

Client ID (displays as capital letters)







Remember My Client ID


Forgot Your Client ID?


Forgot Your Password?



Online Client Services
Online access for Stifel clients, providing detailed account information, market data, research and more.

If your account is already setup for Stifel Access, please log in to the right. If you are an existing client without online access, please click on the following link to create a new username and password for your account. 

Stifel Access signup.

If you have any questions, please contact the Stifel Client Services team at (800) 679-5446 Monday  Friday, 6:30 AM Central Time  6:00 PM Central Time or Saturday, 9:00 AM Central Time  2:00 PM Central Time. 




Copyright © 2001-2017 Scivantage and/or its data suppliers. All rights reserved. 






Mountain High Acquisitions Corp. Expands Management Team -- Appoints Richard G. Stifel as CFO and DirectorHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets closedS&P 5002,472.10-3.32 (-0.13%)Dow 3021,830.31+33.76 (+0.15%)Nasdaq6,374.68-7.51 (-0.12%)Mountain High Acquisitions Corp. Expands Management Team -- Appoints Richard G. Stifel as CFO and DirectorMarketwiredOctober 2, 2014ReblogShareTweetShareDENVER, CO--(Marketwired - Oct 2, 2014) - Mountain High Acquisitions Corp. (  OTCQB :  MYHI ) ("Mountain High" or the "Company"), a strategic real estate holding company whose primary focus is the acquisition and development of commercial properties in the cannabis sector, is pleased to announce that the Company has appointed Richard G. Stifel as the Company's new CFO and Director. "We are all very pleased to have added someone of Rick Stifel's capabilities and reputation to the Mountain High management team," stated Alan Smith, President of Mountain High. "His hands-on experience as a CFO of both private and publicly traded companies will undoubtedly increase our growing company's standing with potential partners and investors and should assist us in achieving our short and long term strategic development objectives in the future."Mr. Stifel has over 30 years of finance, accounting, and operations experience in telecom, trucking, mining, distribution, consumer products, video production, manufacturing, and retail with over 15 years' experience as a Chief Financial Officer. During his career, he has managed the financial operations of startups to multi-million dollar companies and has extensive experience in mergers and acquisitions, having been responsible for over $250 million in transactions. A native of Denver, Colorado, Richard is the founder (2001) and President of RGS Resources, LLC, a provider of strategic CFO solutions to start-up and mid-sized companies. Mr. Stifel has a Bachelor of Science in Business Administration (BSBA) in Accounting from Colorado State University.Mr. Stifel added, "I am extremely excited to have the opportunity to join Mountain High Acquisitions Corp. at such an important stage of the Company's growth and development. I look forward to assisting Alan and his team to achieve their corporate goals in the legal marijuana sector."About Mountain High Acquisitions Corp. (MYHI)Mountain High Acquisitions Corp. is a strategic real estate holding company whose primary focus is the acquisition and development of commercial properties to be leased and utilized by the marijuana industry.Disclaimer/Safe Harbor: This Mountain High Acquisitions Corp. news release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Securities Litigation Reform Act. The statements reflect the Company's current views with respect to future events that involve risks and uncertainties. Among others, these risks include failure to meet schedule or performance requirements of the Company's contracts, the Company's ability to raise sufficient development and working capital, the Company's liquidity position, the Company's ability to obtain new contracts, the emergence of competitors with greater financial resources and the impact of competitive pricing. In the light of these uncertainties, the forward-looking events referred to in this release might not occur as planned or at all. The Company does not and will not grow, harvest, distribute, or sell cannabis or any substances that violate United States law or the Controlled Substances Act, nor does it intend to do so in the future.ReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextJeff Bezos’ brief stint as world’s richest human ends with Amazon’s second-quarter whiffTechCrunchEngineer Finds Pattern; Makes Millions in StocksMoney MorningSponsoredUnder Armour (UAA) to Report Q2 Earnings: What Lies Ahead?ZacksGM and Ford Grow Ever-More Dependent on Declining Home MarketBloombergOpioid protest leads to change at drug wholesalerABC NewsThis Will Be In Everyone's Household By 2020Banyan HillSponsoredBristol-Myers (BMY) Q2 Earnings Beats EstimatesZacksTrump names John Kelly new chief of staff; Reince Priebus outCNBCThe 'two pizza rule' is a secret to productive meetings that helped Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos become one of the world's richest menBusiness InsiderDiscover it: 4.8 out of 5 avg. by 24K+ customersDiscover CardSponsoredThe real reason overseas manufacturing is coming to AmericaYahoo FinanceVenezuela opposition blocks streets as controversial assembly vote loomsReutersChevron and Exxon Mobil have a tough path ahead: NYSE traderYahoo Finance Video3 Must-Own Stocks in 2017Banyan HillSponsoredStocks mixed after heavy earnings weekNorth Korea 2nd ICBM test puts much of US in range: expertsAssociated PressTrump names John Kelly new chief of staff; Reince Priebus outTrajan: For someone who got five deferments, he really likes generals.Join the Conversation1 / 51.1k








