










 










Stockman Wealth Management









home | branch & ATM Locator | careers | about stockman bank   







 

Online Banking
Select below to Login:




eBank-Personal Banking & 
					Small Business Banking



eBiz-Business Banking









        Username:
		
        Password:
        



Enroll 
		|
         
		Demo 
		| 
		Learn More
Forgot eBank Password











	Access ID: 



Enroll - 
		Demo - 
		Learn More
Forgot eBiz Password




personal

checking
visa® check card
savings & money markets
certificates of deposit
retirement accounts
loans & lines of credit
convenient services
online banking services


business

cash management
checking
visa® business check card
savings & money markets
certificates of deposit
loans & lines of credit
convenient services
online banking services
Merchant Services


agriculture

checking
visa® business check card
savings & money markets
certificates of deposit
loans & lines of credit
convenient services
online banking services
stockman exchange, Inc.


real estate

Residential Financing
Commercial Financing
Agricultural Financing

Find a Lender near you
Home Loan Resources
Movers Guide


financial tools

switch kit
Ag News, Weather & Market
calculators
financial education
Links of Interest








    



Stockman Wealth Management is an SEC-registered advisory firm specializing in equity and fixed income investment management. Assets under management exceeding $2.77 Billion. We structure high quality portfolios based on each individual client’s goals. Our disciplined approach and one-to-one service sets our organization apart.
The services we provide include fee-based, discretionary investment management and asset/liability management for financial institutions, corporations, municipalities, retirement plans, endowment funds, and individuals.
Our Philosophy
Equities


Conservative, disciplined approach


Focus on well established blue chip companies -- Emphasis on companies with history of earnings and dividend growth, strong cash flow, and strong balance sheets.


Preservation of capital a primary objective


Manage and control risk -- Proper diversification and fundamental analysis of the companies we own.


Fixed Income


Conservative, total return approach


Preservation of Capital -- In depth research of every credit prior to purchase and continual credit review.


Liquidity Management -- Understand client's liquidity needs and properly structure the portfolio.


Maximize Earnings -- Monitor markets for opportunities presented by changing interest rate environments. Tax efficient products are used in a case-by-case basis.


Our Clients Include


Individuals

High Net Worth Individuals
Trusts
Retirement Plans

Foundations and Endowments


Financial Institutions

Corporations

State or Municipal Government entities


Market Update
July 2017 Market UpdateMay 2017 Market UpdateMarch 2017 Market UpdateJanuary 2017 Market UpdateNovember 2016 Market UpdateSeptember 2016 Market Update
More Information
Ron O'Donnell, Eric George, Karyn Sigler, Jennifer Hemphill, Erika Ferris, and Brenda Hittmeier are portfolio managers, and Zackary McKittrick is a junior portfolio manager, for Stockman Wealth Management. They may be reached in our Billings office:
      Stockman Wealth Management      402 N Broadway      PO Box 2507      Billings, Montana 59101      (406) 655-3960
Phil Howeth, Kerry Neils, and Dave Ashby are portfolio managers for Stockman Wealth Management and may be reached in our Helena office:
Stockman Wealth ManagementPhysical Address:3094 North Sanders StreetHelena, Montana 59601Mailing Address:PO Box 7329Helena, Montana 59604(406) 447-9050
Eric Vermulm is the Chief Investment Officer for Stockman Wealth Management and may be reached in our Conrad office:
Stockman Wealth ManagementPhysical Address:420 South Main StreetConrad, Montana 59425Mailing Address:PO Box 727Conrad, Montana 59425(406) 278-8200
David Rehbein is a portfolio manager for Stockman Wealth Management and may be reached in our Missoula office:
Stockman Wealth Management111 North Higgins Avenue, Suite 200Missoula, Montana 59802(406) 258-1450
 Contact Stockman Wealth Management
Not FDIC Insured / No Bank Guarantee / May Lose Value 
 











Equal Opportunity Employer (EOE)2017 © Stockman Bank. All Rights Reserved.
Contact Us | Privacy Policy | 
Site Map | Terms of Use





Stockman Asset Management, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 5:50 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Stockman Asset Management, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Stockman Asset Management, Inc. is a privately owned investment manager. The firm provides financial planning services to its clients. It primarily provides its services to individuals. The firm also caters to high net worth individuals, banking or thrift institution, pension and profit sharing plans, charitable organizations, corporations, financial institutions, retirement plans, endowment funds, and state or municipal government entities. It manages separate client-focused equity, fixed income, and balanced portfolios. The firm invests in the public equity and fixed income markets of the United States. It also invests in exchange traded funds. The firm employs combination of fundamental a...
Stockman Asset Management, Inc. is a privately owned investment manager. The firm provides financial planning services to its clients. It primarily provides its services to individuals. The firm also caters to high net worth individuals, banking or thrift institution, pension and profit sharing plans, charitable organizations, corporations, financial institutions, retirement plans, endowment funds, and state or municipal government entities. It manages separate client-focused equity, fixed income, and balanced portfolios. The firm invests in the public equity and fixed income markets of the United States. It also invests in exchange traded funds. The firm employs combination of fundamental and quantitative analysis to create its portfolios. It obtains external research to make its investments. The firm was founded in 2002 and is based in Billings, Montana with an additional office in Helena, Montana. Stockman Asset Management, Inc. operates as a subsidiary of Stockman Financial Corp.
Detailed Description


402 North BroadwayP.O. Box 2507Billings, MT 59101United StatesFounded in 2002



Phone: 406-655-3960

Fax: 406-874-8743

www.stockmanbank.com/assetManagement.aspx







Key Executives for Stockman Asset Management, Inc.




Mr. Ronald O'Donnell CFA


      	Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, and Portfolio Manager
      








Mr. William Edward Coffee


      	Co-Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
      








Mr. Eric Mitchell George


      	President and Portfolio Manager
      








 A. William Bickle


      	Secretary
      








Ms. Jennifer Mae Hemphill


      	Chief Compliance Officer and Portfolio Manager
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Merger/Acquisition

			      September 24, 2016
			    
Peak Investment Management, Ltd.





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Stockman Asset Management, Inc., please visit www.stockmanbank.com/assetManagement.aspx.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close










































home | branch & ATM Locator | careers | about stockman bank   







 

Online Banking
Select below to Login:




eBank-Personal Banking & 
					Small Business Banking



eBiz-Business Banking









        Username:
		
        Password:
        



Enroll 
		|
         
		Demo 
		| 
		Learn More
Forgot eBank Password











	Access ID: 



Enroll - 
		Demo - 
		Learn More
Forgot eBiz Password




personal

checking
visa® check card
savings & money markets
certificates of deposit
retirement accounts
loans & lines of credit
convenient services
online banking services


business

cash management
checking
visa® business check card
savings & money markets
certificates of deposit
loans & lines of credit
convenient services
online banking services
Merchant Services


agriculture

checking
visa® business check card
savings & money markets
certificates of deposit
loans & lines of credit
convenient services
online banking services
stockman exchange, Inc.


real estate

Residential Financing
Commercial Financing
Agricultural Financing

Find a Lender near you
Home Loan Resources
Movers Guide


financial tools

switch kit
Ag News, Weather & Market
calculators
financial education
Links of Interest








    













Equal Opportunity Employer (EOE)2017 © Stockman Bank. All Rights Reserved.
Contact Us | Privacy Policy | 
Site Map | Terms of Use






Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft




































































Business briefs: Stockman Asset Management acquires Missoula investment firm | Local | missoulian.com




































×
We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month.




Already a subscriber?
Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one.






Want to become a subscriber?
Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information.




Digital-only Access









Unlimited Access to:
            
missoulian.com
mobile web and mobile apps
e-replica edition of printed newspaper



Digital-only access only $12.00/mo

















Current Subscriber?




Set up your account



Log In






Current Subscriber?




Set up Account














You are the owner of this article.

 Edit Article
 Add New Article




























Sign Up

                        Log In
                    





Dashboard
  Logout







My Account
 Dashboard
 Profile
 Saved items

 Logout









Subscribe
Customer Service




                
                Sections
                
            










                                News
                            



                                        Announcements
                                    


                                        Crime
                                    


                                        Government & Politics
                                    


                                        Local
                                    


                                        National
                                    


                                        State & Regional
                                    


                                        World
                                    





                                Sports
                            



                                        Griz
                                    


                                        High School
                                    


                                        Local
                                    


                                        College
                                    


                                        National
                                    



                                Business
                            






                                Entertainment
                            



                                        Arts and Theatre
                                    


                                        Books
                                    


                                        Calendar
                                    


                                        Contests
                                    


                                        Events
                                    


                                        Music
                                    


                                        Movies
                                    


                                        People
                                    


                                        Puzzles & Games
                                    


                                        TV
                                    





                                Lifestyles
                            



                                        Food
                                    


                                        Health, Medicine and Fitness
                                    


                                        Home and Garden
                                    


                                        Outdoors
                                    


                                        Pets
                                    





                                Opinion
                            



                                        Editorial
                                    


                                        Letters to the Editor
                                    


                                        Columnists
                                    


                                        Submit
                                    



                                Obituaries
                            






                                Buy & Sell
                            



                                        Classifieds
                                    


                                        Business Directory
                                    


                                        Today's Deal
                                    


                                        Place an Ad
                                    


                                        Autos
                                    


                                        Homes
                                    


                                        Rentals
                                    


                                        Open Houses
                                    


                                        Newspaper Ads
                                    



                                Weekly Ads
                            






                                Jobs
                            



                                        Top Jobs
                                    


                                        Work for Us
                                    



                                e-Edition
                            




                                Special Publications
                            






                                Contact
                            



                                        Contact Us
                                    


                                        Subscribe
                                    


                                        Carrier Opportunities
                                    


                                        Dealer Services
                                    


                                        Email Newsletters
                                    



                                Customer service
                            




                                Newsletter Sign-up
                            

















Breaking








        

        
        In tweet, Trump names Kelly as new chief of staff, replacing Priebus

























Close
















Buy Now

Stockman Bank plans to build its new six-story bank on the corner of Orange Street and West Broadway this year. 































































Business briefs
        
        Business briefs: Stockman Asset Management acquires Missoula investment firm
    


Missoulian Staff

Oct 2, 2016













































Buy Now


Stockman Bank plans to build its new six-story bank on the corner of Orange Street and West Broadway this year.



















































Stockman Asset Management, an independent registered investment adviser, has acquired Peak Investment Management of Missoula.The two firms can now combine their investment products, wealth management services, tenured portfolio managers and back-office operations to offer services on a larger scale. Offices are located in Helena, Missoula, Conrad and Billings.Stockman Asset Management is a wholly owned subsidiary of Stockman Financial Corp. in Billings, which is the same company building the new six-story Stockman Bank building in downtown Missoula.
"We are delighted our bank clients have convenient access to the full array of financial planning services offered through Stockman Asset Management," said Stockman Bank Missoula Market President Bob Burns. "SAM investment advisers deliver in-depth guidance designed to both preserve wealth and maximize earning potential. We work closely with our SAM colleagues to deepen relationships with personal and commercial banking clients as well as non-profit organizations.”Peak was founded by Attorneys Liability Protection Society in 1998 and manages investment portfolios for institutions and private clients.The professionals from Peak, David Rehbein, Jessica Neuman and Hannah Santa Cruz, have joined the SAM team. They will remain in their current location until the new Stockman Bank building opens in December 2017.“We are excited to become a part of Stockman,” Rehbein said. “This will allow us to increase the breadth and depth of our services, particularly in the financial and estate planning areas. Our commitment to outstanding client service is something that will not change.”“Our firms are very similar” said Ron O’Donnell, CEO of Stockman Asset Management. “Peak and SAM both have solid histories of providing long-term portfolio management with top-notch client service. Combining two great Montana-based investment firms, with an overall asset total of nearly 3 billion, brings greater benefits to our clients and broader coverage across the state. We look forward to using our collective strength to enhance wealth management services for current and future clients. David, Jessica and Hannah are successful professionals and we value what they have accomplished with Peak. We are excited to have them as part of our team.”***The National Beer Wholesalers Association announced that KettleHouse Brewing Co. of Missoula was recognized with the second annual NBWA Brewer Partner Sales Execution Award. The award was presented last week during the association's 79th annual convention in Chicago.“KettleHouse is one of the more than 4,000 breweries that are generating such excitement for beer around this country and providing the American consumer with unprecedented choice and quality,” said NBWA President and CEO Craig Purser. “The U.S. is enjoying a Golden Age for beer thanks to a robust and competitive system of independent distribution, which provides access to market for brewers of all sizes, creates a competitive playing field for brewers of all sizes and generates excitement for consumers.”
“America’s beer distributors look forward to celebrating the success of each of these brands and recognizing many more innovative and collaborative brewers in the future,” Purser added.KettleHouse Brewing Co. was founded in 1995 by Tim O’Leary and Suzy Rizza and produced 15,000 barrels of beer in 2015.When the brewery made the decision to sell its products in cans, it was through feedback from their local distributor that they decided to use 16-ounce cans instead of traditional 12-ounce units so they could be used as single-serve packages to introduce new customers to the brand at more outlets. The result has been unprecedented growth and a real challenge to keep up with capacity demands. As a result of this success, the brewery is in the process of a new production facility that will enable them to meet the demands of their distributors.
“Our job is to make theirs easier because we know how hard the logistics are for getting our product to market," O'Leary said. "We know that in this point-and-click world we now live in, relationships still sell beer. Our distributors have spent decades building relationships, and we do not want to screw that up.”***The Montana Department of Revenue announced the winners of the public lottery to apply for the 14 available liquor licenses to operate alcohol establishments in nine communities throughout the state.These are the winners of the lottery for each area and liquor license type:Anaconda, last available city beer – Jason DriearBillings, restaurant beer and wine – PBG, LLCBillings, city beer – Alex HansenBozeman/Belgrade, city beer – Lucky Us Ranch, LLCBozeman/Belgrade, restaurant beer and wine –  Joshua PalmerBozeman/Belgrade ,(two) all beverage floaters – MGW Investments; Hunter Thomas HauptmanColumbus, city beer – Michaela M. HoppelDarby, city beer - Joszette LerumDillon, city beer - Joszette LerumFergus County, last available all beverage – (Only one application came in, so no lottery held for this license)Kalispell, city beer – Keats S. MaxwellMissoula, city beer – Shane DevlinMissoula, restaurant beer and wine – Target Range Development, LLCLottery operators also drew the names of runners-up. The names of winners and runners-up are posted online at revenue.mt.gov under Liquor Control. The 14 lottery winners now need to submit applications for the specified liquor licenses. If the application is not approved, the next person drawn can apply. The lottery winners have 30 days to submit their applications.The department received more than 1,000 applications to take part in the lottery, making this year’s the largest liquor lottery yet. 









Angry


0


Sad


0


Funny


0


Wow


0


Love


0

You must be logged in to react. Click any reaction to login.


























































More information





 +2









        

        
        Missoula agency approves $1.5M in tax increment financing assistance for new Stockman Bank


The Missoula Redevelopment Agency’s board of commissioners met Thursday and approved giving $1,512,105 in Tax Increment Financing assistance t…











                
                Related to this topic
                
            






        

        
        Photos: Behind the scenes at the Lolo Peak Fire



        

        
        Photos: Trenton Johnson's celebration of life















Tags


Stockman Asset Management


Wealth Management Services


Peak Investment Managagment


David Rehbein


Bob Burns


Firm


Management


Client


Craig Purser


Distributor


Kettlehouse Brewing Co.


















                
                Recommended
                
            












More




                
                Latest Local Offers
                
            



















        

        
        Guild Mortgage Offers FHA Financing. Click here for more information!
















Care Net of Missoula





        

        
        Unexpected pregnancy? Care Net of Missoula is here to help! Complimentary ultrasounds, emotional support and more! Click here for more information.
















Miller Creek Stables





        

        
        Miller Creek Stables has 80 incredible acres for your horses to enjoy!  Call today at 406-214-4543










© 2017 Lee Enterprises | Terms | Privacy


























© Copyright 2017 Missoulian, 500 S. Higgins Missoula, MT | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.


























Stockman Asset Management 3094 N Sanders St Helena, MT Financial Advisory Services - MapQuest







































































































    Stockman Asset Management
  

3094 N Sanders St

Helena
MT
59601




 Reviews



(406) 447-9050

        Menu & Reservations
      



            Make Reservations 




            Order Online
          

            Tickets
          




          Tickets
        


        See Availability
      





      Nearby
    


      Directions
    


    {{::location.tagLine.value.text}}
  



Sponsored Topics








































See a problem?
Let us know!






















Legal






Help























Stockman Wealth Management, Inc.                                                                                         - Billings                                          , MT         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



MT



Billings



Mortgage Bankers and Loan Correspondents



Mortgage Bankers And Loan Correspondents



                            Stockman Wealth Management, Inc.
                                    



 





















S 


Stockman Wealth Management, Inc.                                                                                        
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



2700 KING AVE W BILLINGS, MT 59102
Get Directions



(406) 655-3974
 





Business Info



 Founded 2005
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $154,595.00
 Employee Count 1
 Industries Mortgage Bankers And Loan Correspondents
 Contacts Steve Simpson                                                                                                           







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2005 the company has been providing Mortgage Bankers And Loan Correspondents. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







S

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.














Vermulm joins Stockman Asset ManagementSUBSCRIBE NOWto get full accessGet the newsLog In or Subscribe to skipAlready a subscriber?Log inSubscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe NowAlready a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access.Share This Story!Let friends in your social network know what you are reading aboutFacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterestVermulm joins Stockman Asset ManagementBusiness news from northcentral MontanaPost to FacebookVermulm joins Stockman Asset Management Business news from northcentral Montana  Check out this story on greatfallstribune.com: http://gftrib.com/2bx301F
                            {#
                            
                            #}
                        CancelSendSent!A link has been sent to your friend's email address.Posted!A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the ConversationTo find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQsSubscribe TodayLog InSubscribed, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access.Vermulm joins Stockman Asset Management
        GreatFalls
    
            Published 4:31 p.m. MT Aug. 18, 2016 | Updated 7:01 p.m. MT Aug. 18, 2016Eric Vermulm(Photo: Courtesy photo)CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMOREVermulm joins Stockman Asset Management as chief investment officerCONRAD –  Eric Vermulm joined Stockman Asset Management, Inc. as the chief investment officer. His responsibilities include the oversight of SAM’s investment strategies as well as economic research, analysis of the markets, and individual security selection to find the best investment alternatives for clients.Vermulm brings over 14 years of investing and financial experience to the position. His background in portfolio management includes a unique mix of equity analysis and fixed income research focused on high-quality investments and defensive portfolios.A Montana native, Vermulm earned his bachelor of science degree from Montana State University in business finance with an economics minor. He also holds the Chartered Financial Analyst designation.Vermulm is located at 420 South Main Street in Conrad and may be reached at 278-8209.Stockman Asset Management is an SEC Registered Investment Advisor and a wholly owned subsidiary of Stockman Financial Corp., a family-owned bank holding company serving the banking and investment needs of customers throughout the region.Read or Share this story: http://gftrib.com/2bx301F
TOP VIDEOS
Two must-have apps that make investing easy1:47Two low-risk investments every Millennial should know2:07Tax 101: A brief history of taxation2:19There's no business like snow business1:02







						Stockman Asset Management Upped By $335,274 Its Glaxosmithkline Plc Adr (GSK) Stake, Guaranty Federal Bancshares Has 1.67 Sentiment - Flint Daily								







 































































Finance
Business
Stock News
Penny Stock News
Contact
Privacy Policy
Comment Policy






Stockman Asset Management Upped By $335,274 Its Glaxosmithkline Plc Adr (GSK) Stake, Guaranty Federal Bancshares Has 1.67 Sentiment

July 25, 2017 - By wolcottdaily

Stockman Asset Management increased Glaxosmithkline Plc Adr (GSK) stake by 17.34% reported in 2016Q4 SEC filing. Stockman Asset Management acquired 8,823 shares as Glaxosmithkline Plc Adr (GSK)’s stock rose 5.47%. The Stockman Asset Management holds 59,692 shares with $2.30M value, up from 50,869 last quarter. Glaxosmithkline Plc Adr now has $100.35B valuation. The stock declined 0.59% or $0.25 reaching $41.99 on the news. About 1.50M shares traded. GlaxoSmithKline plc (ADR) (NYSE:GSK) has risen 4.26% since July 25, 2016 and is uptrending. It has underperformed by 12.44% the S&P500.
Guaranty Federal Bancshares, Inc. is the savings and loan holding firm for Guaranty Federal Savings Bank . The company has market cap of $97.36 million. The Firm operates through banking operation segment. It has a 16 P/E ratio. The banking segment is engaged in the business of originating mortgage loans secured by one- to four-family residences, multi-family, construction, commercial and consumer loans.







 About 515 shares traded. Guaranty Federal Bancshares, Inc. (GFED) has risen 25.01% since July 25, 2016 and is uptrending. It has outperformed by 8.31% the S&P500.
Eidelman Virant Capital holds 1.75% of its portfolio in Guaranty Federal Bancshares, Inc. for 144,935 shares. Fj Capital Management Llc owns 330,700 shares or 1.04% of their US portfolio. Moreover, Stieven Capital Advisors L.P. has 0.67% invested in the company for 159,600 shares. The Florida-based Zpr Investment Management has invested 0.48% in the stock. Ejf Capital Llc, a Virginia-based fund reported 197,990 shares.
Stockman Asset Management decreased First Intst Bancsystem (NASDAQ:FIBK) stake by 20,068 shares to 38,844 valued at $1.65 million in 2016Q4. It also reduced Bristol (NYSE:BMY) stake by 7,795 shares and now owns 27,630 shares. Baker Hughes Inc (NYSE:BHI) was reduced too. 
Among 14 analysts covering GlaxoSmithKline (NYSE:GSK), 7 have Buy rating, 0 Sell and 7 Hold. Therefore 50% are positive. GlaxoSmithKline had 21 analyst reports since September 8, 2015 according to SRatingsIntel. The company was initiated on Friday, February 26 by Cantor Fitzgerald. The firm has “Neutral” rating by J P Morgan Chase Co given on Friday, June 16. Piperjaffray initiated the stock with “Overweight” rating in Friday, September 23 report. The company was upgraded on Thursday, July 14 by Jefferies. BNP Paribas upgraded the shares of GSK in report on Tuesday, September 15 to “Neutral” rating. The firm earned “Neutral” rating on Tuesday, September 8 by Bank of America. Citigroup downgraded the stock to “Neutral” rating in Wednesday, July 5 report. The firm earned “Buy” rating on Monday, December 7 by Argus Research. On Wednesday, April 5 the stock rating was upgraded by BNP Paribas to “Neutral”. The company was upgraded on Friday, May 26 by Berenberg.


Receive News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with our FREE daily email newsletter.











 





Free Email Newsletter Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with our free daily email newsletter:






  Recent Posts 

Mufg Americas Holdings Has Lifted Its Bank New York Mellon (BK) Position; Andersons Has 1.28 Sentiment


Poplar Forest Capital Lowered Baker Hughes (BHI) Holding By $10.76 Million, 2 Analysts Covering Mylan (SWX:MYL)


Medallion Financial (MFIN) Reaches $2.64 After 6.00% Up Move; 4 Bullish Analysts Covering HAMMERSON ORD GBP0.25 (HMSNF)


Warrior Met Coal (HCC) Reaches $20.17 High on Jul, 26, Shorts at Arts Way Mfg Company (ARTW) Lowered By 9.3%


As Harman Intl Inds (HAR) Stock Value Were Volatile, Shareholder Susquehanna International Group Llp Boosted Position, Norfolk Southern Co (NSC) Shareholder Interocean Capital Increased Position by $890,892 as Stock Value Declined


$0.35 EPS Expected for SPX (SPXC); Arris International Plc Ord (ARRS) Sellers Increased By 9.62% Their Shorts


Black Knight Financial Services (BKFS) Reaches $43.20 High on Jul, 26, Caci International (CACI) Sentiment Is 1.36


Mark Sheptoff Financial Planning Decreased Oracle (ORCL) Position, Armour Residential Reit (ARR) SI Increased By 31.31%


Winslow Asset Management Upped Its Aspen Insurance Holdings LTD (AHL) Stake, Euclidean Technologies Management Has Cut By $367,900 Its Acco Brands (ACCO) Position


Quaker Chemical (KWR) Reaches $153.09 52-Week High, Aramark (ARMK) Shorts Raised By 14.41%






© Copyright 2011-2017 Flint Daily










Get the Next Big Winner in your inbox Before the Bell

Lists*Consumer Eagle























