    Stocosil Inc | ZoomInfo.com    Vuong Trieu | Stocosil Inc | ZoomInfo.com

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Stocosil Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 5:50 PM ET
Pharmaceuticals

Company Overview of Stocosil Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Stocosil Inc., a development stage pharmaceutical company that focuses on the research, development, and commercialization of products for the treatment of high blood pressure and high cholesterol. It markets its products in the United States, Canada, Australia, Japan, Taiwan, and certain South American countries. The company was founded in 2014 and is based in City of Industry, California.


17870 Castleton StreetSuite 250City of Industry, CA 91748United StatesFounded in 2014



Phone: 626-964-5788

stocosil.com







Key Executives for Stocosil Inc.




Mr. Pyng Soon Esq., CPA


      	Chief Executive Officer
      


Age: 57
        







Dr. Vuong Trieu Ph.D.


      	Chairman and Chief Regulatory Officer
      


Age: 54
        







 Chulho Park


      	CBO
      








 Osmond D'Cruz Ph.D., DABT


      	Senior Director of Drug Safety
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Stocosil Inc. Key Developments

Stocosil Inc. Presents at ChinaBio Partnering Forum 2016, May-18-2016
Apr 13 16
Stocosil Inc. Presents at ChinaBio Partnering Forum 2016, May-18-2016 . Venue: Suzhou, China.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 1st Order Pharmaceuticals, Inc. United States 21st Century Animal Health United States 3 Buds' Organics LLC United States 4P Therapeutics LLC United States 60° Pharmaceuticals, LLC United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Stocosil Inc., please visit stocosil.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close
































VIA Folio - Stocosil Inc.








 Stocosil Inc. 










Company

Stocosil is a pharmaceutical company delivering next generation products that treat the double-threat of hypertension and high cholesterol. Stocosil strikes at the heart of cardiovascular disease with their lead drug product, Kybiqo -a dual-drug pill that simultaneously treats hypertension and high cholesterol, that may reduce risk by a dramatic 45%. Kybiqo is a fixed dose combination of olmesartan medoxomil and rosuvastatin calcium which currently does not exist in the United States.

Kybiqo is the same drug treatment as Olostar® which has been approved in South Korea since April 2014 for use by Daewoong Pharmaceuticals Co. Ltd.,- a company incorporated under the laws of South Korea ("Daewoong"). The Company has recently obtained the rights to Daewoong's dual-drug pill for development and marketing in the United States, Canada, Japan, Taiwan and Australia.Stocosil plans to submit a 505(b)(2) New Drug Application (NDA) to obtain regulatory approval in the United States for the treatment of combined hypertension and hyperlipidemia using data from three South Korean clinical studies conducted by Daewoong as well as bridging studies demonstrating similar pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics (PK/PD) among Caucasian and South Korean populations.In addition to Kybiqo, Stocosil has a strong pipeline of products that will tap into a large global market and multi-billion dollar revenue potential.Stocosil boasts an impressive management team possessing significant experience in drug development.
Investment Offering 
Stocosil Inc. is raising up to $11 million in an equity offering at $15 per share via a Regulation A+ offering under Title IV of the Jumpstart our Business (JOBS) Act.



Details

Total issue: Up to $11 million
Minimum Investment: $500
Underwriter: Boustead Securities, LLC
Available to accredited and non-accredited investors

Offering Documents

   Offering Circular


Subscribe 


There are significant  risks investing in private securities. VIA Folio is only available to U.S. citizens and permanent residents. Some offerings require you to be an accredited investor in order to participate.
 Already a Folio Investing customer?
 Simply login to your account and click the Private Investing icon  at the top of the page.
  Login






 Financial Advisors 


If you are not a client of Folio Institutional and/or if you are a client and do not have access to “Private Investing” on folioInstitutional.com,
email support@viafolio.com or call (888) 485-3456.


To view and subscribe to current offers, login to folioInstitutional.com and click on any client account for which you have either trader or
account manager access. Select “Offerings” under the words “Private Investing” on the right side of the page.









Legal
Risks
Important Disclosures
Privacy & Security
Financial Statement



Contact
info@viafolio.com
(888) 485-3456







Address
VIA Folio
                8180 Greensboro Drive
                8th Floor
                McLean, VA 22102














Stocosil | Pharmaceutical Innovations for Healthier Hearts






































































 















 INVEST NOW






























SEE INVESTOR DECK
INVEST NOW

Medical Innovations for theDouble-Threat of Hypertension and High Cholesterol.
Two Remedies.One Pill.Two Remedies.One Pill.Medical Innovations for the Double-Threat of Hypertension and High Cholesterol.

INVEST NOW
SEE INVESTOR DECK




Stocosil strikes at the heart of cardiovascular disease with their lead drug product, Kybiqo, a dual-drug pill that may reduce risk by up to 45%.


 


ABOUT

 


Overview
 
Stocosil is a pharmaceutical company delivering next generation products that treat the double-threat of hypertension and high cholesterol.
 
Stocosil strikes at the heart of cardiovascular disease with their lead drug product, Kybiqo —a dual-drug pill that simultaneously treats hypertension and high cholesterol, that may reduce risk by a dramatic 45%. Kybiqo is a fixed dose combination of olmesartan medoxomil and rosuvastatin calcium which currently does not exist in the United States.
 
In addition to Kybiqo, Stocosil has a strong pipeline of products that will tap into a large global market and multi-billion dollar revenue potential.
 
Stocosil boasts an impressive management team possessing significant experience in drug development.
 


History & Business Plan
 
Stocosil was founded by incubator Autotelic Inc. in December 2014, for the purpose of licensing and commercializing Kybiqo, which is currently marketed in South Korea under the brand name Olostar® by Daewoong Pharmaceuticals.
 
Stocosil has licensed the rights from Daewoong to commercialize Kybiqo in the United States, Canada, Japan, Taiwan and Australia. The license includes Daewoong’s patent portfolio, comprising a key drug formulation patent.
 
Our business plan is first to market and sell Kybiqo in the United States, as well as other countries in which we hold a license.

 


TRACTION

 
Significant Market Opportunity
Total accessible U.S. market opportunity of $1-$3 billion.Clear Regulatory Pathway
Positive feedback from FDA. Kybiqo currently sold as Olostar® in South Korea. Data from previous studies available.Multi-Product
Pipeline
Multi-product pipeline targeting unmet clinical needs with large market potential.
Positioned for Rapid Growth
Rights to well-defined markets, U.S., Canada, Japan, Taiwan and Australia. Manufacturing and distribution supported by well-established partners.Patented
FDC Drug
Patent-protected FDC and technology backed by proprietary and exclusive IP licenses and additional patents.Management
Team
High caliber management team with extensive industry experience and successful track record in drug development.









PHARMACEUTICALS
 
We are a pharmaceutical company engaged in the discovery, acquisition, development and commercialization of proprietary drug therapies in the U.S. and foreign territories. Our primary therapeutic focus is hypertension and hypercholesterolemia. We currently have three clinical development programs underway:
 
ST-101 – FDA approval of Kybiqo, a dual-drug pill treating hypertension and hypercholesterolemia.
ST-102 – FDA approval of our dual-drug pill coupled with a therapeutic drug monitoring device to maximize drug adherence.
ST-103 – FDA approval of higher dose dual-drug pill coupled with a therapeutic drug monitoring device to treat familial hypercholesterolemia.
 
Kybiqo is being developed for the treatment of combined hypercholesterolemia and hypertension. Olmesartan medoxomil is marketed as Benicar® tablets by Daiichi-Sankyo, Inc. and rosuvastatin calcium is marketed as Crestor® tablets by AstraZeneca Pharmaceuticals, LP.
 
Kybiqo is the same drug treatment as Olostar® which is now marketed in South Korea by Daewoong Pharmaceuticals Co. Ltd.,– a company incorporated under the laws of South Korea (“Daewoong”). The dose strength of ST-101, 40/20, 20/20, 20/10 and 20/5 (mg of olmesartan medoxomil/mg of rosuvastatin calcium), is the same dose strength as Olostar®, commercialized in South Korea.
 
In April 2014, Daewoong’s dual-drug pill containing the active pharmaceutical ingredients olmesartan medoxomil and rosuvastatin calcium was approved in South Korea and is marketed by Daewoong as Olostar®.
 
The Company has recently obtained the rights to Daewoong’s dual-drug pill for development and marketing in the United States, Canada, Japan, Taiwan and Australia.
 
Stocosil plans to submit a 505(b)(2) New Drug Application (NDA) to obtain regulatory approval in the United States for the treatment of combined hypertension and hyperlipidemia using data from three South Korean clinical studies conducted by Daewoong as well as bridging studies demonstrating similar pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics (PK/PD) among Caucasian and South Korean populations.
 
.

 


EXECUTIVE TEAM

 








PYNG SOON, ESQ CPA
Chief Executive Officer
 
Mr. Pyng Soon has been our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary since December 2014. From July 2009 to December 31, 2014, he was an in house general counsel of EFT Holdings, Inc., a public company traded in OTC BB. Mr. Soon has previously held positions with large public companies and accounting firms, including Yokohama Tire Corporation, KPMG, and Murchison and Cumming, LLP.

 








VUONG TRIEU, PHD
President & Director
 
Dr. Trieu has been involved in drug discovery and development for over 20 years and has directly supported seven drug candidates from preclinical to clinical to commercialization.
Previously, he served at Parker Hughes Center as director of Cardiovascular Biology program that evaluated a series of small molecules and biologics against preclinical models of atherosclerosis, dyslipidemia, stroke, ALS, and restenosis. Dr. Trieu has 34 peer-reviewed scientific articles and has 25 issued patents and 62 patent applications.

 








CHULHO PARK, PHD
Chief Business Officer
 
Dr. Park has more than 15 years of biologics R&D and leadership experience across diverse biotech and pharma settings.
Previously, he was President and CEO of MabPrex leading the pharmaceutical development of therapeutic drug candidates.  He was also President of Pharmaceutical Development at IgDraSol leading the CMC group and bringing manufacturing of drug products to FDA standards.  Dr. Park also has held positions at Applied Molecular Evolution, Eli Lilly, and aTyr Pharma.  Dr. Park received his doctorate in Biochemistry from Korea University and he completed postdoctoral training at Stanford University School of Medicine.

 








OSMOND D’CRUZ, PHD
Senior Director of Drug Safety
 
Dr. D’Cruz has over 15 years of preclinical drug development experience in academic and biopharmaceutical settings.  
Dr. D’Cruz has held positions at Abraxis BioScience, Celgene, Children’s Hospital Los Angeles, Igdrasol/Sorrento Therapeutics, and Paradigm Pharmaceuticals.
He has over 120 peer-reviewed scientific publications, 95 scientific presentations in national and international meetings, 18 issued US patents and 13 peer-reviewed research grants from the NIH.

 


CONTACT

 
Web
TheASMX.comPhone
818.852.5553Email
info@stocosil.com





Invest NowSee Investor Deck





























ASMX Capital Advisors - Stocosil



















































































Is Reg A+ Right For You? Click Here.











Member Login






 
Email Address


Password



 
Sign In
 


Remember Me
 
Forgot Password?


 





        Sign Up      




Sign Up







Create Account

Name


Email Address


You will use your email address to login.
Password


Passwords must be at least 6 characters in length.
Password Again


Enter your password again for confirmation.
Profile Type



Regular Member
Broker - Dealer - R.I.A.

Timezone


(UTC-8) Pacific Time (US & Canada)
(UTC-7) Mountain Time (US & Canada)
(UTC-6) Central Time (US & Canada)
(UTC-5) Eastern Time (US & Canada)
(UTC-4)  Atlantic Time (Canada)
(UTC-9)  Alaska (US & Canada)
(UTC-10) Hawaii (US)
(UTC-11) Midway Island, Samoa
(UTC-12) Eniwetok, Kwajalein
(UTC-3:30) Canada/Newfoundland
(UTC-3) Brasilia, Buenos Aires, Georgetown
(UTC-2) Mid-Atlantic
(UTC-1) Azores, Cape Verde Is.
Greenwich Mean Time (Lisbon, London)
(UTC+1) Amsterdam, Berlin, Paris, Rome, Madrid
(UTC+2) Athens, Helsinki, Istanbul, Cairo, E. Europe
(UTC+3) Baghdad, Kuwait, Nairobi, Moscow
(UTC+3:30) Tehran
(UTC+4) Abu Dhabi, Kazan, Muscat
(UTC+4:30) Kabul
(UTC+5) Islamabad, Karachi, Tashkent
(UTC+5:30) Bombay, Calcutta, New Delhi
(UTC+5:45) Nepal
(UTC+6) Almaty, Dhaka
(UTC+6:30) Cocos Islands, Yangon
(UTC+7) Bangkok, Jakarta, Hanoi
(UTC+8) Beijing, Hong Kong, Singapore, Taipei
(UTC+9) Tokyo, Osaka, Sapporto, Seoul, Yakutsk
(UTC+9:30) Adelaide, Darwin
(UTC+10) Brisbane, Melbourne, Sydney, Guam
(UTC+11) Magadan, Solomon Is., New Caledonia
(UTC+12) Fiji, Kamchatka, Marshall Is., Wellington

 

I have read and agree to the terms of service.
 
Continue







          Member Login        







	            Sign In
	          




	              Sign Up
	            


























Investments


Home


Albums


Groups


Videos















Offerings












How It Works












About Us












Contact






























0%








 











Stocosil

4 followers



Invest Now

Invest Now


Invest Now


Invest Now




























Funding Goal
$11,000,100





Amount Pledged
$0





Equity
0%






Days Left

Unlimited





followers4















Company Info









Invest Now






Company Overview
Pharmaceuticals
Management Team
Pitch Deck
Documents
Factright Report
Offering Circular






Company Overview





Stocosil is a pharmaceutical company delivering next generation products that treat the double-threat of hypertension and high cholesterol.
Stocosil strikes at the heart of cardiovascular disease with their lead drug product, Kybiqo —a dual-drug pill that simultaneously treats hypertension and high cholesterol, that may reduce risk by a dramatic 45%. Kybiqo is a fixed dose combination of olmesartan medoxomil and rosuvastatin calcium which currently does not exist in the United States.
In addition to Kybiqo, Stocosil has a strong pipeline of products that will tap into a large global market and multi-billion dollar revenue potential.
Stocosil boasts an impressive management team possessing significant experience in drug development.



Location: City Of Industry, CA, United States (Get Directions)
Phone: (818) 852-5553
Website:  http://www.stocosil.com

 




Pharmaceuticals

We are a pharmaceutical company engaged in the discovery,   acquisition, development and commercialization of proprietary drug   therapies in the U.S. and foreign territories. Our primary therapeutic   focus is hypertension and hypercholesterolemia. We currently have three   clinical development programs underway:
ST-101 – FDA approval of Kybiqo, a dual-drug pill treating hypertension and hypercholesterolemia.
ST-102 – FDA approval of our dual-drug pill coupled with a therapeutic drug monitoring device to maximize drug adherence.
ST-103 – FDA approval of higher dose dual-drug pill   coupled with a therapeutic drug monitoring device to treat familial   hypercholesterolemia.
Kybiqo is being developed for the treatment of combined   hypercholesterolemia and hypertension. Olmesartan medoxomil is marketed   as Benicar® tablets by Daiichi-Sankyo, Inc. and rosuvastatin calcium is marketed as Crestor® tablets by AstraZeneca Pharmaceuticals, LP.
Kybiqo is the same drug treatment as Olostar® which is now   marketed in South Korea by Daewoong Pharmaceuticals Co. Ltd.,– a   company incorporated under the laws of South Korea ("Daewoong"). The   dose strength of ST-101, 40/20, 20/20, 20/10 and 20/5 (mg of olmesartan   medoxomil/mg of rosuvastatin calcium), is the same dose strength as   Olostar® , commercialized in South Korea.
In April 2014, Daewoong's dual-drug pill containing the active   pharmaceutical ingredients olmesartan medoxomil and rosuvastatin calcium   was approved in South Korea and is marketed by Daewoong as Olostar® .
The Company has recently obtained the rights to Daewoong's dual-drug   pill for development and marketing in the United States, Canada, Japan,   Taiwan and Australia.
Stocosil plans to submit a 505(b)(2) New Drug Application (NDA) to   obtain regulatory approval in the United States for the treatment of   combined hypertension and hyperlipidemia using data from three South   Korean clinical studies conducted by Daewoong as well as bridging   studies demonstrating similar pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics   (PK/PD) among Caucasian and South Korean populations.


Management Team









Pyng Soon, Chief Executive Officer: Mr. Pyng Soon has been our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary since December 2014. From July 2009 to December 31, 2014, he was an in house general counsel of EFT Holdings, Inc., a public company traded in OTC BB. Mr. Soon has previously held positions with large public companies and accounting firms, including Yokohama Tire Corporation, KPMG, and Murchison and Cumming, LLP.





Vuong Trieu, President & Director: Dr. Trieu has been involved in drug discovery and development for over 20 years and has directly supported seven drug candidates from preclinical to clinical to commercialization.
Previously, he served at Parker Hughes Center as director of Cardiovascular Biology program that evaluated a series of small molecules and biologics against preclinical models of atherosclerosis, dyslipidemia, stroke, ALS, and restenosis. Dr. Trieu has 34 peer-reviewed scientific articles and has 25 issued patents and 62 patent applications.





Chulho Park, Chief Business Officer: Dr. Park has more than 15 years of biologics R&D and leadership experience across diverse biotech and pharma settings.
Previously, he was President and CEO of MabPrex leading the pharmaceutical development of therapeutic drug candidates.  He was also President of Pharmaceutical Development at IgDraSol leading the CMC group and bringing manufacturing of drug products to FDA standards.  Dr. Park also has held positions at Applied Molecular Evolution, Eli Lilly, and aTyr Pharma.  Dr. Park received his doctorate in Biochemistry from Korea University and he completed postdoctoral training at Stanford University School of Medicine.





Osmond D'Cruz, Senior Director of Drug Safety: Dr. D’Cruz has over 15 years of preclinical drug development experience in academic and biopharmaceutical settings.
Dr. D’Cruz has held positions at Abraxis BioScience, Celgene, Children’s Hospital Los Angeles, Igdrasol/Sorrento Therapeutics, and Paradigm Pharmaceuticals.
He has over 120 peer-reviewed scientific publications, 95 scientific presentations in national and international meetings, 18 issued US patents and 13 peer-reviewed research grants from the NIH.





Pitch Deck







Download Now





Download All



Documents

1. Exhibits

Exhibit 1.1 Placement Agent Agreement w Boustead Securities LLCExhibit 2.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Inc of Stocosil IncExhibit 2.2 Bylaws of the RegistrantExhibit 3.1 Specimen Common Stock Certificate of StocosilExhibit 4.1 Consulting Agreement with ASMX CapitalExhibit 6.1 Product Development License and Commercialization AgreementExhibit 6.2 Master Service AgreementExhibit 6.3 Form of Convertible NoteExhibit 6.4 Form of Convertible NoteExhibit 6.5 Form of Convertible NoteExhibit 6.6 WarrantsExhibit 6.7 WarrantsExhibit 6.8 WarrantsExhibit 6.9 WarrantsExhibit 6.10 WarrantsExhibit 6.11 WarrantsExhibit 9.1 Indemnification AgreementExhibit 9.2 Indemnification AgreementExhibit 9.3 Indemnification AgreementExhibit 9.4 Indemnification AgreementExhibit 11.1 ConsentExhibit 11.2 and 12.1 OpinionExhibit 15.1 Escrow Services adn Custody Agreement 


Download All






Private Listing
Access Required
At the page owners request this page is private.Please use the button below to request access.
Request Access







Factright Reports

Downloads

FactRight Report - Stocosil, Inc. (December 2016) 





Private Listing
Access Required
At the page owners request this page is private.Please use the button below to request access.
Request Access






Offering Circular




AN OFFERING STATEMENT REGARDING THIS OFFERING HAS BEEN FILED WITH THE SEC. THE SEC HAS QUALIFIED THAT OFFERING STATEMENT. THIS MEANS THAT THE COMPANY MAY MAKE SALES OF THE SECURITIES DESCRIBED IN THE OFFERING STATEMENT. IT DOES NOT MEAN THAT THE SEC HAS APPROVED, PASSED UPON THE MERITS OR PASSED UPON THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE INFORMATION IN THE OFFERING STATEMENT. YOU MAY OBTAIN A COPY OF THE OFFERING CIRCULAR THAT IS PART OF THAT OFFERING STATEMENT FROM:
"Stocosil Offering Circular - FINAL.pdf"
THESE MATERIALS MAY CONTAIN FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS AND INFORMATION RELATING TO, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE COMPANY, ITS BUSINESS PLAN AND STRATEGY AND ITS INDUSTRY. THESE FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS ARE BASED ON THE BELIEFS OF, ASSUMPTIONS MADE BY, AND INFORMATION CURRENTLY AVAILABLE TO THE COMPANY’S MANAGEMENT. THESE STATEMENTS REFLECT MANAGEMENT’S CURRENT VIEWS WITH RESPECT TO FUTURE EVENTS AND ARE SUBJECT TO RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES THAT COULD CAUSE THE COMPANY’S ACTUAL RESULTS TO DIFFER MATERIALLY FROM THOSE CONTAINED IN THE FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS.  INVESTORS ARE CAUTIONED NOT TO PLACE UNDUE RELIANCE ON THESE FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS, WHICH SPEAK ONLY AS OF THE DATE ON WHICH THEY ARE MADE. THE COMPANY DOES NOT UNDERTAKE ANY OBLIGATION TO REVISE OR UPDATE THESE FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS TO REFLECT EVENTS OR CIRCUMSTANCES AFTER SUCH DATE OR TO REFLECT THE OCCURRENCE OF UNANTICIPATED EVENTS YOU SHOULD READ THE OFFERING CIRCULAR BEFORE MAKING ANY INVESTMENT.






























(200 symbols max)



(256 symbols max)





Share with LinkedIn

 











CapRocq Core Marketing Disclaimer

This Presentation (the “Presentation”) has been prepared solely for informational purposes by CapRocq Core REIT, Inc (“CapRocq”) and is being furnished through Boustead Securities, LLC (“Boustead Securities”) solely for use by prospective investors and other third parties in connection with their consideration of an investment in CapRocq. This presentation is not, and should not be assumed to be, complete. This presentation has been prepared to assist interested parties in making an evaluation of CapRocq and does not purport to contain all of the information that may be relevant. In all cases, interested parties should conduct their own investigation and analysis of CapRocq and the data set forth in this presentation and other information provided by or on behalf of CapRocq. In addition, certain of the information contained herein may be derived from information provided by industry sources. CapRocq believes that such information is accurate and that the sources from which it has been obtained are reliable. CapRocq cannot guarantee the accuracy of such information, however, and has not independently verified such information. The information presented herein remains subject to change. Statements in this presentation are made as of the date of this presentation unless stated otherwise.
This presentation also contains statements that, to the extent they are not recitations of historical fact, constitute “forward-looking statements.” Forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of terms such as “may,” “should,” “expect,” “could,” “intend,” “plan,” “anticipate,” “estimate,” “believe,” “continue,” “predict,” and/or “potential.” The forward-looking statements included herein are based upon CapRocq’s current expectations, plans, estimates, assumptions and beliefs that involve numerous risks and uncertainties. Assumptions relating to the foregoing involve judgments with respect to, among other things, future economic, competitive and market conditions and future business decisions, all of which are difficult or impossible to predict accurately and many of which are beyond CapRocq’s control. Although CapRocq believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, CapRocq’s actual results and performance and the value of its securities could differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements due to the impact of many factors including, but not limited to, risks and uncertainties detailed in the “Risk Factors” in the Risk Factors section of CapRocq’s Final Offering Circular on Form 253G2 filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, dated March 17, 2017, and other discussions of risk factors contained in CapRocq’s periodic filings or supplements to the offering circular. CapRocq claims the safe harbor protection for forward looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. CapRocq undertakes no obligation to update or revise any such information for any reason after the date of this presentation, unless required by law.
In addition, in considering any prior performance information, prospective investors should bear in mind that past results are not necessarily indicative of future results, and there can be no assurance that results comparable to those discussed herein will be achieved. This presentation is not an Offering Circular for CapRocq. Investors must review the Offering Circular for CapRocq and sign a subscription agreement attesting that they reviewed the Offering Circular before making an investment in CapRocq.




CapRocq Core Risk Factors

Prospective  investors should be aware that an investment in shares of the Company's common  stock involves a high, and sometimes speculative, degree  of risk, and is suitable only for persons or entities that are able to evaluate  the risks of the investment. An investment in  our shares should be made only by persons or entities able to bear the risk of  and to withstand the total loss of their investment. Prospective investors  should carefully read this offering circular prior to making a decision to  purchase shares. 
It is impossible  to accurately predict the results to an investor from an investment in shares  of the Company's common stock because of  general risks associated with the ownership and operation of real estate, the  risks associated with the types of properties the Company intends to acquire,  and certain tax risks, among other risks. These risks may be exacerbated by the  additional risks associated with the specific properties that the Company  acquires and the ownership structure of the Investment. Such specific risks  include, but are not limited to, high vacancy rates, tenants in possession but  not paying rent, tenants paying rent but who have "gone dark," properties that  need substantial capital improvements and/or repositioning in their local  markets, properties that are not generating income, and risks relating to joint  venture and co-investor structures. In addition, prospective investors must  rely solely upon the Advisor to identify Investment opportunities and to  negotiate any debt financing. Prospective investors who are unwilling to rely  solely on the Advisor should not invest in our shares. 
Each prospective  investor should consider carefully the risk involved in this offering, and  should consult with his own legal, tax, and financial advisors with respect  thereto prior to investing in shares of the Company's common stock. Examples of  a few risks in this offering are the following:
• Upon raising the minimum  offering amount, we will only own one Investment
• Our Advisor may not be  successful in identifying and consummating suitable investment opportunities.
• Investments in real  estate-related assets can be speculative.
• Adverse economic  conditions may negatively affect our results of operations and, as a result,  our ability to make distributions to our stockholders or to realize  appreciation in the value of our Investments.
• REIT distribution  requirements could adversely affect our liquidity.
• We may have conflicts of  interest with our Advisor and other affiliates, which could result in investment  decisions that are not in the best interests of our stockholders.
• We have used and may  continue to use mortgage and other debt financing to acquire properties or  interests in properties and otherwise incur other indebtedness, which increases  our expenses and could subject us to the risk of losing properties in  foreclosure if our cash flow is insufficient to make loan payments.
• A limit on the percentage  of our securities a person may own may discourage a takeover or business  combination, which could prevent our stockholders from realizing a premium  price for their stock.
• The price of our common  stock may fluctuate significantly.
Prior to this offering, there has been no public market for CapRocq Core REIT, Inc.'s Common Stock, therefore our  Company cannot predict the extent to which an active market for its Common  Stock will develop or be sustained after this offering, or how the development  of such a market might affect the market price of its common stock. For a  complete discussion of risks, please refer to the Form 1-A. A Form 1-A offering  circular relating to these securities has been qualified by the Securities and  Exchange Commission. You may obtain a copy of the final offering circular here: https://www.theasmx.com/investment/caprocqcorereit The Form-1-A contains  forward-looking statements reflecting current expectations that involve risks  and uncertainties. These forward looking statements include statements  regarding commercialization plans, projected timelines, etc. Actual results and  the timing of events may differ materially from those contained in these  forward-looking statements due to a number of factors, including those  discussed in the section entitled "Risk Factors" and elsewhere in the  offering circular. This document shall not constitute an offer to sell or the  solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these  securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or  sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the  securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction. No money or other  consideration is being solicited in connection with this document, and if sent  in response, will not be accepted. Any person's indication of interest involves  no obligation or commitment of any kind.













Stocosil Marketing Disclaimer

This Presentation (the “Presentation”) has been prepared solely for informational purposes by Stocosil, Inc. (“Stocosil”) and is being furnished through Boustead Securities, LLC (“Boustead Securities”) solely for use by prospective investors and other third parties in connection with their consideration of an investment in Stocosil. This presentation is not, and should not be assumed to be, complete. This presentation has been prepared to assist interested parties in making their own evaluation of Stocosil and does not purport to contain all of the information that may be relevant. In all cases, interested parties should conduct their own investigation and analysis of Stocosil and the data set forth in this presentation and other information provided by or on behalf of Stocosil. Any views and opinions expressed in this presentation are those of Stocosil and do not necessarily represent facts. In addition, certain of the information contained herein may be derived from information provided by industry sources. Stocosil believes that such information is accurate and that the sources from which it has been obtained are reliable. Stocosil cannot guarantee the accuracy of such information, however, and has not independently verified such information. The information presented herein remains subject to change. Statements in this presentation are made as of the date of this presentation unless stated otherwise.
This presentation also contains statements that, to the extent they are not recitations of historical fact, constitute “forward-looking statements.” Forward-looking statements are typically identified by the use of terms such as “may,” “should,” “expect,” “could,” “intend,” “plan,” “anticipate,” “estimate,” “believe,” “continue,” “predict,” “potential” or the negative of such terms and other comparable terminology. The forward-looking statements included herein are based upon Stocosil’s current expectations, plans, estimates, assumptions and beliefs that involve numerous risks and uncertainties. Assumptions relating to the foregoing involve judgments with respect to, among other things, future economic, competitive and market conditions and future business decisions, all of which are difficult or impossible to predict accurately and many of which are beyond Stocosil’s control. Although Stocosil believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, Stocosil’s actual results and performance and the value of its securities could differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements due to the impact of many factors including, but not limited to, risks and uncertainties detailed in the “Risk Factors” in the Risk Factors section of Stocosil’s Offering Circular on Form 1-A, filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and other discussions of risk factors contained in Stocosil’s periodic filings or supplements to the offering circular. Stocosil Offering Circular on Form 1-A can be found at https://www.theasmx.com/investment/stocosil. Stocosil claims the safe harbor protection for forward looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Stocosil undertakes no obligation to update or revise any such information for any reason after the date of this presentation, unless required by law.
Investment in Stocosil’s securities involves significant risks. You should purchase these securities only if you can afford a complete loss of your investment.




Stocosil Risk Factors

Investing in our Common Stock involves a high degree of risk. Some examples of certain risks that you should consider in connection with an investment in our Common Stock are the following:
•	We are a development-stage company subject to all of the risks and uncertainties of a new business, including the risk that we may never develop, complete development or market any of our products or generate product related revenues.
•	We do not have any products that are approved for commercial sale and therefore do not expect to generate any revenues from product sales in the foreseeable future, if ever.
•	We are heavily dependent on the success of ST-101, ST-102 and ST-103, and we cannot give assurance that our products will receive regulatory approval, which is necessary before the products can be commercialized.
•	Our ability to protect our intellectual property rights will be critically important to the success of our business, and we may not be able to protect these rights in the U.S. or abroad.
Prior to this offering, there has been no public market for Stocosil’s Common Stock, therefore our company cannot predict the extent to which an active market for its Common Stock will develop or be sustained after this offering, or how the development of such a market might affect the market price of its common stock. Investors in this offering will experience immediate and substantial dilution and market price of our company’s common stock may fluctuate. For a complete discussion of risks, please refer to the Form 1-A. The offering is being made only by means of an offering circular. An offering statement on Form 1-A relating to these securities has been qualified by the Securities and Exchange Commission. You may obtain a copy of our final offering circular here: https://www.theasmx.com/investment/stocosil.  This document contains forward-looking statements reflecting current expectations that involve risks and uncertainties. These forward looking statements include statements regarding commercialization plans, projected timelines, etc. Actual results and the timing of events may differ materially from those contained in these forward-looking statements due to a number of factors, including those discussed in the section entitled "Risk Factors" and elsewhere in the offering circular. This document shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction. No money or other consideration is being solicited in connection with this document, and if sent in response, will not be accepted. Any person's indication of interest involves no obligation or commitment of any kind.













Teraphysics Marketing Disclaimer

This Presentation (the “Presentation”) has been prepared solely for informational purposes by Teraphysics Corporation (“Teraphysics”) and is being furnished through Boustead Securities, LLC (“Boustead Securities”) solely for use by prospective investors and other third parties in connection with their consideration of an investment in Teraphysics. This presentation is not, and should not be assumed to be, complete. This presentation has been prepared to assist interested parties in making their own evaluation of Teraphysics and does not purport to contain all of the information that may be relevant. In all cases, interested parties should conduct their own investigation and analysis of Teraphysics and the data set forth in this presentation and other information provided by or on behalf of Teraphysics. Any views and opinions expressed in this presentation are those of Teraphysics and do not necessarily represent facts. In addition, certain of the information contained herein may be derived from information provided by industry sources. Teraphysics believes that such information is accurate and that the sources from which it has been obtained are reliable. Teraphysics cannot guarantee the accuracy of such information, however, and has not independently verified such information. The information presented herein remains subject to change. Statements in this presentation are made as of the date of this presentation unless stated otherwise.
This presentation also contains statements that, to the extent they are not recitations of historical fact, constitute “forward-looking statements.” Forward-looking statements are typically identified by the use of terms such as “may,” “should,” “expect,” “could,” “intend,” “plan,” “anticipate,” “estimate,” “believe,” “continue,” “predict,” “potential” or the negative of such terms and other comparable terminology. The forward-looking statements included herein are based upon Teraphysics’ current expectations, plans, estimates, assumptions and beliefs that involve numerous risks and uncertainties. Assumptions relating to the foregoing involve judgments with respect to, among other things, future economic, competitive and market conditions and future business decisions, all of which are difficult or impossible to predict accurately and many of which are beyond Teraphysics’ control. Although Teraphysics believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, Teraphysics’ actual results and performance and the value of its securities could differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements due to the impact of many factors including, but not limited to, risks and uncertainties detailed in the “Risk Factors” in the Risk Factors section of Teraphysics’ Offering Circular on Form 1-A, filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and other discussions of risk factors contained in Teraphysics’ periodic filings or supplements to the offering circular. Teraphysics Offering Circular on Form 1-A can be found at https://www.theasmx.com/investment/teraphysics. Teraphysics claims the safe harbor protection for forward looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Teraphysics undertakes no obligation to update or revise any such information for any reason after the date of this presentation, unless required by law.
Investment in Teraphysics’ securities involves significant risks. You should purchase these securities only if you can afford a complete loss of your investment. 




Teraphysics Risk Factors

Investing in our Common Stock involves a high degree of risk. Some examples of certain risks that you should consider in connection with an investment in our Common Stock are the following:
•	Teraphysics is a development stage company and has commenced limited operations in our business, making our prospects for revenues, profitability and growth highly uncertain.
•	Our core mmw source device technology is still in the early stages of development and its technical and commercial feasibility and viability is unproven and uncertain.
•	Investors are unlikely to receive dividends on their Company stock.
•	We believe it is probable that we will require additional capital in order to fund our contemplated technology development and business operations activities.
•	Market acceptance of the mmw technology and products based thereon is uncertain.

Prior to this offering, there has been no public market for Teraphysics’ Common Stock, therefore the company cannot predict the extent to which an active market for its Common Stock will develop or be sustained after this offering, or how the development of such a market might affect the market price of its common stock. Investors in this offering will experience immediate and substantial dilution and market price of the Company’s common stock may fluctuate. For a complete discussion of risks, please refer to the Form 1-A. The offering is being made only by means of an offering circular. An offering statement on Form 1-A relating to these securities has been qualified by the Securities and Exchange Commission. You may obtain a copy of the final offering circular here: https://www.theasmx.com/investment/teraphysics.  This document contains forward-looking statements reflecting current expectations that involve risks and uncertainties. These forward looking statements include statements regarding commercialization plans, projected timelines, etc. Actual results and the timing of events may differ materially from those contained in these forward-looking statements due to a number of factors, including those discussed in the section entitled "Risk Factors" and elsewhere in the offering circular. This document shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction. No money or other consideration is being solicited in connection with this document, and if sent in response, will not be accepted. Any person's indication of interest involves no obligation or commitment of any kind.







.



Reg A+




Our executives have over 50 years of combined investment consulting experience and are the premier team for Regulation A+ securities.
More information...









Company





Invest
How It Works
About Us
Contact









Opportunities


Sign Up for Exclusive Investor Information:






Submit








Contact Us


ASMX Capital Advisors, LLC.4640 Admiralty Way, Suite 423Marina del Rey, California 90292Phone: +1 (310) 230-5344  Open in Google Maps






ASMXCapital.com (TheASMX.com, and ASMX.co) is a website owned by ASMX Capital, LLC. By accessing this website and any pages on the site, you agree to be bound by the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Equity offerings are conducted on this site pursuant to exemptions provided for pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933, such as Regulation D, as amended, or Regulation A, as amended. Some offers may be limited solely to Accredited Investors or to residents of certain U.S. states.
ASMX Capital, LLC and its affiliates have entered into an agreement with Monarch Bay Securities, LLC, Member: FINRA / SIPC. Under this arrangement, all securities activities, including private placements and other broker-dealer services, are conducted through Monarch Bay Securities, LLC and employees of ASMX Capital and/or its affiliates that are registered with Monarch Bay Securities, LLC are acting in their capacities as registered representatives of Monarch Bay Securities, LLC when they are conducting securities related private placement and investment banking activities. ASMX Capital and its affiliates are independent entities from and not affiliated with Monarch Bay Securities, LLC.
Investors using ASMXCapital.com (TheASMX.com, and ASMX.co) must acknowledge and accept the high risks associated with speculative investing in privately held, start-up, and early-stage business ventures. These risks include the need to hold your investment for periods of many years with a limited ability to sell such investments. You could lose your entire investment in a company that faces many challenges in its quest to establish its business and products. You must have the ability to bear that loss. ASMXCapital.com (TheASMX.com, and ASMX.co) cannot fully verify or make assurances that all of the information provided by any company offering its securities is accurate or complete or that a company offered on its site is valued appropriately. Every investment carries its own specific risks and you should complete your own independent due diligence regarding that investment, including obtaining additional information about the company, opinions, financial projections and legal or other investment advice.
ASMXCapital.com (TheASMX.com, and ASMX.co) has prepared this site solely for the purpose of providing an introduction to the business and products of the companies listed in order for interested parties to evaluate and to determine whether to proceed with a more in-depth evaluation. This website is not, and under no circumstances should it be construed as an offer to sell the securities of any company, which may only be made AT THE TIME A QUALIFIED OFFEREE RECEIVES THE RELEVANT CONFIDENTIAL OFFERING DOCUMENTATION, WHICH CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT THE COMPANY AND THE RISKS OF INVESTING IN IT.
IN THE CASE OF ANY INCONSISTENCY BETWEEN THE DESCRIPTIONS OR TERMS IN THIS DOCUMENT AS OPPOSED TO THE OFFERING DOCUMENTS, THE OFFERING DOCUMENTS SHALL CONTROL. ANY POTENTIAL OFFER WOULD NOT BE VALID IN A JURISDICTION WHERE THE OFFER OR SALE OF THESE SECURITIES IS UNLAWFUL.
ASMXCapital.com (TheASMX.com, and ASMX.co) does not give investment advice, provide analysis or recommendations regarding any offering posted on the website. All investors should make their own determination of whether or not to make any investment, based on their own respective independent evaluation and analysis. Any projected return estimates are based on the issuer’s projections. Such returns are not guaranteed; any investor on ASMXCapital.com (TheASMX.com, and ASMX.co) may experience different results from those provided in pro-forma projections. All securities offered on ASMXCapital.com (TheASMX.com, and ASMX.co) involve significant risk and may result in the loss of your investment.
To the fullest extent permissible by law, neither ASMX Capital, LLC nor any of its directors, officers, employees, representatives, affiliates or agents shall have any liability whatsoever arising from any error or incompleteness of fact or opinion in, or lack of care in the preparation or publication, of the materials and communication herein contained on this website.
ASMX Capital; the ASMX Capital logo; My ASMX; ASMX Index; and ASMX Investment Management; are all registered trademarks of ASMX Capital, LLC. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners.









 Copyright 2016





Privacy Policy

|

Terms of Use















Share






Stocosil, Inc. - Relationship Science



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Stocosil, Inc.



Overview
Executives & Employees Board of Directors Paths
Recent Transactions



Stocosil, Inc.



 OVERVIEW



Date Founded


2014




Headquarters


17870 Castleton Street, Suite 250, City Of Industry, CA 91748




Employees (Worldwide)


1 - 10




Industries


Pharmaceuticals

Wholesale: Consumer Non-Durables/Sundries

Industrial Machinery & Manufacturing




Company Description


Stocosil, Inc. operates as a pharmaceutical company which develops, manufactures and markets drug therapies. The firm delivers next generation products that treat the double-threat of hypertension and high cholesterol. The company was founded in December 2014 and is headquartered in City of Industry, CA.




Website


http://dev.stocosil.com/





 Executives & Employees



Pyng Soon

Chief Executive Officer & Chief Financial Officer




Vuong Trieu

President & Director





Chulho Park

Chief Business Officer







                          Board of Directors                        



Vuong Trieu

Chief Executive Officer at Autotelic, Inc.







See our list of current and previous board members when you upgrade.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Paths to Stocosil, Inc.



                        Stocosil, Inc.                    




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Stocosil, Inc.






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Stocosil, Inc..

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Recent Transactions



 Details Hidden



                                    Stocosil, Inc. raised money in a private placement transaction                                                                    




 Details Hidden



                                    Stocosil, Inc. raised money in a private placement transaction                                                                    




 Details Hidden



                                    Stocosil, Inc. raised money in a private placement transaction                                                                    




 Details Hidden



                                    Stocosil, Inc. raised money in a private placement transaction                                                                    




 Details Hidden



                                    Stocosil, Inc. raised money in a private placement transaction                                                                    






You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.















Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤













