

Stoker Ostler | Wealth Advisors–Financial Planning–Investment Management














 Home | BMO Private Bank | Contact Us 
ARIZONA  480-890-8088  •  UTAH  801-579-0888








 
  
  

You need to upgrade your Flash Player to view this Flash content.



Wealth and Life Come Together
Your family’s financial well-being is about more than wealth protection. You want to ensure that you have the means to enjoy your lives today and provide for those you care about, without worry, now and in the future.
Wealth planning at Stoker Ostler examines every aspect of your financial life, not just your investments. Our advisors take the time to understand what matters most to you and work closely with you to create a comprehensive strategy for achieving your goals.

 
Insights

  


March 2017 
Market Update  

December 2016 
Market Update  

September 2016 
Market Update  

June 2016 
Market Update  




Events


Economic Outlook Seminar-President Trump
March 8, 2017
Presentation


Recording


Women & Wealth Event
October 24, 2017
Luncheon- Save the Date! 

For additional events, click here 




Featured

Women & Wealth
          The average woman not only has a longer life span than a man, she has a shorter working career, lower earnings over her lifetime and is less likely to have an employer-provided retirement plan. It can all add up to financial problems at retirement. We can help.
Read More... 







home | about us | our services | resource center | news room | contact us
privacy | legal and disclosures | site map


 
 Stoker Ostler is a trade name used by Stoker Ostler Wealth Advisors, Inc., a SEC registered investment adviser.  BMO and BMO Financial Group are trade names used by Bank of Montreal. 
      Investments are: NOT A DEPOSIT - NOT INSURED BY THE FDIC OR ANY FEDERAL GOVERNMENT AGENCY - NOT GUARANTEED BY ANY BANK - MAY LOSE VALUE.
Copyright 2007–2017 Stoker Ostler Wealth Advisors, Inc.












Stoker Ostler | Wealth Advisors | Contact Us












Home | BMO Private Bank | Contact Us

ARIZONA  480-890-8088  •  UTAH  801-579-0888

























Contact Stoker Ostler 



If you'd like to receive more information or ask a question about our services, please fill out the form below or contact one of our Wealth Advisors to assist you directly.
*Indicates required field 
Name:*


				City:



					Country:

Select Country
United States
Canada



					State/Province:

Select State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming
Alberta
British Columbia
Manitoba
New Brunswick
Newfoundland
North West Territories
Nova Scotia
Nunavut
Ontario
Prince Edward Island
Quebec
Saskatchewan
Yukon



				Phone (optional):


				Fax:


Email:*


				Your Question/Comment:

Please do not include any sensitive or confidential information in your message.







Stoker Ostler Wealth Advisors
Headquarters
				4900 North Scottsdale Road, Suite 2600
				Scottsdale, AZ 85251-7658
Tel: 480-890-8088
				Fax: 480-890-8770
Map and Driving Directions




Utah Office
				170 South Main Street, #825
				Salt Lake City, UT 84101-1647
Tel: 801-579-0888
				Fax: 801-579-0859
Map and Driving Directions








home | about us | our services | resource center | news room | contact us
privacy | legal and disclosures | site map


 Stoker Ostler is a trade name used by Stoker Ostler Wealth Advisors, Inc., a SEC registered investment adviser.  BMO and BMO Financial Group are trade names used by Bank of Montreal. 
      Investments are: NOT A DEPOSIT - NOT INSURED BY THE FDIC OR ANY FEDERAL GOVERNMENT AGENCY - NOT GUARANTEED BY ANY BANK - MAY LOSE VALUE.
Copyright 2007–2017 Stoker Ostler Wealth Advisors, Inc.










Wealth Advisors | Stoker Ostler










 

Home | Harris Private Bank | Contact Us






Case Studies
Publications
Event Calendar
Links
Online Brochure 
Forms

Case Studies 



Case Study: Anna
“People get attached to certain stocks when  they have performed exceedingly well.   Sometimes they are reluctant to sell investments, partly due to their  gratitude and partly because they think they might be leaving some upside  potential behind if they do.  If she had  not diversified when she did, it is very likely that she could be broke  today.  We use a very disciplined  balancing approach in order to avoid these sorts of catastrophes,” said Phil Stoker, Co-Managing Partner of Stoker Ostler Wealth Advisors. 

View other Stoker Ostler case studies:
Betty




Our most recent case 

  A True Client Scenario:  Anna (all names has  been changed to protect the identity of our clients) came to us in November 1999  as a referral from her brother.  Anna, a 60-year-old retired nurse, was  divorced with two adult children, one of whom was married with one child.

Anna’s only investment was 27,000  shares of MCI/Worldcom stock worth approximately $2.3 million.  Her cost basis in the stock, which she  purchased 30 years previously, was $1,000.    She was interested in receiving enough income each year to meet her  needs and estimated that would mean $40,000.   She also wanted to gift money each year to her two children.
Our Solution:  Our immediate concern was the need to  diversify Anna’s portfolio.  She was very  reluctant to part with all of the MCI stock, as it had been a good investment  for her to that point with a huge run-up in value over the prior two  years.  We explained to Anna that there  was always a chance that the stock could plummet, and therefore she should cash out a majority  of her gains and diversify.  We discussed  various options for diversification including a swap fund like those offered by  Goldman Sachs, a Charitable Remainder Trust, or just selling the stock outright  and paying the tax.
We approached the diversification  plan based on an assumption of “what if the stock went to zero” scenario – that  is, if the stock should become worthless in the future, what can she afford to  keep of the stock and what does she need to sell to protect her future?   We laid out our plan to sell 20,000 shares  of MCI stock outright.  The price at the time was $90 per share, which  turned out to be almost the top. Her shares were worth $1.8 million gross, of which about  $400,000 would go to pay the capital gains tax incurred on the sale.  This  left about $600,000 in MCI/Worldcom stock.  The $1.4 million left from the sale was  divided between a diversified portfolio of stocks and bonds.  We also set up accounts for gifting to her  two children.  

The Lesson:  Never could we have predicted that the  MCI/Worldcom stock literally would be  worthless in just three years.  We  did sell all of the stock before the collapse, but at a lower price than the  original sale.   However, Anna is  very happy knowing her assets were protected due to good advice at the time, as  well as the continuing rebalancing and monitoring of her portfolio, financial modeling and planning as her circumstances have changed.
 





 






 home | about us | our services | resource center | newsroom | contact us
site map | site disclaimer | privacy policy
 
Stoker Ostler Member Harris Wealth AdvisorsSM is a service mark of Stoker Ostler Wealth Advisors, Inc., an SEC-registered investment advisor.
Copyright 20072009 Stoker Ostler Wealth Advisors, Inc.
 
This site is a joint production of WalshComm and New Angle Media. 
 






 


Stoker Ostler | Wealth Advisors | The Resource Center












Home | BMO Private Bank | Contact Us

ARIZONA  480-890-8088  •  UTAH  801-579-0888





















Publications
News Room    
Event Calendar
Links
Promotional Brochure
Forms    


The Resource Center 

At Stoker Ostler, we give you peace of mind:
We are dedicated to helping you achieve your financial goals through unparalleled personalized service.  As a trusted advisor, we endeavor to answer all your questions personally.  However, if you are interested in learning more about the market, investment strategies, or other financial topics, we have created this Resource Center to provide publications, interactive tools and links about various financial topics.
We want to ensure that your experience in and out of our office is tailored to your unique needs. As always, if you have a specific question or area of interest, do not hesitate to contact us and we would be pleased to personally address your needs.  







home | about us | our services | resource center | news room | contact us
privacy | legal and disclosures | site map


 Stoker Ostler is a trade name used by Stoker Ostler Wealth Advisors, Inc., a SEC registered investment adviser.  BMO and BMO Financial Group are trade names used by Bank of Montreal. 
      Investments are: NOT A DEPOSIT - NOT INSURED BY THE FDIC OR ANY FEDERAL GOVERNMENT AGENCY - NOT GUARANTEED BY ANY BANK - MAY LOSE VALUE.
Copyright 2007–2011 Stoker Ostler Wealth Advisors, Inc.






 


Stoker Ostler | Wealth Advisors | Press Releases












Home | BMO Private Bank | Contact Us

ARIZONA  480-890-8088  •  UTAH  801-579-0888





















Publications
News Room    
Event Calendar
Links
Promotional Brochure
Forms    





Articles
 

01-2014
Arizona Business (pg. 53)
Dollars and Sense


08-12-13
				Phoenix Business Journal
On the Move: Robyn Gerke


08-12-13
				Phoenix Business Journal
On the Move: Sean Lunny


July/August 2013
				Scottsdale Business & Life
Emerging Leaders of the numbers by the numbers

 
 

Press Releases
 

12-11-08
What is the Value of a Financial Advising Firm?
			The “do-it-yourself” method has become the new mantra for a multitude of tough tasks like home renovation, auto care, and landscaping. Yet when it comes to your finances, should you rely on your own knowledge, or seek the aid of a professional?
10-22-08
Stoker Ostler Wealth Advisors' Founding Partner Honored by Worth Magazine
			Stoker Ostler Wealth Advisors is pleased to announce that founding partner, Phil Stoker, has been ranked among the Top 250 Wealth Advisors by Worth Magazine... 
10-15-08
What School Doesn't Teach You About Your Financial Future 
			Graduating from college is one of the most important stepping stones in life. As you transition from struggling student to ambitious career person, you rely heavily on the things you learned, studied and tested. But, perhaps one lesson that you never learned in school is financial literacy... 
10-08-08
Stoker Ostler Wealth Advisors Earns National Recognition Among Inc. 5000
			Phil Stoker and Creg Ostler, managing partners of Stoker Ostler Wealth Advisors, announced today that the firm has, for the second year in a row, been nationally ranked by the prestigious Inc. magazine, as one of the Inc. 5000 - Fastest Growing Private Companies... 
10-01-08
Is Your Money Safe?
			With the recent upheaval in the financial markets, including the failure of IndyMac and other banks, more and more people are concerned about the safety of the money they have... 
09-17-08
Women & Wealth: What Every Woman Should Know
			What makes women different from men? The answer is – a lot. But perhaps the most significant difference is a woman’s financial situation throughout her lifetime... 
09-15-08
Stoker Ostler Wealth Advisors Announces New Partner
			Phil Stoker and Creg Ostler, managing partners of Stoker Ostler Wealth Advisors, are pleased to announce the election to partner of Michelle Decker... 
07-01-08
Who Says Real Estate is a Bad Investment?
			While the media is rife with stories of the real estate market downturn, there are some silver linings that could work in your favor...
06-23-08
Experts in Women's Financial Issues Joins Stoker Ostler Wealth Advisors
			Phil Stoker and Creg Ostler, co-managing partners of Stoker Ostler Wealth Advisors, are pleased to welcome Kimberly Bridges as a senior financial planner...
04-08-08
Stoker Ostler Wealth Advisors Welcomes New Investment Assistant
			Phil Stoker and Creg Ostler, co-managing partners of Stoker Ostler Wealth Advisors, are pleased to announce the addition of Whitney Johnson as an investment assistant...
02-28-08
Stoker Ostler Wealth Advisors Announces New Investment Assistant
			Phil Stoker and Creg Ostler, co-managing partners of Stoker Ostler Wealth Advisors, are pleased to announce the addition of Ena Dashi as a new investment assistant...
02-19-08
Riding the Market Waves 
			Have you ever noticed that in advertisements, magazines, and on financial news shows there are always gurus who “know” how to beat the market? They show fantastic gains for a few years and they sound like they really know what is going to happen in the future. Then they quietly disappear from the news... 





home | about us | our services | resource center | news room | contact us
privacy | legal and disclosures | site map


 Stoker Ostler is a trade name used by Stoker Ostler Wealth Advisors, Inc., a SEC registered investment adviser.  BMO and BMO Financial Group are trade names used by Bank of Montreal. 
      Investments are: NOT A DEPOSIT - NOT INSURED BY THE FDIC OR ANY FEDERAL GOVERNMENT AGENCY - NOT GUARANTEED BY ANY BANK - MAY LOSE VALUE.
Copyright 2007–2017 Stoker Ostler Wealth Advisors, Inc.






 


Stoker Ostler | Wealth Advisors | Event Calendar













Home | BMO Private Bank | Contact Us

ARIZONA  480-890-8088  •  UTAH  801-579-0888





















Publications
News Room    
Event Calendar
Links
Promotional Brochure
Forms    


Event Calendar


Women & Wealth Seminars

Wealth… The Next Generation: How to Talk About Money as a Family 
October 24, 2017
Luncheon- Save the Date!

Today’s women have very different financial situations than women in the past. It is crucial for women – single or married – to be actively involved in decisions that affect their financial security and that of their children.  Through this series, you will learn how to effectively manage your wealth that will help empower you to take control of your financial destiny.


            For details, contact Lori Shumway at Lori.Shumway@stokerostler.com.

Economic Outlook Seminars

Presenter:  Jack Ablin
			Date:  June 27, 2017
			Location:  Salt Lake City
Contact Sherry Smith for more details at SherryLynn.Smith@stokerostler.com.



Stoker Ostler is committed to improving your financial confidence through seminars and education that will help you to make informed decisions about your financial future.





home | about us | our services | resource center | news room | contact us
privacy | legal and disclosures | site map


 Stoker Ostler is a trade name used by Stoker Ostler Wealth Advisors, Inc., a SEC registered investment adviser.  BMO and BMO Financial Group are trade names used by Bank of Montreal. 
      Investments are: NOT A DEPOSIT - NOT INSURED BY THE FDIC OR ANY FEDERAL GOVERNMENT AGENCY - NOT GUARANTEED BY ANY BANK - MAY LOSE VALUE.
Copyright 2007–2017 Stoker Ostler Wealth Advisors, Inc.






 


Stoker Ostler | Harris Wealth Advisors | Women & Wealth | About Us












Home | BMO Private Bank | Contact Us

ARIZONA  480-890-8088  ·  UTAH  801-579-0888





















Philosophy
Our History
Commitment
Community   



About Us

Founded in 1997, Stoker Ostler specializes in managing investments and providing financial planning for affluent individuals and families, small-to-medium sized institutions and non-profit organizations.
In 2009, Stoker Ostler became part of BMO Financial Group, one of North America's oldest and most diversified financial services providers.
Building on a shared open architecture philosophy, we are able to provide our clients with the personal attention, expertise and objectivity they have come to expect from a small advisory firm, while offering them access to the comprehensive financial resources and peace-of-mind stability that BMO provides.
Stoker Ostler appointed three managing partners after the retirement of founders Phil Stoker and Creg Ostler. They are Mike Bolar, Chief Investment Officer and Senior Portfolio Manager; Michelle Decker, Chief Operating Officer and Senior Portfolio Manager; and Mike Halls, Chief Financial Officer and Senior Portfolio Manager.
BMO and BMO Financial Group are trade names used by Bank of Montreal.






Left to right Michelle Decker, Mike Bolar, Mike Halls









home | about us | our services | resource center | news room | contact us
privacy | legal and disclosures | site map


 Stoker Ostler is a trade name used by Stoker Ostler Wealth Advisors, Inc., a SEC registered investment adviser.  BMO and BMO Financial Group are trade names used by Bank of Montreal. 
      Investments are: NOT A DEPOSIT - NOT INSURED BY THE FDIC OR ANY FEDERAL GOVERNMENT AGENCY - NOT GUARANTEED BY ANY BANK - MAY LOSE VALUE.
Copyright 2007 - 2016 Stoker Ostler Wealth Advisors, Inc.









Stoker Ostler Wealth Advisors, Inc 170 S Main St Salt Lake City, UT Financial Advisory Services - MapQuest







































































































    Stoker Ostler Wealth Advisors, Inc
  

170 S Main St

Salt Lake City
UT
84101




 Reviews



(801) 579-0888
Website

        Menu & Reservations
      



            Make Reservations 




            Order Online
          

            Tickets
          




          Tickets
        


        See Availability
      





      Nearby
    


      Directions
    


    {{::location.tagLine.value.text}}
  



Sponsored Topics








































See a problem?
Let us know!


  
  
            Founded in 1997, Stoker Ostler specializes in managing investments and providing financial planning for affluent individuals and families, small-to-medium sized institutions and non-profit organizations. In 2009, Stoker Ostler became part of Harris Private Bank. Harris Private Bank provides comprehensive wealth management service. Harris has a long-standing history of providing financial services to its clients and is a part of BMO Financial Group, one of North America's oldest and most diversified financial services providers. Building on a shared open architecture philosophy, we are able to provide our clients with the personal attention, expertise and objectivity they have come to expect from a small advisory firm, while offering them access to the comprehensive financial resources and peace-of-mind stability that Harris provides. Harris Private Bank is a trade name used by various subsidiary financial service providers of Harris Financial Corp Products and services offered through Harris Private Bank are provided by Harris N.A., Harris Bank N.A and their bank affiliates. Not all products and services are available in every state and/or location. Stoker Ostler Member Harris Wealth AdvisorsSM is a service mark of Stoker Ostler Wealth Advisors, Inc, an SEC-registered investment advisor.
          






















Legal






Help


























BBB Business Profile | Stoker Ostler Wealth Advisors | Accreditation



















Home
 > 
Business Directory
 > 
Investment Advisory Service
 > 
Stoker Ostler Wealth Advisors














This Business Is Not BBB Accredited



                            Is this your business? 
                                Claim it now.








Stoker Ostler Wealth Advisors



Submit a Review

































Stoker Ostler Wealth Advisors






            Business Information
        






(801) 579-0888

Stoker Ostler Wealth Advisors

        170 S Main St Ste 825
        Salt Lake City, UT 84101-1647
    




                 WEBSITE
            





                    Fax Numbers
                


                            (801) 579-0859
                        





See Less Contact Options
See More Contact Options





Find a Location






                BBB File Opened: 02/07/2010
            





            Business Management
        


                    Ms. Megan Groom, Owner
                






            Business Category
        


                Investment Advisory Service
            








 







BBB Accreditation





                This Business Is Not BBB Accredited
            

                
                Businesses are under no obligation to seek BBB accreditation, and some businesses are not accredited because they have not sought BBB accreditation.
            

                To be accredited by BBB, a business must apply for accreditation and BBB must determine that the business meets
                BBB accreditation standards, which include a commitment to make a good faith effort to resolve any consumer complaints. BBB Accredited Businesses must pay a fee for accreditation review/monitoring and for support of BBB services to the public.
            








Standards of BBB Accreditation






Build Trust









            Establish and maintain a positive track record in the marketplace.
        

           An accredited business or organization agrees to:

                   1. Have been operational (actively selling products or services) in any BBB service area for at least the most recent 6 months, unless the principle(s) previously operated a similar business with an eligible record (one that qualifies for BBB accreditation).
                

                   1. Fulfill contracts signed and agreements reached.
                

                   3. Be free from government action that demonstrates a significant failure to support BBB ethical principles in marketplace transactions (this requires a determination by BBB as to the nature of any violation, whether it was caused or condoned by management, and actions taken to resolve underlying issues that led to the government action).
                
4. Be free of an unsatisfactory rating and maintain at least a B rating at the accrediting BBB and the BBB where it is headquartered, if different.

                   5. In its relationship with BBB: 
1. meet all applicable standards within this Code of Business Practices

                            2. cooperate with BBB's activities and efforts to promote voluntary self- regulation within the business' industry
                        
3. honor any settlements, agreements or decisions reached as an outcome of a BBB dispute resolution process

                            4. complete the required application and pay all monetary obligations to BBB in a timely manner
                        









Advertise Honestly









            Adhere to established standards of advertising and selling.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Follow federal, state/provincial and local advertising laws.
                

                    2. Abide by the BBB Code of Advertising. Supply, upon request, substantiation for advertising and selling claims. Correct advertising and selling practices, when recommended by BBB.
                
3. Adhere to applicable BBB industry codes of advertising.
4. Cooperate with BBB self-regulatory programs for the resolution of advertising disputes.
5. Use the BBB name and logos in accordance with BBB policy.

                    6. Avoid misleading customers by creating the false impression of sponsorship, endorsement, popularity, trustworthiness, product quality or business size through the misuse of logos, trustmarks, pictures, testimonials, or other means
                







Tell the Truth









            Honestly represent products and services, including clear and adequate disclosures of all material terms.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Make known all material facts in both written and verbal representations, remembering that misrepresentation may result not only from direct statements but by omitting or obscuring relevant facts.
                

                    2. Ensure that any written materials are readily available, clear, accurate and complete.
                







Be Transparent









            Openly identify the nature, location, and ownership of the business, and clearly disclose all policies, guarantees and procedures that bear on a customer's decision to buy.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Upon request, provide BBB with all information required to evaluate compliance with BBB standards. This may include, but is not limited to business name, address and contact information; names and background of principles; business and banking references; licensing and/or professional accreditation; and a complete description of the nature of the business.
                

                    2. Clearly disclose to customers:

                    
1. direct and effective means to contact the business
2. terms of any written contract
3. any guarantees or warranties accompanying a product

                            4. any restrictions or limitations imposed (e.g. limited supply,maximum number available per customer)
                        
5. the business' return/refund policy

                            6. any recurring commitment into which the customer may be entering, including information on how future billing will occur
                        
7. total cost of the transaction, including tax, shipping and handling, and other related charges



                    3. If selling products or providing services on Web sites or via other electronic means: 
1. provide any required product labeling information

                            2. disclose the nature and terms of shipping, including any known delays or shortages of stock
                        
3. provide an opportunity to review and confirm the transaction before the sale is completed

                            4. provide a receipt summarizing the transaction after the purchase
                        









Honor Promises









            Abide by all written agreements and verbal representations.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 
1. Fulfill contracts signed and agreements reached. 2. Honor representations by correcting mistakes as quickly as possible.







Be Responsive









            Address marketplace disputes quickly, professionally, and in good faith.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Promptly respond to all complaints forwarded by BBB by: 
1. Resolving the complaint directly with the complainant and notifying BBB, or

                            2. Providing BBB with a response that BBB determines: 

                                    1. is professional,
                                
2. addresses all of the issues raised by the complainant,
3. includes appropriate evidence and documents supporting the business' position, and

                                    4. explains why any relief sought by the complainant cannot or should not be granted.
                                





                    2. Make a good faith effort to resolve disputes, which includes mediation if requested by BBB. Other dispute resolution options, including arbitration, may be recommended by BBB when other efforts to resolve a dispute have failed. BBB may consider a business' willingness to participate in recommended dispute resolution options in determining compliance with these standards.
                

                    3. Comply with any settlements, agreements or decisions reached as an outcome of a BBB dispute resolution process.
                

                    4. Cooperate with BBB in efforts to eliminate the underlying cause of patterns of customer complaints that are identified by BBB.
                







Safeguard Privacy









            Protect any data collected against mishandling and fraud, collect personal information only as needed, and respect the preferences of customers regarding the use of their information.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Respect Privacy Businesses conducting e-commerce agree to disclose on their Web site the following: 
1. what information they collect,
2. with whom it is shared,
3. how it can be corrected,
4. how it is secured,

                            5. how policy changes will be communicated, and;
                        
6. how to address concerns over misuse of personal data.



                    2. Secure Sensitive Data Businesses that collect sensitive data online (credit card, bank account numbers, Social Security number, salary or other personal financial information, medical history or records, etc.) will ensure that it is transmitted via secure means.Businesses will make best efforts to comply with industry standards for the protection and proper disposal of all sensitive data, both online and offline.
                    
                

                    3. Honor Customer Preferences

                     Businesses agree to respect customer preferences regarding contact by telephone, fax and e-mail, and agree to remedy the underlying cause of any failure to do so.
                







Embody Integrity









            Approach all business dealings, marketplace transactions and commitments with integrity.
            
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to:
            
1. Avoid involvement, by the business or its principles, in activities that reflect unfavorably on, or otherwise adversely affect the public image of BBB or its accredited businesses.












BBB Accreditation Reviews

BBB routinely monitors its files on all Accredited Businesses to affirm that they continue to meet all BBB Accreditation Standards











BBB Accreditation Process


        Not every business is eligible for BBB Accreditation. Businesses must meet, commit to and maintain the
        BBB Code of Business Practices (Accreditation Standards) 
        in order to be eligible for and maintain BBB Accreditation. The BBB Code of Business Practices represents sound advertising, selling and customer
        service practices that enhance customer trust and confidence in business. The Code is built on the BBB Standards for Trust, eight principles that
        summarize important elements of creating and maintaining trust in business.
    

        In order to be eligible for Accreditation a business must complete an Accreditation application.        
    

        Upon receipt of a fully completed BBB Application for Accreditation, BBB staff:        
        
Reviews the application
Researches the business
Verifies the information presented in the application 
May request additional information
May request proof of specific information on the application

        After the review and verification process, BBB will then evaluate if the business meets the
        BBB Code of Business Practices (Accreditation Standards)..
    
    
        Once BBB has finished its evaluation, the application for BBB Accreditation is either approved or denied. If the applicant is found in compliance with the BBB Code of Business Practices it will be presented to the BBB Board of Directors, or a committee of that board, for final approval. If the application is denied, BBB will contact the applicant, indicating the BBB Standard(s) that were not met and any recourse available to the applicant.        
    
















Stoker Ostler Wealth Advisors






            BBB Rating Scorecard
        






This Business Is Not BBB Accredited  

                Stoker Ostler Wealth Advisors
            










A+




BBB Rating System Overview














Customer Review Rating:









                        The BBB Customer Review Rating represents the customer's opinion of the business.
                        The Customer Review Rating percentages are based on the total number of positive,
                        neutral, and negative reviews posted.
                    


                        There are NO reviews for this business.Be the first to leave a review!
                    



                        This business has no complaints filed
                    

















Share your experience


Submit a Review


Submit a Complaint












Share




Print






































































×
Claim Your Business


                By claiming your Business Profile, businesses can add custom text or descriptive information about their services, insert company logos, and add photographs for consumers to view.
            

Close










×
AccreditedQuestionModal title


                content
            

Close










×
Customer Rating Modal title


                content
            

Close










×
Score Modal title


                content
            

Close











×
Find a Location







Filter







Close




 























 

















BBB Search Database of Businesses, Charities, & News Items

















 For full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable JavaScript.
 Here are the 
 instructions how to enable JavaScript in your web browser.
     











No results found.   Ask BBB to develop a report on this business by clicking here.


BBB Search Tips
Use BBB's search bar above to check out businesses and charities from our comprehensive database of BBB Business Profiles. Enter any of the following into the search box:

Business or Charity Name
Website URL
Phone Number
Email Address

Or, select from the categories in the drop-list to search by Type of Business or Type of Charity.
Want to know more about our rating system? Find out more here. 
Need more info?  Try the search FAQs.






















































BBB Search Database of Businesses, Charities, & News Items

















 For full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable JavaScript.
 Here are the 
 instructions how to enable JavaScript in your web browser.
     











No results found.   Ask BBB to develop a report on this business by clicking here.


BBB Search Tips
Use BBB's search bar above to check out businesses and charities from our comprehensive database of BBB Business Profiles. Enter any of the following into the search box:

Business or Charity Name
Website URL
Phone Number
Email Address

Or, select from the categories in the drop-list to search by Type of Business or Type of Charity.
Want to know more about our rating system? Find out more here. 
Need more info?  Try the search FAQs.


















































Stoker Ostler Wealth Advisors - Scottsdale, AZ





















































































































































You're about to be redirectedWe notice you're visiting us from a region where we have a local version of Inc.com.READ THIS ARTICLE ON or remain on inc.com






















Startup 







Best Industries


Funding


Incubators


Business Plans


Naming


Home-Based Business


The UPS StoreView




Grow 







MB Vans


Strategy


Operations


Sales


Marketing


Customer Service


Franchises


Build




Lead 







Company Culture


Productivity


Public Speaking


Hiring


HR/Benefits


Women Entrepreneurs


Rising Stars


T-MobileView




Innovate 







Creativity


Invent


Design


Pivot




Technology 







Cloud Computing


Social Media


Security


Big Data




Money 







Bootstrapping


Crowdfunding


Venture Capital


Borrowing


Business Models


Personal Finance




Inc. 5000 







The 2016 US List


The 2017 Europe List


Apply Inc. 5000 US




Special Reports 







Notes to My Younger Self


Disruptive 25


Best Workplaces


Icons of Entrepreneurship


Best Industries


30 Under 30


Extreme Entrepreneurship


Main Street


World's Coolest Offices


College Startups


Founders 10


Design Awards




Video 







Tip Sheet


The Playbook


Founders Forum


Peak Performance


Women Who Lead


Notes to My Younger Self


World's Coolest Offices


How I Did It


Lift


Inc. Tested


Drinks With…


GrowCo 2017


Origin Stories


Inc. Live




Events 







Full Schedule


Inc. Women's Summit


Inc.5000 Conference & Gala


Iconic


GrowCo Conference




Inc. BrandView 

NEWSLETTERS 

MAGAZINE 

PARTNER CONTENT 







Inc. BrandView


Inc. Branded Content


Inc. Franchise




PODCASTS 

SUBSCRIBE 

ADVERTISE 

INC. RADIO 

INC. BUSINESS HUB 







Inc. Verified Profile


Inc. Plus


Send Press Releases


Plan for your business


Secure Funding


Get Published




OTHER EDITIONS 







Inc. ASEAN


Inc. Arabia




SITEMAP 

PRIVACY 

PRESS QUERIES 

AD CHOICE 






 






































 Search


Newsletters


Follow


Subscribe








































Today's Must Reads






Inc. Events & Offers





Inc. Partner Events & Offers




























Forgot Password?




 Enter your email to reset your password











Or sign up using: 




































New member? Sign up now.
Sign in if you're already registered.


 
 






































Get Inc. Straight to Your Inbox
SIGN UP FOR TODAY'S 5 MUST READS


Sign Me Up

































































































Stoker Ostler Wealth Advisors Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback


























stoker ostler wealth advisors inc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Wealth Management
Stoker Ostler Wealth Advisors, Inc., doing business as Stoker Ostler, provides investment advisory services. The Company offers portfolio management, financial planning, and consulting services. Stoker Ostler serves clients throughout the United States.




Corporate Information
Address:

4900 North Scottsdale Road
Suite 2600
Scottsdale, AZ 85251-7658
United States


Phone:
1-480-890-8088


Fax:
1-480-890-8770


Web url:
www.stokerostler.com























From The Web











Key Executives


Michael Craig Halls


CFO/Senior Portfolio Manager




Michelle L Decker


COO/Senior Portfolio Manager




Michael S Bolar "Mike"


Chief Invsmt Ofcr/Portfolio Mgr







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data






































Stoker Ostler Wealth Advisors Inc in Scottsdale, AZ 85251 - ChamberofCommerce.com




   =     


        









Sign Up
Sign In
Contact Us


 














Search
 

near
 













Home
» Arizona
» Scottsdale
» Portfolio Management & Investment Services
» Stoker Ostler Wealth Advisors Inc













Stoker Ostler Wealth Advisors Inc


0 Reviews

0.0000 stars - based on 0 reviews
                            





4900 N Scottsdale Rd Ste 2600 Scottsdale, Arizona 85251


(480) 890-8088
Website


 



 

Print |
                Save |
                Directions


About
Stoker Ostler Wealth Advisors Inc is located at the address 4900 N Scottsdale Rd in Scottsdale, Arizona 85251.  They can be contacted via phone at (480) 890-8088 for pricing, hours and directions.  Stoker Ostler Wealth Advisors Inc has an annual sales volume of 2M – 4,999,999.  .For more information contact Bridges  Kim, Manager, Financial Planning or  go to www.stokerostler.comStoker Ostler Wealth Advisors Inc provides Financial Management, Family Wealth Planning, Cash Management to it's customers.  For maps and directions to Stoker Ostler Wealth Advisors Inc view the map to the right.  For reviews of Stoker Ostler Wealth Advisors Inc see below.









Business Features

PRODUCTS


Mortgage Investments
, Mutual Funds
, Employer-Sponsored Pensions
, Commodities
, Group Policies
, Certificates Of Deposit
, Agency Bonds
, CDs
, Industrial Policies
, Loans



SERVICES


Estate Planning
, Family Wealth Planning
, Insurance
, Corporate Services
, Cash Management
, Financial Management
, Investments
, Long Term Planning
, Institutional Services
, Retirement Planning



 


Information

CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (480) 890-8088
Website: www.stokerostler.com
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Employee Size: 10 To 19
Exact Employee Count: 11
Exact Sales Volume: 1000000000
Location Type: Headquarters
Sales Volume: 2M – 4,999,999
CATEGORIES:


Portfolio Management & Investment Services
Finance
Investments & Securities



People Also Viewed


Jackson Financial Advisors


9590 E Ironwood Square Dr 110 Ste Scottsdale, Arizona 85258




Thomson Financial Advisor


10360 E Jenan Dr  Scottsdale, Arizona 85260




CHEYENNE INVESTMENTS


8603 E Royal Palm Rd  Scottsdale, Arizona 85258




Wealth Management Solutions


8550 E Shea Blvd Ste 130 Ste 130 Scottsdale, Arizona 85260




First Financial Asset Management


6380 E Thomas Rd  Scottsdale, Arizona 85251




Foothills Asset Management Ltd


8767 E Via De Ventura Ste 175 Scottsdale, Arizona 85258





Reviews

Add


You must Sign in to post reviews.





by  on 






Click here to be the first to review this business...



0 Reviews
 


Key Contacts




Bridges  Kim
MANAGER, FINANCIAL PLANNING
Phone: (480) 890-8088 
 



Michael  Halls
PARTNER PRINCIPAL
Phone: (480) 890-8088 
 



Tom  Ciminello
OPERATIONS ANALYST
Phone: (480) 890-8088 
 



Whitney  Johnson
ASSOCIATE PORTFOLIO MANAGER
Phone: (480) 890-8088 
 



Creg  Ostler
PORTFOLIO MANAGER
Phone: (480) 890-8088 
 



Kim  Bridges
Manager, Financial Planning
Phone: (480) 890-8088 
 



Michael  Lossing
PORTFOLIO MANAGER
Phone: (480) 890-8088 
 



Syreeta  Harris
SALES AND MARKETING COORDINATOR
Phone: (480) 890-8088 
 



Diana  Beeson
ADMINISTRATIVE ASSISTANT
Phone: (480) 890-8088 
 



Ena  Dashi

Phone: (480) 890-8088 
 



Megan  Groom
MOTHER AND INVESTMENT ASSISTANT
Phone: (480) 890-8088 
 



April  Ward
BOARD MEMBER
Phone: (480) 890-8088 
 



Megan  Bishton
PRESIDENT
Phone: (480) 890-8088 
 



Wendy  Ziegler

Phone: (480) 890-8088 
 



Englanttina  Dashi
ACCOUNT EXECUTIVE
Phone: (480) 890-8088 
 



Chad  Bruening
PORTFOLIO MANAGER
Phone: (480) 890-8088 
 



Harris  Wealth
MEMBER
Phone: (480) 890-8088 
 



Mike  Bolar
PARTNER
Phone: (480) 890-8088 
 



Robyn  Gerke

Phone: (480) 890-8088 
 



Ann  Reitz Lee

Phone: (480) 890-8088 
 



Michelle  Decker
MANAGER
Phone: (480) 890-8088 
 



View More
 























 






Site Map
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
About
Partners
Chamber Partner Program
Chamber Member Benefits




Top Cities:
Atlanta
Bronx
Brooklyn
Chicago
Cleveland
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Phoenix
Saint Louis
San Antonio
San Diego
San Jose


© 2017 CHAMBEROFCOMMERCE.COM










Services | Stoker Ostler Wealth Advisors Scottsdale, AZ 85251 - YP.comStart your search by typing in the business name below.
What do you want to find?

Where?My current locationSearchHomeInvestment Advisory Service near Scottsdale, AZStoker Ostler Wealth AdvisorsServicesStoker Ostler Wealth Advisors4900 N Scottsdale Rd, Scottsdale, AZ 85251(480) 890-8088View Business DetailsServices"Fish and Chips" found in 1 dishFinancial Services AccountingAccounting ServicesCash Flow AnalysisYour wealth plan will cover a wide range of topics concerning the management of your wealth including cash flow analysis, credit management, tax planning, asset allocation and diversification, management of financial and non-financial assets, personal needs, retirement resources and estate planning.PlanningFinancial PlanningFounded in 1997, Stoker Ostler specializes in managing investments and providing financial planning for affluent individuals and families, small-to-medium sized institutions and non-profit organizations.Retirement PlanningWhen it comes to saving for retirement, Stoker Ostler will help you devise a strategy based upon your target retirement date, your current financial situation and your future financial needs that allows you the opportunity to best achieve your goals. We believe that the best retirement plan is the one that allows you the peace of mind for your future, without undue stress today.Asset ManagementEvery investment strategy we recommend is carefully scrutinized to take greatest advantage of tax laws. Along with your tax professionals, we will devise a strategy that uses diversification, asset allocation and expense reduction to minimize income, capital gains and estate taxes. We believe that a year-round approach to tax planning will help you increase your after-tax cash flows and provide greater savings at tax time, now and in the future.InvestmentWealth ManagementOur approach to wealth management is grounded in a culture of putting the client first. We operate from an independent platform that allows our advisors to provide objective, unbiased advice on a fee-only basis, never locking you into proprietary products or services.Investment ManagementStoker Ostler professionals adhere to the portfolio theory developed by University of Chicago economist Harry M. Markowitz who won a Nobel Prize in economics in 1990. Like Markowitz, we believe that proper portfolio management incorporates an analysis of both the expected risks and returns, as measured statistically, to achieve optimum investment results.TaxesTax PlanningOur team of advisors stays abreast of changing tax laws and works closely with top tax professionals to ensure that your wealth plan incorporates appropriate and ethical tax planning.Estate TaxesTax ServicesIncome TaxSome of the areas we analyze may include: retirement planning, income tax planning, risk management, insurance planning, business succession, education funding and estate planning. Since we focus on your financial well-being, you have the freedom to focus on other personal priorities. We look forward to learning your aspirations and developing a strategy to achieve them. Just give us a call, and we'll set up a time that's convenient for you.Send to PhoneStoker Ostler Wealth Advisors4900 N Scottsdale Rd, Scottsdale, AZ 85251(480) 890-8088Send this business listing as a text message to a mobile phone.I agree to the Terms and ConditionsCancelSendYour text message was sent.To opt out at anytime, send the word STOP to YP411.To get a help message, send the word HELP to YP411.There was an error sending your text.Please try again.E-MailStoker Ostler Wealth Advisors4900 N Scottsdale Rd, Scottsdale, AZ 85251(480) 890-8088Send this business details to yourself or up to 5 friends.Up to 5 email addresses, separate addresses with a commaSend Yourself a CopyCancelSend 
We just redesigned yp.com! Do you like it?×            LikeNot a Fan×            Thank You!Feedback











 







Stoker Ostler | Wealth Advisors–Financial Planning–Investment Management














 Home | BMO Private Bank | Contact Us 
ARIZONA  480-890-8088  •  UTAH  801-579-0888








 
  
  

You need to upgrade your Flash Player to view this Flash content.



Wealth and Life Come Together
Your family’s financial well-being is about more than wealth protection. You want to ensure that you have the means to enjoy your lives today and provide for those you care about, without worry, now and in the future.
Wealth planning at Stoker Ostler examines every aspect of your financial life, not just your investments. Our advisors take the time to understand what matters most to you and work closely with you to create a comprehensive strategy for achieving your goals.

 
Insights

  


March 2017 
Market Update  

December 2016 
Market Update  

September 2016 
Market Update  

June 2016 
Market Update  




Events


Economic Outlook Seminar-President Trump
March 8, 2017
Presentation


Recording


Women & Wealth Event
October 24, 2017
Luncheon- Save the Date! 

For additional events, click here 




Featured

Women & Wealth
          The average woman not only has a longer life span than a man, she has a shorter working career, lower earnings over her lifetime and is less likely to have an employer-provided retirement plan. It can all add up to financial problems at retirement. We can help.
Read More... 







home | about us | our services | resource center | news room | contact us
privacy | legal and disclosures | site map


 
 Stoker Ostler is a trade name used by Stoker Ostler Wealth Advisors, Inc., a SEC registered investment adviser.  BMO and BMO Financial Group are trade names used by Bank of Montreal. 
      Investments are: NOT A DEPOSIT - NOT INSURED BY THE FDIC OR ANY FEDERAL GOVERNMENT AGENCY - NOT GUARANTEED BY ANY BANK - MAY LOSE VALUE.
Copyright 2007–2017 Stoker Ostler Wealth Advisors, Inc.






















Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.


