

Stoneridge Investment Partners - Contact











































StoneRidge Investment Partners, LLC
	301 Lindenwood Drive Suite 310
	Malvern, PA 19355

	Kyle Myers - Director, Business Development & Senior Equity Product Specialist
	Phone: 610-647-5287
	Fax: 610-647-6216
	Email: kmyers@stoneridgeinvestments.com








Take Route 76 West to Route 202 South
Take Route 202 South to Route 29 North (Morehall Road/Great Valley exit)
Turn left at the first light at end of ramp, turn left at the next light onto Route 29 (Morehall Road).
Turn right at the next light onto Lindenwood Drive (ValleyBrooke Corporate Center).  At the traffic circle, travel halfway around the circle and continue on Lindenwood Drive.  Our offices are in the last building on the right, Suite 310.





Take 95 South to Route 476 North
Exit 76 West to Route 202 South
Take Route 202 South to Route 29 North (Morehall Road/Great Valley exit)
Turn left at the first light at end of ramp, turn left at the next light onto Route 29 (Morehall Road).
Turn right at the next light onto Lindenwood Drive (ValleyBrooke Corporate Center).  At the traffic circle, travel halfway around the circle and continue on Lindenwood Drive.  Our offices are in the last building on the right, Suite 310.





Take 95 North to 202 North
Exit 29 North (Morehall Road/second 29 Exit)
Turn Right at the first light (end of ramp)
Proceed through the next traffic light onto Lindenwood Drive.
At the traffic circle, travel halfway around the circle and continue on Lindenwood Drive (ValleyBrooke Corporate Center).  Our offices are in the last building on the right, Suite 310.





Take the New Jersey Turnpike to exit 6 - Pennsylvania Turnpike
Exit 76 East (exit number 326 – Valley Forge)
Exit 76 East to Route 202 South
Take Route 202 South to Route 29 North (Morehall Road) exit
Turn left at the first light at end of ramp, turn left at the next light onto Route 29 (Morehall Road).
Turn right at the next light onto Lindenwood Drive (ValleyBrooke Corporate Center).  At the traffic circle, travel halfway around the circle and continue on Lindenwood Drive.  Our offices are in the last building on the right, Suite 310.


















Stoneridge Investment Partners - Home













































 











1st Quarter 2017


Assets Under Management
$790 Mil


Number of Employees
13


Percent Employee Ownership
71%


Portfolio Managers
3




StoneRidge Investment Partners offers equity investment management to institutional investors. StoneRidge was formed in 1999 and restructured in 2009, when Steven Sanders was named CEO & Chief Investment Strategist. Mr. Sanders and founding principals, Philip Brown, President and Joseph Stocke, Chief Investment Officer, continue to guide and lead our organization in providing world-class asset management services to our clients.
read more



read more




We endeavor to provide real value to clients through superior investment returns and exceptional service.



We respect and support the communities we touch through sponsorship of local and national causes.



We maintain an entrepreneurial environment to motivate and empower employees to provide clients with the highest level of investment service.



Executive Team





Steven Sanders
CEO Chief Investment
Strategist





Philip H. Brown II
President, Partner





Wayne O. Leevy
Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer





Joseph E. Stocke
Chief Investment Officer, Managing Director





Kyle V. Myers
Director, Business Development & Senior Equity Product Specialist




















Stoneridge Investment Partners - About





















































We endeavor to provide real value to clients through superior
		    investment returns and exceptional service.




We respect and support the communities we touch through
		    sponsorship of local and national causes.




We maintain an entrepreneurial environment to motivate and empower
		    employees to provide clients with the highest level of investment service.












StoneRidge Investment Partners, LLC was formed in 1999
13 Staff members
Investment team approach
 $790 million in assets under management*
Serving 28 institutional accounts*

*as of 03/31/2017


PRESS RELEASE
July 24, 2015
StoneRidge Investment Partners LLC, merged its Fixed Income Portfolio Management Division with PMG Advisors LLC and formed StoneRidge PMG Advisors, LLC on July 1, 2015. With $1.5 Billion in assets under management, StoneRidgePMG is one of the largest emerging manager firms in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania specializing in managing fixed income portfolios for institutional clients. The firm is a registered investment advisor* and will operate from StoneRidge PMG's offices located in West Conshohocken, Pa.
The transaction enables StoneRidge Investment Partners to focus solely on equity portfolio management and our three equity strategies (Small Cap Growth, SMID Cap Growth and Large Cap Core Equity).
StoneRidge Investment Partners is an independent registered investment advisor (RIA)* located in suburban Philadelphia, PA. Our diversity in ownership and staff enables our firm to create highly effective teams, delivering a competitive and performance-driven culture that differentiates our investment returns from our peers.
Founded in 1999 and restructured under new management in 2009, StoneRidge became an emerging and minority-owned equity money management firm, offering investment solutions to public pension funds, endowments & foundations, corporate employee benefit and treasury funds as well as Taft-Hartley plans.
Members of our equity portfolio management team have worked together for nearly 30 years and have managed assets in excess of $10 Billion.
In 2008, Steven Sanders formed Beltraith Capital, LLC for the purpose of acquiring a controlling interest in StoneRidge Investment Partners. In May 2009, Mr. Sanders was named CEO & Chief Investment Strategist at StoneRidge and  Beltraith currently has a 73% ownership interest. 
At StoneRidge, we manage fully diversified equity portfolios utilizing our proprietary "Quantamental" investment process to deliver  investment solutions.
*Registration as an investment adviser does not imply a certain level of skill or training. 




Team averages over 20 years of investment experience
Senior equity team has worked together since 1990
Expertise across all economic sectors and capitalization tiers






Steven L. Sanders, Chief Investment Strategist
Joseph E.  Stocke, CFA, Chief Investment Officer
Philip H. Brown, II, CFA, Sr. Portfolio Manager
Robert V. Tango, Jr., Sr. Portfolio Manager
Pawan Jain, Sr. Equity Research Analyst
Solagbade Oyefara, Equity Research AnalystDaniel Kinkade, Quantitative Analyst
John Bennett, Equity Trader


Regina Montanez, Operations Manager
Mikalena Wymer, Operations Assistant
Kimberly Clarke,  Chief Compliance Officer
        

Kyle V. Myers, Director, Business Development & Senior Equity Product Specialist

Wayne O. Leevy, Chief Operating & Chief Financial Officer
Kymberly T. Graves, Vice President of Administration


Loading....

















Stoneridge Investment Partners - Investment Styles













































Philosophy

Large Cap Core
Small Cap Growth
Small-Mid Cap Growth
















StoneRidge believes a blend of fundamental research, quantitative tools and qualitative decisions are required to
	    consistently add value in large capitalization core equity and small capitalization growth equity management. StoneRidge
	    also believes that  its proprietary quantitative modeling process can consistently add value in equity management.
StoneRidge employs a bottom up stock selection approach within the Large Cap Core Equity, Small-Mid Cap Growth Equity,
	    Small Cap Growth Equity, and Quantitative Small Cap Growth Equity disciplines.
For more information please contact:
Kyle Myers
	    
	    Director,Business Development
      & Sr. Equity Product Specialist610-647-5253
kmyers@stoneridgeinvestments.com
Kymberly T. Graves
	    Vice President, Administration & Special Projects
	    610-647-6322
ktgraves@stoneridgeinvestments.com



View Large Image..















Stoneridge Investment Partners - Contact











































StoneRidge Investment Partners, LLC
	301 Lindenwood Drive Suite 310
	Malvern, PA 19355

	Kyle Myers - Director, Business Development & Senior Equity Product Specialist
	Phone: 610-647-5287
	Fax: 610-647-6216
	Email: kmyers@stoneridgeinvestments.com








Take Route 76 West to Route 202 South
Take Route 202 South to Route 29 North (Morehall Road/Great Valley exit)
Turn left at the first light at end of ramp, turn left at the next light onto Route 29 (Morehall Road).
Turn right at the next light onto Lindenwood Drive (ValleyBrooke Corporate Center).  At the traffic circle, travel halfway around the circle and continue on Lindenwood Drive.  Our offices are in the last building on the right, Suite 310.





Take 95 South to Route 476 North
Exit 76 West to Route 202 South
Take Route 202 South to Route 29 North (Morehall Road/Great Valley exit)
Turn left at the first light at end of ramp, turn left at the next light onto Route 29 (Morehall Road).
Turn right at the next light onto Lindenwood Drive (ValleyBrooke Corporate Center).  At the traffic circle, travel halfway around the circle and continue on Lindenwood Drive.  Our offices are in the last building on the right, Suite 310.





Take 95 North to 202 North
Exit 29 North (Morehall Road/second 29 Exit)
Turn Right at the first light (end of ramp)
Proceed through the next traffic light onto Lindenwood Drive.
At the traffic circle, travel halfway around the circle and continue on Lindenwood Drive (ValleyBrooke Corporate Center).  Our offices are in the last building on the right, Suite 310.





Take the New Jersey Turnpike to exit 6 - Pennsylvania Turnpike
Exit 76 East (exit number 326 – Valley Forge)
Exit 76 East to Route 202 South
Take Route 202 South to Route 29 North (Morehall Road) exit
Turn left at the first light at end of ramp, turn left at the next light onto Route 29 (Morehall Road).
Turn right at the next light onto Lindenwood Drive (ValleyBrooke Corporate Center).  At the traffic circle, travel halfway around the circle and continue on Lindenwood Drive.  Our offices are in the last building on the right, Suite 310.


















Stoneridge Investment Partners - communication




















































Steven Sanders, CEO & Chief Investment Strategist

Philip Brown, CFA President & Equity Portfolio         	    

QUARTERLY COMMENTARY, 1st QUARTER 2017
Economic Commentary
To Request Equity Commentary for the StoneRidge Large Cap Core Product, select this button

Note:  Form works best in Google Chrome. May not work properly in Internet Explorer.  Feel free to type out your request should the form not work properly. 





Enter Your Information to Receive Commentary


First Name:



Last Name:


Your Company Name:


Email Address:



Select Commentary:




                Large Cap Core Commentary




                Small-Mid Cap Growth Commentary




                Small Cap Growth Commentary




Commentary Period:



Comments:











 
DISCLOSURE
The views expressed in this report and accompanying communication are solely the opinions of StoneRidge Investment Partners LLC (the “Firm”). Although the statements of fact and data in this report have been obtained from, and are based upon, sources that the Firm believes to be reliable, we do not guarantee their accuracy, and any such information may be incomplete or condensed. 
All opinions in this report and accompanying communication constitute the Firm’s judgment as of the date of this report and are subject to change without notice. This communication is intended for informational purposes only and does not constitute a solicitation to invest money nor a recommendation to buy or sell certain securities. Equity investments are not appropriate for all investors. Equity investments are not FDIC insured and may lose value. Investments in small, mid-cap and micro-cap companies involve additional risks such as limited liquidity and greater volatility. 
Past performance is no guarantee of future results.











03/18/2010
Revisiting StoneRidge: Congress Could Restore Aiders' and Abettors' Liability - Published by the Finance Professionals' Post
A bill introduced to Congress this past summer, and subsequently handed over to a Senate subcommittee for further consideration and/or revisions, could reverse a hotly debated January 2008 US Supreme Court decision. That decision, Stone-Ridge Investment Partners LLC v. Scientific-Atlanta Inc., upheld a lower appeals court's April 2006 decision that secondary participants in a corporate fraud cannot be held legally liable for their behind-the-scenes participation in the scheme.
Read more
http://post.nyssa.org/nyssa-news/2010/03/revisiting-stoneridge-congress-could-restore-aiders-and-abettors-liability.html
6/19/2009
StoneRidge sees acquisition leading to increased diversity - Published by the Phialdelphia Business Journal
An African-American investor group has acquired 55 percent ownership interest in StoneRidge Investment Partners LLC in a deal the money management firm feels will open the door to more diverse clients. Philadelphia-based StoneRidge reached the agreement last month with Beltraith Capital, LLC, a syndicate led by Steven L. Sanders, the co-founder and former chairman and CEO of First Genesis Financial Group.
Read more
http://philadelphia.bizjournals.com/philadelphia/stories/2009/06/22/story3.html





2017
Large Cap
4th Quarter, 2017
3rd Quarter, 2017
2nd Quarter, 2017
1st Quarter, 2017
Small Cap
4th Quarter, 2017
3rd Quarter, 2017
2nd Quarter, 2017
1st Quarter, 2017






Quarter Not Published!


















Stoneridge Investment Partners, LLC                                                                                      - Malvern                                           , PA         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



PA



Malvern



Investment Advice



Investment Advice



                            Stoneridge Investment Partners, LLC
                                    



 





















S 


Stoneridge Investment Partners, LLC                                                                                     
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



301 LINDENWOOD DR STE 310 MALVERN, PA 19355
Get Directions



(610) 647-5287
www.stoneridgeinvestments.com                                                                           





Business Info



 Founded 2007
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $3,599,835.00
 Employee Count 16
 Industries Investment Advice
 Contacts Joseph E Stocke                                                                                                         







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Stoneridge Investment Partners, Llc                                                                                      is located at 301 Lindenwood Dr Ste 310 in Malvern and has been in the business of Investment Advice since 2007. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







S

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.


















Stoneridge Investment Partners, Llc in Malvern, PA 19355 - ChamberofCommerce.com




   =     


        









Sign Up
Sign In
Contact Us


 














Search
 

near
 













Home
» Pennsylvania
» Malvern
» Portfolio Management & Investment Services
» Stoneridge Investment Partners, Llc













Stoneridge Investment Partners, Llc


0 Reviews

0.0000 stars - based on 0 reviews
                            





7 Great Valley Pkwy Ste 239 Malvern, Pennsylvania 19355


(610) 647-6322
Website


 



 

Print |
                Save |
                Directions


About
Stoneridge Investment Partners, Llc is located at the address 7 Great Valley Pkwy in Malvern, Pennsylvania 19355.  They can be contacted via phone at (610) 647-6322 for pricing, hours and directions.  Stoneridge Investment Partners, Llc has an annual sales volume of 0 - 500K.  .For more information contact Daniel  Himes Cook,  or  go to www.stoneridgeinvestments.comStoneridge Investment Partners, Llc provides Business Banking, Investment Services, Investment Planning to it's customers.  For maps and directions to Stoneridge Investment Partners, Llc view the map to the right.  For reviews of Stoneridge Investment Partners, Llc see below.









Business Features

PRODUCTS


Self-Employed Policies
, Loans
, Group Policies
, Profit Sharing Plans
, Combination Policies
, Rollover Plans
, Municipal Bonds
, Industrial Policies
, Short-Term Policies
, Individual Policies



SERVICES


Income Planning
, Insurance
, Private Banking
, Family Wealth Planning
, Investment Planning
, Business Banking
, Investment Services
, Individual Services
, Disability Income
, Institutional Services



 


Information

CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (610) 647-6322
Website: www.stoneridgeinvestments.com
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Main Contact First Name: Philip
Main Contact Last Name: Brown
Main Contact Title: Executive Director
Employee Size: 1 To 4
Exact Employee Count: 2
Exact Sales Volume: 1750000
Location Type: Single Location
Sales Volume: 0 - 500K
CATEGORIES:


Portfolio Management & Investment Services
Finance
Investments & Securities



People Also Viewed


Financial Exec Intl De Chap


27 Fox Ridge Dr  Malvern, Pennsylvania 19355




Fsb Investments Lp


4 Somerset Ln  Malvern, Pennsylvania 19355




Giant Steps Investing  Inc


210 Booksellers Ct  Malvern, Pennsylvania 19355




Masterserv Financial  Inc


176 Grubb Rd  Malvern, Pennsylvania 19355




Main Line Financial Advisors, Llc


629A Swedesford Rd  Malvern, Pennsylvania 19355




Old Glory Asset Management LLC


5 Great Valley Pkwy Ste 326 Malvern, Pennsylvania 19355





Reviews

Add


You must Sign in to post reviews.





by  on 






Click here to be the first to review this business...



0 Reviews
 


Key Contacts




Daniel  Himes Cook

Phone: (610) 647-5287 
 



Lester Todd Rich

Phone: (610) 647-5287 
 



Philip  Brown
EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR
Phone: (610) 647-5287 
 



Holly Ann Butson
CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER

 



View More
 























 






Site Map
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
About
Partners
Chamber Partner Program
Chamber Member Benefits




Top Cities:
Atlanta
Bronx
Brooklyn
Chicago
Cleveland
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Phoenix
Saint Louis
San Antonio
San Diego
San Jose


© 2017 CHAMBEROFCOMMERCE.COM














STONERIDGE INVESTMENT PARTNERS, LLC v.SCIENTIFIC-ATLANTA, INC.















Cornell University Law SchoolSearch Cornell

 











  
Supreme Court


aboutsearch
subscribe
liibulletin previews


 


STONERIDGE INVESTMENT PARTNERS, LLC v.SCIENTIFIC-ATLANTA, INC. 
 (No. 06-43)


443 F. 3d 987, affirmed and remanded.


Syllabus


Opinion

              [Kennedy]
Dissent

              [Stevens]





HTML version

PDF versionHTML version

PDF versionHTML version

PDF version




Justice Kennedy, Opinion of the Court


NOTICE: This opinion is subject to formal revision before publication in the preliminary print of the United States Reports. Readers are requested to notify the Reporter of Decisions, Supreme Court of the United States, Washington, D. C. 20543, of any typographical or other  formal errors, in order that corrections may be made before the preliminary print goes to press.

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
STONERIDGE INVESTMENT PARTNERS, LLC,PETITIONER v. SCIENTIFIC-ATLANTA,INC., et al.
on writ of certiorari to the united states court of appeals for the eighth circuit

[January 15, 2008]

    Justice Kennedy delivered the opinion of the Court.
    We consider the reach of the private right of action the Court has found implied in §10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, 

48 Stat.
 891, as amended, 

 15 U. S. C. §78j(b), and SEC Rule 10b–5, 

 17 CFR §240.10b–5 (2007).  In this suit investors alleged losses after purchasing common stock.  They sought to impose liability on entities who, acting both as customers and suppliers, agreed to arrangements that allowed the investors’ company to mislead its auditor and issue a misleading financial statement affecting the stock price.  We conclude the implied right of action does not reach the customer/supplier companies because the investors did not rely upon their statements or representations.  We affirm the judgment of the Court of Appeals.
I
    This class-action suit by investors was filed against Charter Communications, Inc., in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Missouri.  Stoneridge Investment Partners, LLC, a limited liability company organized under the laws of Delaware, was the lead plaintiff and is petitioner here.
    Charter issued the financial statements and the securities in question.  It was a named defendant along with some of its executives and Arthur Andersen LLP, Charter’s independent auditor during the period in question.  We are concerned, though, with two other defendants, respondents here.  Respondents are Scientific-Atlanta, Inc., and Motorola, Inc.  They were suppliers, and later customers, of Charter.
    For purposes of this proceeding, we take these facts, alleged by petitioner, to be true.  Charter, a cable operator, engaged in a variety of fraudulent practices so its quarterly reports would meet Wall Street expectations for cable subscriber growth and operating cash flow.  The fraud included misclassification of its customer base; delayed reporting of terminated customers; improper capitalization of costs that should have been shown as expenses; and manipulation of the company’s billing cutoff dates to inflate reported revenues.  In late 2000, Charter executives realized that, despite these efforts, the company would miss projected operating cash flow numbers by $15 to $20 million.  To help meet the shortfall, Charter decided to alter its existing arrangements with respondents, Scientific-Atlanta and Motorola.  Petitioner’s theory as to whether Arthur Andersen was altogether misled or, on the other hand, knew the structure of the contract arrangements and was complicit to some degree, is not clear at this stage of the case.  The point, however, is neither controlling nor significant for our present disposition, and in our decision we assume it was misled.
    Respondents supplied Charter with the digital cable converter (set top) boxes that Charter furnished to its customers.  Charter arranged to overpay respondents $20 for each set top box it purchased until the end of the year, with the understanding that respondents would return the overpayment by purchasing advertising from Charter.  The transactions, it is alleged, had no economic substance; but, because Charter would then record the advertising purchases as revenue and capitalize its purchase of the set top boxes, in violation of generally accepted accounting principles, the transactions would enable Charter to fool its auditor into approving a financial statement showing it met projected revenue and operating cash flow numbers.  Respondents agreed to the arrangement.
    So that Arthur Andersen would not discover the link between Charter’s increased payments for the boxes and the advertising purchases, the companies drafted documents to make it appear the transactions were unrelated and conducted in the ordinary course of business.  Following a request from Charter, Scientific-Atlanta sent documents to Charter stating—falsely—that it had increased production costs.  It raised the price for set top boxes for the rest of 2000 by $20 per box.  As for Motorola, in a written contract Charter agreed to purchase from Motorola a specific number of set top boxes and pay liquidated damages of $20 for each unit it did not take.  The contract was made with the expectation Charter would fail to purchase all the units and pay Motorola the liquidated damages.
    To return the additional money from the set top box sales, Scientific-Atlanta and Motorola signed contracts with Charter to purchase advertising time for a price higher than fair value.  The new set top box agreements were backdated to make it appear that they were negotiated a month before the advertising agreements.  The backdating was important to convey the impression that the negotiations were unconnected, a point Arthur Andersen considered necessary for separate treatment of the transactions.  Charter recorded the advertising payments to inflate revenue and operating cash flow by approximately $17 million.  The inflated number was shown on financial statements filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and reported to the public.
    Respondents had no role in preparing or disseminating Charter’s financial statements.  And their own financial statements booked the transactions as a wash, under generally accepted accounting principles.  It is alleged respondents knew or were in reckless disregard of Charter’s intention to use the transactions to inflate its revenues and knew the resulting financial statements issued by Charter would be relied upon by research analysts and investors.
    Petitioner filed a securities fraud class action on behalf of purchasers of Charter stock alleging that, by participating in the transactions, respondents violated §10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and SEC Rule 10b–5.
    The District Court granted respondents’ motion to dismiss for failure to state a claim on which relief can be granted.  The United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit affirmed.  In re Charter Communications, Inc., Securities Litigation, 443 F. 3d 987 (2006).  In its view the allegations did not show that respondents made misstatements relied upon by the public or that they violated a duty to disclose; and on this premise it found no violation of §10(b) by respondents.  Id., at 992.  At most, the court observed, respondents had aided and abetted Charter’s misstatement of its financial results; but, it noted, there is no private right of action for aiding and abetting a §10(b) violation.  See Central Bank of Denver, N. A. v. First Interstate Bank of Denver, N. A., 

511 U. S. 164, 
 191 (1994)
.  The court also affirmed the District Court’s denial of petitioner’s motion to amend the complaint, as the revised pleading would not change the court’s conclusion on the merits.  443 F. 3d, at 993.
    Decisions of the Courts of Appeals are in conflict respecting when, if ever, an injured investor may rely upon §10(b) to recover from a party that neither makes a public misstatement nor violates a duty to disclose but does participate in a scheme to violate §10(b).  Compare Simpson v. AOL Time Warner Inc., 452 F. 3d 1040 (CA9 2006), with Regents of Univ. of Cal. v. Credit Suisse First Boston (USA), Inc., 482 F. 3d 372 (CA5 2007).  We granted certiorari.  549 U. S. ___ (2007).
II
    Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act makes it
“unlawful for any person, directly or indirectly, by the use of any means or instrumentality of interstate commerce or of the mails, or of any facility of any national securities exchange … [t]o use or employ, in connection with the purchase or sale of any security … any manipulative or deceptive device or contrivance in contravention of such rules and regulations as the Commission may prescribe as necessary or appropriate in the public interest or for the protection of investors.”  

 15 U. S. C. §78j.

The SEC, pursuant to this section, promulgated Rule 10b–5, which makes it unlawful 
    “(a) To employ any device, scheme, or artifice to defraud,
    “(b) To make any untrue statement of a material fact or to omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements made, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, or
    “(c) To engage in any act, practice, or course of business which operates or would operate as a fraud or deceit upon any person,


“in connection with the purchase or sale of any security.”  

 17 CFR §240.10b–5.

Rule 10b–5 encompasses only conduct already prohibited by §10(b).  United States v. O’Hagan, 

521 U. S. 642, 
 651 (1997)
.  Though the text of the Securities Exchange Act does not provide for a private cause of action for §10(b) violations, the Court has found a right of action implied in the words of the statute and its implementing regulation.  Superintendent of Ins. of N. Y. v. Bankers Life & Casualty Co., 

404 U. S. 6, 
 13, n. 
 9 (1971)
.  In a typical §10(b) private action a plaintiff must prove (1) a material misrepresentation or omission by the defendant; (2) scienter; (3) a connection between the misrepresentation or omission and the purchase or sale of a security; (4) reliance upon the misrepresentation or omission; (5) economic loss; and (6) loss causation.  See Dura Pharmaceuticals, Inc. v. Broudo, 

544 U. S. 336, 
 341–342 (2005)
. 
    In Central Bank, the Court determined that §10(b) liability did not extend to aiders and abettors.  The Court found the scope of §10(b) to be delimited by the text, which makes no mention of aiding and abetting liability.  511 U. S., at 177.  The Court doubted the implied §10(b) action should extend to aiders and abettors when none of the express causes of action in the securities Acts included that liability.  Id., at 180.  It added the following:
“Were we to allow the aiding and abetting action proposed in this case, the defendant could be liable without any showing that the plaintiff relied upon the aider and abettor’s statements or actions.  See also Chiarella [v. United States, 

445 U. S. 222, 
 228 (1980)
].  Allowing plaintiffs to circumvent the reliance requirement would disregard the careful limits on 10b–5 recovery mandated by our earlier cases.”  Ibid.
    The decision in Central Bank led to calls for Congress to create an express cause of action for aiding and abetting within the Securities Exchange Act.  Then-SEC Chairman Arthur Levitt, testifying before the Senate Securities Subcommittee, cited Central Bank and recommended that aiding and abetting liability in private claims be established.  S. Hearing No. 103–759, pp. 13–14 (1994).  Congress did not follow this course.  Instead, in §104 of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 (PSLRA), 

109 Stat.
 757, it directed prosecution of aiders and abettors by the SEC.  

 15 U. S. C. §78t(e).
    The §10(b) implied private right of action does not extend to aiders and abettors.  The conduct of a secondary actor must satisfy each of the elements or preconditions for liability; and we consider whether the allegations here are sufficient to do so.
III
    The Court of Appeals concluded petitioner had not alleged that respondents engaged in a deceptive act within the reach of the §10(b) private right of action, noting that only misstatements, omissions by one who has a duty to disclose, and manipulative trading practices (where “manipulative” is a term of art, see, e.g.,
Santa Fe Industries, Inc. v. Green, 

430 U. S. 462, 
 476–477 (1977)
) are deceptive within the meaning of the rule.  443 F. 3d, at 992.  If this conclusion were read to suggest there must be a specific oral or written statement before there could be liability under §10(b) or Rule 10b–5, it would be erroneous.  Conduct itself can be deceptive, as respondents concede.  In this case, moreover, respondents’ course of conduct included both oral and written statements, such as the backdated contracts agreed to by Charter and respondents.
    A different interpretation of the holding from the Court of Appeals opinion is that the court was stating only that any deceptive statement or act respondents made was not actionable because it did not have the requisite proximate relation to the investors’ harm.  That conclusion is consistent with our own determination that respondents’ acts or statements were not relied upon by the investors and that, as a result, liability cannot be imposed upon respondents.
A
    Reliance by the plaintiff upon the defendant’s deceptive acts is an essential element of the §10(b) private cause of action.  It ensures that, for liability to arise, the “requisite causal connection between a defendant’s misrepresentation and a plaintiff’s injury” exists as a predicate for liability.  Basic Inc. v. Levinson, 

485 U. S. 224, 
 243 (1988)
; see also Affiliated Ute Citizens of Utah v. United States, 

406 U. S. 128, 
 154 (1972)
 (requiring “causation in fact”).  We have found a rebuttable presumption of reliance in two different circumstances.  First, if there is an omission of a material fact by one with a duty to disclose, the investor to whom the duty was owed need not provide specific proof of reliance.  Id., at 153–154.  Second, under the fraud-on-the-market doctrine, reliance is presumed when the statements at issue become public.  The public information is reflected in the market price of the security.  Then it can be assumed that an investor who buys or sells stock at the market price relies upon the statement.  Basic, supra, at 247.
    Neither presumption applies here.  Respondents had no duty to disclose; and their deceptive acts were not communicated to the public.  No member of the investing public had knowledge, either actual or presumed, of respondents’ deceptive acts during the relevant times.  Petitioner, as a result, cannot show reliance upon any of respondents’ actions except in an indirect chain that we find too remote for liability.
B
    Invoking what some courts call “scheme liability,” see, e.g., In re Enron Corp. Securities, Derivative, & “ERISA” Litigation, 439 F. Supp. 2d 692, 723 (SD Tex. 2006), petitioner nonetheless seeks to impose liability on respondents even absent a public statement.  In our view this approach does not answer the objection that petitioner did not in fact rely upon respondents’ own deceptive conduct.
    Liability is appropriate, petitioner contends, because respondents engaged in conduct with the purpose and effect of creating a false appearance of material fact to further a scheme to misrepresent Charter’s revenue.  The argument is that the financial statement Charter released to the public was a natural and expected consequence of respondents’ deceptive acts; had respondents not assisted Charter, Charter’s auditor would not have been fooled, and the financial statement would have been a more accurate reflection of Charter’s financial condition.  That causal link is sufficient, petitioner argues, to apply Basic’s presumption of reliance to respondents’ acts.  See, e.g.,
Simpson, 452 F. 3d, at 1051–1052; In re Parmalat Securities Litigation, 376 F. Supp. 2d 472, 509 (SDNY 2005).
    In effect petitioner contends that in an efficient market  investors rely not only upon the public statements relating to a security but also upon the transactions those statements reflect.  Were this concept of reliance to be adopted, the implied cause of action would reach the whole marketplace in which the issuing company does business; and there is no authority for this rule.
    As stated above, reliance is tied to causation, leading to the inquiry whether respondents’ acts were immediate or remote to the injury.  In considering petitioner’s arguments, we note §10(b) provides that the deceptive act must be “in connection with the purchase or sale of any security.”  

 15 U. S. C. §78j(b).  Though this phrase in part defines the statute’s coverage rather than causation (and so we do not evaluate the “in connection with” requirement of §10(b) in this case), the emphasis on a purchase or sale of securities does provide some insight into the deceptive acts that concerned the enacting Congress.  See Black, Securities Commentary: The Second Circuit’s Approach to the ‘In Connection With’ Requirement of Rule 10b–5, 53 Brooklyn L. Rev. 539, 541 (1987) (“[W]hile the ‘in connection with’ and causation requirements are analytically distinct, they are related to each other, and discussion of the first requirement may merge with discussion of the second”).  In all events we conclude respondents’ deceptive acts, which were not disclosed to the investing public, are too remote to satisfy the requirement of reliance.  It was Charter, not respondents, that misled its auditor and filed fraudulent financial statements; nothing respondents did made it necessary or inevitable for Charter to record the transactions as it did.
    The petitioner invokes the private cause of action under §10(b) and seeks to apply it beyond the securities markets—the realm of financing business—to purchase and supply contracts—the realm of ordinary business operations.  The latter realm is governed, for the most part, by state law.  It is true that if business operations are used, as alleged here, to affect securities markets, the SEC enforcement power may reach the culpable actors.  It is true as well that a dynamic, free economy presupposes a high degree of integrity in all of its parts, an integrity that must be underwritten by rules enforceable in fair, independent, accessible courts.  Were the implied cause of action to be extended to the practices described here, however, there would be a risk that the federal power would be used to invite litigation beyond the immediate sphere of securities litigation and in areas already governed by functioning and effective state-law guarantees.  Our precedents counsel against this extension.  See Marine Bank v. Weaver, 

455 U. S. 551, 
 556 (1982)
 (“Congress, in enacting the securities laws, did not intend to provide a broad federal remedy for all fraud”); Santa Fe, 430 U. S., at 479–480 (“There may well be a need for uniform federal fiduciary standards … .  But those standards should not be supplied by judicial extension of §10(b) and Rule 10b–5 to ‘cover the corporate universe’ ” (quoting Cary, Federalism and Corporate Law: Reflections Upon Delaware, 83 Yale L. J. 663, 700 (1974))).  Though §10(b) is “not ‘limited to preserving the integrity of the securities markets,’ ” Bankers Life, 404 U. S., at 12, it does not reach all commercial transactions that are fraudulent and affect the price of a security in some attenuated way.
    These considerations answer as well the argument that if this were a common-law action for fraud there could be a finding of reliance.  Even if the assumption is correct, it is not controlling.  Section 10(b) does not incorporate common-law fraud into federal law.  See, e.g.,
SEC v. Zandford, 

535 U. S. 813, 
 820 (2002)
 (“[Section 10(b)] must not be construed so broadly as to convert every common-law fraud that happens to involve securities into a violation”); Central Bank, 511 U. S., at 184 (“Even assuming … a deeply rooted background of aiding and abetting tort liability, it does not follow that Congress intended to apply that kind of liability to the private causes of action in the securities Acts”); see also Dura, 544 U. S., at 341.  Just as §10(b) “is surely badly strained when construed to provide a cause of action … to the world at large,” Blue Chip Stamps v. Manor Drug Stores, 

421 U. S. 723, 
 733, n. 
 5 (1975)
, it should not be interpreted to provide a private cause of action against the entire marketplace in which the issuing company operates.
    Petitioner’s theory, moreover, would put an unsupportable interpretation on Congress’ specific response to Central Bank in §104 of the PSLRA.  Congress amended the securities laws to provide for limited coverage of aiders and abettors.  Aiding and abetting liability is authorized in actions brought by the SEC but not by private parties.  See 

 15 U. S. C. §78t(e).  Petitioner’s view of primary liability makes any aider and abettor liable under §10(b) if he or she committed a deceptive act in the process of providing assistance.  Reply Brief for Petitioner 6, n. 2; Tr. of Oral Arg. 24.  Were we to adopt this construction of §10(b), it would revive in substance the implied cause of action against all aiders and abettors except those who committed no deceptive act in the process of facilitating the fraud; and we would undermine Congress’ determination that this class of defendants should be pursued by the SEC and not by private litigants.  See Alexander v. Sandoval, 

532 U. S. 275, 
 290 (2001)
 (“The express provision of one method of enforcing a substantive rule suggests that Congress intended to preclude others”); FDA v. Brown & Williamson Tobacco Corp., 

529 U. S. 120, 
 143 (2000)
 (“At the time a statute is enacted, it may have a range of plausible meanings.  Over time, however, subsequent acts can shape or focus those meanings”); see also Seatrain Shipbuilding Corp. v. Shell Oil Co., 

444 U. S. 572, 
 596 (1980)
 (“[W]hile the views of subsequent Congresses cannot override the unmistakable intent of the enacting one, such views are entitled to significant weight, and particularly so when the precise intent of the enacting Congress is obscure” (citations omitted)).
    This is not a case in which Congress has enacted a regulatory statute and then has accepted, over a long period of time, broad judicial authority to define substantive standards of conduct and liability.  Cf. Leegin Creative Leather Products, Inc. v. PSKS, Inc., 551 U. S. ___, ___ (2007) (slip op., at 19–20).  And in accord with the nature of the cause of action at issue here, we give weight to Congress’ amendment to the Act restoring aiding and abetting liability in certain cases but not others.  The amendment, in our view, supports the conclusion that there is no liability.
    The practical consequences of an expansion, which the Court has considered appropriate to examine in circumstances like these, see Virginia Bankshares, Inc. v. Sandberg, 

501 U. S. 1083, 
 1104–1105 (1991)
; Blue Chip, 421 U. S., at 737, provide a further reason to reject petitioner’s approach.  In Blue Chip, the Court noted that extensive discovery and the potential for uncertainty and disruption in a lawsuit allow plaintiffs with weak claims to extort settlements from innocent companies.  Id., at 740–741.  Adoption of petitioner’s approach would expose a new class of defendants to these risks.  As noted in Central Bank, contracting parties might find it necessary to protect against these threats, raising the costs of doing business.  See 511 U. S., at 189.  Overseas firms with no other exposure to our securities laws could be deterred from doing business here.  See Brief for Organization for International Investment et al. as Amici Curiae 17–20.  This, in turn, may raise the cost of being a publicly traded company under our law and shift securities offerings away from domestic capital markets.  Brief for NASDAQ Stock Market, Inc., et al. as Amici Curiae 12–14.
C
    The history of the §10(b) private right and the careful approach the Court has taken before proceeding without congressional direction provide further reasons to find no liability here.  The §10(b) private cause of action is a judicial construct that Congress did not enact in the text of the relevant statutes.  See Lampf, Pleva, Lipkind, Prupis & Petigrow v. Gilbertson, 

501 U. S. 350, 
 358–359 (1991)
; Blue Chip, supra, at 729.  Though the rule once may have been otherwise, see J. I. Case Co. v. Borak, 

377 U. S. 426, 
 432–433 (1964)
, it is settled that there is an implied cause of action only if the underlying statute can be interpreted to disclose the intent to create one, see, e.g.,
Alexander, supra, at 286–287; Virginia Bankshares, supra, at 1102; Touche Ross & Co. v. Redington, 

442 U. S. 560, 
 575 (1979)
.  This is for good reason.  In the absence of congressional intentthe Judiciary’s recognition of an implied private right of action 
“necessarily extends its authority to embrace a dispute Congress has not assigned it to resolve.  This runs contrary to the established principle that ‘[t]he jurisdiction of the federal courts is carefully guarded against expansion by judicial interpretation … ,’ American Fire & Casualty Co. v. Finn, 

341 U. S. 6, 
 17 (1951)
, and conflicts with the authority of Congress under Art. III to set the limits of federal jurisdiction.”  Cannon v. University of Chicago, 

441 U. S. 677, 
 746 (1979)
 (Powell, J., dissenting) (citations and footnote omitted).  
The determination of who can seek a remedy has significant consequences for the reach of federal power.  See Wilder v. Virginia Hospital Assn., 

496 U. S. 498, 
 509, n. 
 9 (1990)
 (requirement of congressional intent “reflects a concern, grounded in separation of powers, that Congress rather than the courts controls the availability of remedies for violations of statutes”).
    Concerns with the judicial creation of a private cause of action caution against its expansion.  The decision to extend the cause of action is for Congress, not for us.  Though it remains the law, the §10(b) private right should not be extended beyond its present boundaries.  See Virginia Bankshares, supra, at 1102 (“[T]he breadth of the [private right of action] once recognized should not, as a general matter, grow beyond the scope congressionally intended”); see also Central Bank, supra, at 173 (determining that the scope of conduct prohibited is limited by the text of §10(b)).
    This restraint is appropriate in light of the PSLRA, which imposed heightened pleading requirements and a loss causation requirement upon “any private action” arising from the Securities Exchange Act.  See 

 15 U. S. C. §78u–4(b).  It is clear these requirements touch upon the implied right of action, which is now a prominent feature of federal securities regulation.  See Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Inc. v. Dabit, 

547 U. S. 71, 
 81–82 (2006)
; Dura, 544 U. S., at 345–346; see also S. Rep. No. 104–98, p. 4–5 (1995) (recognizing the §10(b) implied cause of action, and indicating the PSLRA was intended to have “Congress … reassert its authority in this area”); id., at 26 (indicating the pleading standards covered §10(b) actions).  Congress thus ratified the implied right of action after the Court moved away from a broad willingness to imply private rights of action.  See Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc. v. Curran, 

456 U. S. 353
, and n. 66 (1982); cf. Borak, supra, at 433.  It is appropriate for us to assume that when §78u–4 was enacted, Congress accepted the §10(b) private cause of action as then defined but chose to extend it no further.
IV
    Secondary actors are subject to criminal penalties, see, e.g.,
15 U. S. C. §78ff, and civil enforcement by the SEC, see, e.g., §78t(e).  The enforcement power is not toothless.  Since September 30, 2002, SEC enforcement actions have collected over $10 billion in disgorgement and penalties, much of it for distribution to injured investors.  See SEC, 2007 Performance and Accountability Report, p. 26, http://www.sec.gov/about/secpar2007.shtml (as visited Jan. 2, 2008, and available in Clerk of Court’s case file). And in this case both parties agree that criminal penalties are a strong deterrent.  See Brief for Respondents 48; Reply Brief for Petitioner 17.  In addition some state securities laws permit state authorities to seek fines and restitution from aiders and abettors.  See, e.g., Del. Code Ann., Tit. 6, §7325 (2005).  All secondary actors, furthermore, are not necessarily immune from private suit.  The securities statutes provide an express private right of action against accountants and underwriters in certain circumstances, see 

 15 U. S. C. §77k, and the implied right of action in §10(b) continues to cover secondary actors who commit primary violations.  Central Bank, supra, at 191.
    Here respondents were acting in concert with Charter in the ordinary course as suppliers and, as matters then evolved in the not so ordinary course, as customers.  Unconventional as the arrangement was, it took place in the marketplace for goods and services, not in the investment sphere.  Charter was free to do as it chose in preparing its books, conferring with its auditor, and preparing and then issuing its financial statements.  In these circumstances the investors cannot be said to have relied upon any of respondents’ deceptive acts in the decision to purchase or sell securities; and as the requisite reliance cannot be shown, respondents have no liability to petitioner under the implied right of action.  This conclusion is consistent with the narrow dimensions we must give to a right of action Congress did not authorize when it first enacted the statute and did not expand when it revisited the law.
    The judgment of the Court of Appeals is affirmed, and the case is remanded for further proceedings consistent with this opinion. 
It is so ordered.

Justice Breyer took no part in the consideration or decision of this case.






Supreme Court Toolbox


















Stay Involved


  LII Announce Blog
  LII Supreme Court Bulletin


 Make a donation
 Contribute content
 Become a sponsor
 Give feedback


 











All lawyers

 















Stone Ridge Investment Partners, LLC                                                                                     - Malvern                                           , PA         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



PA



Malvern



Investment Advice



Futures Advisory Service



                            Stone Ridge Investment Partners, LLC
                                    



 





















S 


Stone Ridge Investment Partners, LLC                                                                                    
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



7 GREAT VALLEY PKWY # 290 MALVERN, PA 19355
Get Directions



(610) 647-5287
www.stoneridgeinvestments.com                                                                           





Business Info



 Founded 1999
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $1,465,344.00
 Employee Count 16
 Industries Futures Advisory Service
 Contacts Joe Stocke                                                                                                              







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Stone Ridge Investment Partners, Llc                                                                                     is located at 7 Great Valley Pkwy # 290 in Malvern and has been in the business of Futures Advisory Service since 1999. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







S

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















Philip Brown, Stoneridge Investment Partners LLC: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  
































Feedback





Philip Brown

Pres/Mng Partner/Co-Founder,
Stoneridge Investment Partners LLC






Career History




Co-Manager
Stoneridge Small-Mid Cap Growth Equity, 12/2002-PRESENT


Member:Portfolio Management Team
Stoneridge Large Cap Core Equity, 2/1985-PRESENT


Member:Portfolio Management Team
Stoneridge Small Cap Growth Equity, 2/1985-PRESENT


Member:Fund Management Team
Unified Series Trust - Stoneridge Equity Fund, PRESENT


Member:Fund Management Team
Stoneridge Small Cap Growth Fund, PRESENT


Pres/Mng Partner/Co-Founder
Stoneridge Investment Partners LLC, PRESENT


Member:Fund Management Team
Unified Series Trust - Stoneridge Bond Fund, PRESENT


Founding Partner
Stoneridge Investment Partners LLC, 1999-UNKNOWN



Meridian Investment Company/Philadelphia, 1984-UNKNOWN


President/Founding Member
Meridian Investment Company/Philadelphia, FORMER


Chief Investment Officer
Central Penn National Bank, FORMER


Portfolio Manager
Glenmede Trust Co, FORMER


Director:Research
Schmidt Roberts & Parke, FORMER


Show More







Corporate Information
Address:



Phone:
-


Fax:
-











From The Web












Personal Information



Education



University of Maine
Bachelor's Degree


University of Maine
MBA








Awards & Publications



Certificates




Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA)









Memberships



Board Memberships




Crozer-Keystone Health System


Board Member, PRESENT






Other Memberships




 Institute of Chartered Financial Analysts


Member




Financial Analysts Federation of Philadelphia 


Member




Philadelphia Securities Association


Member



Show More








Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data



































Stoneridge Investment Partners - Home













































 











1st Quarter 2017


Assets Under Management
$790 Mil


Number of Employees
13


Percent Employee Ownership
71%


Portfolio Managers
3




StoneRidge Investment Partners offers equity investment management to institutional investors. StoneRidge was formed in 1999 and restructured in 2009, when Steven Sanders was named CEO & Chief Investment Strategist. Mr. Sanders and founding principals, Philip Brown, President and Joseph Stocke, Chief Investment Officer, continue to guide and lead our organization in providing world-class asset management services to our clients.
read more



read more




We endeavor to provide real value to clients through superior investment returns and exceptional service.



We respect and support the communities we touch through sponsorship of local and national causes.



We maintain an entrepreneurial environment to motivate and empower employees to provide clients with the highest level of investment service.



Executive Team





Steven Sanders
CEO Chief Investment
Strategist





Philip H. Brown II
President, Partner





Wayne O. Leevy
Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer





Joseph E. Stocke
Chief Investment Officer, Managing Director





Kyle V. Myers
Director, Business Development & Senior Equity Product Specialist































Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.


