 

Stony Hill Corp. (OTCMKTS:STNY) Files An 8-K Other Events - Market Exclusive

































                          Sign in Join Home  About Us  Privacy Policy  Disclaimer     Advertise On Market Exclusive About Marketexclusive.com Contributors Sitemap Submit a Scoop! Contact Us Become a Contributor!   Stock Market News Stocks  Analyst Ratings Insider Trading SEC Filings Earnings   Biotech Stocks Small Caps     Sign in  Welcome!Log into your accountyour usernameyour password
Forgot your password?   Sign up Welcome!Register for an account your emailyour username
A password will be e-mailed to you.   Password recovery Recover your passwordyour email     Search 
      Sign in / JoinMy Account orders                         Sign inWelcome! Log into your accountyour usernameyour password
Forgot your password? Get helpCreate an account Create an accountWelcome! Register for an accountyour emailyour username
A password will be e-mailed to you. Password recoveryRecover your passwordyour email
A password will be e-mailed to you.     Market Exclusive              Home  About Us  Privacy Policy  Disclaimer     Advertise On Market Exclusive About Marketexclusive.com Contributors Sitemap Submit a Scoop! Contact Us Become a Contributor!   Stock Market News Stocks  Analyst Ratings Insider Trading SEC Filings Earnings   Biotech Stocks Small Caps           

  Home  SEC Filings  Stony Hill Corp. (OTCMKTS:STNY) Files An 8-K Other Events     SEC Filings  Stony Hill Corp. (OTCMKTS:STNY) Files An 8-K Other Events  ByME Staff 8-k -May 2, 2017 22  Share on Facebook
Tweet on Twitter


 Stony Hill Corp. (OTCMKTS:STNY) Files An 8-K Other Events

Item 8.01. Other Events


Establishment of AdvisoryBoard and Adoption of
Charter


On April 28, 2017, the Stony Hill Corp., a Nevada corporation
(the Company), announced that the Board of the Directors of the
Company has established an advisory board (the Advisory Board)
and approved and adopted a charter (the Advisory Board Charter)
to govern the Advisory Board. to the Advisory Board Charter, the
Advisory Board shall be comprised of one or more directors, and
up to six independent, non-Board, non-employee members, all of
whom shall be appointed and subject to removal by the Board of
Directors at any time. In addition to the enumerated
responsibilities of the Advisory Board in the Advisory Board
Charter, the primary function of the Advisory Board is to assist
the Board of Directors in its general oversight of the Companys
development of new business ventures and strategic planning. A
copy of the Companys Advisory Board Charter is attached as
Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is
incorporated herein by reference.


In connection with the establishment of the Advisory Board, the
Board of Directors appointed Dr. James Mul, an independent,
non-Board and non-Company employee to the Advisory Board.
Currently, the Advisory Board does not have a Company director
member, and Dr. Mul is its sole member.


In connection with Dr. Muls appointment to the Advisory Board,
the Company entermeted into a Consulting Agreement (the
Consulting Agreement), dated effective May 1, 2017, whereby the
Company shall pay Dr. Mul an annual consulting fee of $50,000
worth of shares of common stock of the Company, based on the
stock price of the Company on the last day of each calendar year,
and reimburse Dr. Mul for reasonable out-of-pocket expenses,
including, without limitation, travel expenses incurred by him in
connection with the Companys requests of the performance of his
duties to the Company. In addition, the Dr. Mul may be eligible
for an annual discretionary bonus based on performance and
entirely at the discretion of Board. The Consulting Agreement has
a term of three years.


Dr. Mul is Associate Center Director, the U.S. Senator Connie
Mack (ret.) Family Endowed Chair for Melanoma Research and
Treatment, and Director of Cell-based Therapies at the Moffitt
Cancer Center, Tampa, Florida. He is recognized for his research
and clinical trial contributions to cancer immunotherapy,
particularly in melanoma. His translational work in this area has
helped to develop new treatments for advanced cancer patients. He
has published nearly 200 articles. Dr. Mul serves on Advisory
Boards of numerous biotechnology and pharma companies as well as
investment funds (e.g., OncoPep, Fulgent Diagnostics, UbiVac,
Lion Biotech, Orpheus Therapeutics, Vault Pharma, Celgene, Select
BioVenture Partners, Noble Life Science Partners, KB Capital
Management, among others). Dr. Mul remains a long-standing
special government employee to the FDA (CDER and CBER) and the
NCI. He was Chair of the Cellular, Tissue, and Gene Therapy
Advisory Committee of CBER , FDA. He currently serves on the
advisory boards of several NCI-designated Cancer Centers and was
a member of the NCI Directors Board of Scientific Counselors
(BSC-A). Dr. Mul also serves on the Editorial Boards of several
peer-reviewed journals, including Scientific Reports
(nature.com), Journal of Immunotherapy, and Cancer Immunology
Research (AACR). Dr. Mul received his professional degrees from
the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center and the University of
Washington, Seattle, Washington. He then received his formal
post-graduate training at the Surgery Branch , Division of Cancer
Treatment, National Cancer Institute, NIH, Bethesda, Maryland,
where he became a Senior Investigator with tenure. Dr. Mul moved
to Palo Al to, CA, where he helped to launch and scientifically
direct two biotechnology companies and was also an adjunct
professor at Stanford University. He then moved to Ann Arbor,
Michigan to become the Director of the Tumor Immunology and
Immunotherapy Program at the University of Michigan Comprehensive
Cancer Center, the Maude T. Lane Endo wed Professor of Surgery
with tenure, Department of Surgery, and Professor in the
Department of Internal Medicine.


Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.


(d) Exhibits





Exhibit




Description









10.1




Consulting Agreement, dated May 1, 2017, by and between the
Company and Dr. James Mul









99.1




AdvisoryBoard Charter, adopted by the Board of Directors of
Stony Hill Corp. on April 18, 2017











2











 About Stony Hill Corp. (OTCMKTS:STNY) Stony Hill Corp., formerly First Fixtures, Inc., is organized to sell plumbing fixtures over the Internet. The Company is a vertically integrated company focused on multiple areas of the cannabis industry. The Company is engaged in exploring involvement in the consumer, health and wellness, recreational, medical, media and nutraceutical industry. The Company sells products, including clothing, apparel, and other various branded products through its partners. Stony Hill Ventures is organized for various investments under the Stony Hill brand, as well as to conduct any other related business and activities. The Company intends to establish a medical cannabis platform and brand; create a platform to partner and invest in various segments in the medical marijuana industry, and establishes various strategic alliances. Stony Hill Corp. (OTCMKTS:STNY) Recent Trading Information Stony Hill Corp. (OTCMKTS:STNY) closed its last trading session up +0.10 at 2.30 with 2,500 shares trading hands.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.An ad to help with our costs

RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR      BLACK STALLION OIL AND GAS INC. (OTCMKTS:BLKG) Files An 8-K Other Events    Hibbett Sports, Inc. (NASDAQ:HIBB) Files An 8-K Results of Operations and Financial Condition    STEEL DYNAMICS,INC. (NASDAQ:STLD) Files An 8-K Results of Operations and Financial Condition     PERMIAN BASIN ROYALTY TRUST (NYSE:PBT) Files An 8-K Results of Operations and Financial Condition    SIERRA BANCORP (NASDAQ:BSRR) Files An 8-K Results of Operations and Financial Condition    STONE ENERGY CORPORATION (NYSE:SGY) Files An 8-K Regulation FD Disclosure  Subscribe to our Newsletter

Email *











First nameLast nameEmail



A word from the sponsor      Latest Articles
 PINGTAN MARINE ENTERPRISE LTD. (NASDAQ:PME) Files An 8-K Results of Operations and Financial Condition 
 RAYONIER ADVANCED MATERIALS INC. (NYSE:RYAM) Files An 8-K Financial Statements and Exhibits 
 ARMSTRONG WORLD INDUSTRIES, INC. (NYSE:AWI) Files An 8-K Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders 

  Recent Posts 
 Analyst Activity – Barclays PLC Reiterates Equal Weight on Vodafone Group plc (LON:VOD) 
 Analyst Activity – Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) Reiterates Buy on Vedanta Resources plc (LON:VED) 
 Analyst Activity – J P Morgan Chase & Co Reiterates Overweight on Ultra Electronics Holdings plc (LON:ULE) 
 Analyst Activity – Raymond James Financial, Inc. Initiates Coverage On Blue Apron Holdings (NASDAQ:APRN) With a Market Perform 
 Analyst Activity – Canaccord Genuity Reiterates Buy on Tungsten Corp PLC (LON:TUNG) 

 Sponsored      EDITOR PICKS    Biotech Movers At Both End Of The Space: GlaxoSmithKline plc (ADR)...  July 24, 2017   Here’s What Just Happened With Ironwood Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:IRWD) and Aeterna...  July 21, 2017   Here’s What Just Happened With Sarepta Therapeutics Inc (NASDAQ:SRPT)  July 20, 2017 POPULAR POSTS    This Small Nasdaq Hidden Gem May Have a $2.8B Drug  July 16, 2017   Weekly Biotech Report covering – Opko Health Inc (NYSE:OPK) Intercept...  April 11, 2016   Facebook Inc – (NASDAQ:FB) Might Be Moving Away From Its...  April 8, 2016 POPULAR CATEGORYSEC Filings38381LSE1947Analyst Ratings1767Stocks1363Tech News1265Biotech Stocks1183Stock Market News1119Small Caps721Canada470   ABOUT USMarket Exclusive offers the latest financial news and analysis for selected US stocks and securities. We are an investor driven research platform where new investment ideas from a exclusively selected group of seasoned investment analysts and qualified members from various disciplines are able to deliver their investment thesis’ across various industries and sectors. Our burgeoning team is comprised of individuals with strong backgrounds from various disciplines and businesses. Our goal is to provide an exclusive forum for contributors and users to leverage the knowledge base in order to make smarter investing decisions.
At Market Exclusive, we believe that quality information from experienced well seasoned contributors provide our members with an edge that allows them to make wise investment choices.
Market Exclusive is not a registered investment broker/dealer. The content on this site is for informational purposes only. Additionally, the content on this site does not represent the views of Market Exclusive and is solely a representation of the authors who publish them. Before investing in any security you should do your own due diligence and consult with a registered broker or financial advisor.Contact us: [email protected]FOLLOW US


















    SEC Filings Stocks Stock Market News Tech News Biotech Stocks Featured Small Caps gold Other News Oil Become a Contributor! About Marketexclusive.com Contributors Advertise On Market Exclusive Contact Us   © Market Exclusive 2015

 

























































	MCIG Sells Stony Hill Corp. an 80% Stake in its VitaCBD Brand





















Toll Free 888.952.4446  e-Mail [email protected]



























                        
News Room /  MCIG Sells Stony Hill Corp. an 80% Stake in its VitaCBD Brand

                    










MCIG Sells Stony Hill Corp. an 80% Stake in its VitaCBD Brand


HENDERSON, NV / ACCESSWIRE / February 27, 2017 / mCig, Inc. (OTCQB: MCIG), a diversified company focused on the cannabis industry, announced today that it has entered into an asset purchase agreement with Stony Hill Corp. (OTCQB: STNY) for the purpose of pursuing mutually beneficial business opportunities in the Cannabidiol (CBD) Industry. Under terms of the agreement, MCIG will sell the VitaCBD brand to STNY, in exchange for total consideration of $850,000 in cash and common stock, and a 20% stake in VitaCBD, LLC, a subsidiary of STNY. 
Paul Rosenberg, President and CEO of MCIG, commented, "MCIG has worked diligently to build the VitaCBD product line, but recognizes the need for a strategic partner to assist in branding and marketing of the product. After months of discussions and negotiations, we believe we have found that partner with Stony Hill. We are very bullish on the future revenue potential of VitaCBD and its ability to create value for our company and its shareholders."
VitaCBD is a highly dedicated group devoted to engineering the purest hemp derived products available. Both hemp and marijuana contain dozens of cannabinoids, naturally occurring chemical compounds, but it is cannabidiol (CBD), in particular, that offers the potential for health and therapeutic benefits without the high. Hemp plants typically contain elevated levels of health-enhancing CBD, but by definition contain only trace levels of THC. This makes the hemp plant attractive to those seeking its potential health benefits as part of an antioxidant-rich lifestyle.
Chris Bridges, President of STNY, stated, "This transaction will expand Stony Hill's platform of products and accelerate its growth strategy in the industry. Stony Hill and mCig will have a synergistic relationship, combining management and personnel with a dedicated focus on the promotion and deployment of the VitaCBD brand. We are excited to have mCig as a strategic partner and a shareholder in Stony Hill."
About mCig, Inc.
Headquartered in Henderson, Nevada, mCig Inc. (OTCQB: MCIG) is a diversified company servicing the legal cannabis, hemp and CBD markets via its lifestyle brands. MCIG has transitioned from a vaporizer manufacturer to an industry leading, large scale, full service cannabis cultivation construction company, with its Grow Contractors division currently operating in the rapidly expanding Nevada market. The company looks forward to growing its core competencies to service the Ancillary legal Cannabis, Hemp, and CBD markets, with broader expansion to take place once federal laws change. For more information, visit www.mcig.org. 
Safe Harbor Statement
Any statements contained in this press release that do not describe historical facts may constitute forward-looking statements as that term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Any forward-looking statements contained herein are based on current expectations, but are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. The factors that could cause actual future results to differ materially from current expectations include, but are not limited to, risks and uncertainties relating to the Company's ability to develop, market and sell products based on its technology; the expected benefits and efficacy of the Company's products and technology; the availability of substantial additional funding for the Company to continue its operations and to conduct research and development, and future product commercialization; and the Company's business, research, product development, regulatory approval, marketing, and distribution plans and strategies.
Contact:
CEO of mCig, Inc.
Paul Rosenberg
[email protected]
SOURCE: mCig, Inc.













mCig Inc.
Industry:

    Consumer & Retail Products

 





Top












Stony Hill Corp: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback
















stony hill corp
Public Company









Company Profile
Sector: Consumer Discretionary
Industry: Commercial Services
Sub-Industry: Other Commercial Services
Stony Hill Corp. vertically integrated company focused on multiple areas of the cannabis industry. The Company is exploring involvement in the consumer, health and wellness, recreational, medical, media and nutraceutical industry.




Corporate Information
Address:

9701 Wilshire Blvd
Beverly Hills, CA 90212
United States


Phone:
-


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.stonyhillcorp.com





Board Members




President
Company


Chris Bridges
Stony Hill Corp








Board Members
Company


Damian Marley
Stony Hill Corp


























From The Web












Press Releases




An Exclusive New Audio Interview with Chris Bridges, President of Stony Hill Corp., is now Featured at SmallCapVoice.com

Jul 12, 2017






Key Executives


Chris Bridges


President




Dan Dalton


Treasurer




John Brady


Secretary







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data








































    STNY Key Statistics - Stony Hill Corp. Financial Ratios - MarketWatch




































Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets After Hours



Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Stony Hill Corp.

                  OTC: STNY
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Stony Hill Corp.



Market closed
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 28, 2017, 5:20 p.m.


STNY

/quotes/zigman/79152512/delayed


$
2.50




Change

0.00
0.00%

Volume
Volume 399
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/79152512/delayed
Previous close

$
			2.50
		


$
				2.50
			
Change

0.00
0.00%





Day low
Day high
$2.50
$2.50










52 week low
52 week high

            $0.60
        

            $5.00
        

















			Company Description 


			Stony Hill Corp. operates as a diversified company which focuses on multiples areas of the cannabis, hemp and CBD industry. It engages in select investment, branding, real estate, and partnership opportunities in the recreational, health and wellness, nutraceutical and media industries. The company ...
		


                Stony Hill Corp. operates as a diversified company which focuses on multiples areas of the cannabis, hemp and CBD industry. It engages in select investment, branding, real estate, and partnership opportunities in the recreational, health and wellness, nutraceutical and media industries. The company was founded by Colin Povall on February 21, 2014 and is headquartered in Beverly Hills, CA.
            




Valuation

P/E Current
-57.50


P/E Ratio (with extraordinary items)
-70.49


Price to Sales Ratio
555.34


Price to Book Ratio
19.49


Enterprise Value to EBITDA
-285.08


Enterprise Value to Sales
748.46

Efficiency

Revenue/Employee
5,694.00


Income Per Employee
-64,707.00


Receivables Turnover
16.05


Total Asset Turnover
0.05

Liquidity

Current Ratio
8.17


Quick Ratio
7.45


Cash Ratio
6.73



Profitability

Gross Margin
42.16


Operating Margin
-306.35


Pretax Margin
-1,132.55


Net Margin
-1,136.36


Return on Assets
-61.69


Return on Equity
-64.55


Return on Total Capital
-64.55


Return on Invested Capital
-64.55

Capital Structure




      Officers and Executives
    



Name
Age
Officer Since
Title





Mr. Chris  Bridges 
38
2017
President & Director



Mr. Damian  Marley 
38
2016
Director



Mr. Dan  Dalton 
47
2016
Treasurer



Mr. David  Fiene 
-
-
Controller



Mr. John  Brady 
51
2016
Secretary





Insider Actions


 – Purchase

 – Sale
1
 – Number of Transactions











{"OrganizationDocuments":[{"Documents":[{"document":[{"reportDateGroup":[{"reportDate":"2011-06-09","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"5","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-17","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"3","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-16","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"2","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"8","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-13","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-12","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-11","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-02","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-03-10","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"5","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-02-17","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"4","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"2","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-02-15","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"8","tradeType":"A"},{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]}]}]}]}]}



/news/latest/company/us/stny

      MarketWatch News on STNY
    
No News currently available for STNY





/news/nonmarketwatch/company/us/stny

      Other News on STNY
    




 10-K: STONY HILL CORP.
3:29 p.m. June 29, 2017
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)




 10-Q: STONY HILL CORP.
1:56 p.m. Feb. 15, 2017
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)




 10-Q: STONY HILL CORP.
6:07 p.m. Nov. 17, 2016
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)




 10-Q: FIRST FIXTURES, INC.
6:07 a.m. Aug. 23, 2016
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)




 10-K: FIRST FIXTURES, INC.
2:09 p.m. July 28, 2016
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)














At a Glance

Stony Hill Corp.
9701 Wilshire Boulevard
Suite 1000

Beverly Hills, California 90212




Phone
1 3103567374


Industry
Home Goods Retail


Sector
Retail/Wholesale


Fiscal Year-end
03/2018


View SEC Filings




Revenue
$45,554


Net Income
$-517,656


Employees

        8.00


Annual Report for STNY











/news/pressrelease/company/us/stny

      Press Releases on STNY
    
No News currently available for STNY







Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




5:56 PM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	After


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
5:54pBitcoin investors: things may get very ugly soon, if this chart overlay is right
5:44pMeet the ‘Hamilton’ actors who fly cross-country when a cast member can’t go on
5:41pDonald Trump just ousted Reince Priebus. What to do if you think you’re about to get fired
5:38pHere’s what to do if, like Reince Priebus, you’re suddenly out of a job
5:27pReince Priebus departs as chief of staff as Trump gives job to John Kelly
5:25pThe perils (and pleasures) of blocking friends and colleagues on social media
5:12pWhat’s really happening with Target’s Cartwheel app
5:00pWall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
4:56pBREAKINGIn a tweet, Trump names Gen. Kelly his new chief of staff
4:56pMattel could get wrecked by weak ‘Cars 3’ toy sales
4:55pThis 1 number sums up why that Foxconn deal is over-the-top bad for Wisconsin
4:51pBREAKINGTrump tweets he's named a new chief of staff, John Kelly
4:42pWall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
4:34pLong-dated Treasury yields see weekly climb 
4:33pS&P 500, Nasdaq finish lower after Amazon disappointment; Dow closes at record
4:32pThe highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart
4:32pHow to raise your kids to be frugal (but not too frugal)
4:31pCities to move to if you want to work in tech — NOT including San Francisco
4:31pWhat Donald Trump’s battle of wills with Jeff Sessions teaches you about a difficult boss
4:30pTrump, Russia and Sanctions: What We Know 
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,830.31

+33.76
+0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,374.68

-7.51
-0.12%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.10

-3.32
-0.13%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15


























































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 



$MCIG Sells Stony Hill Corp 80% Stake in VitaCBD - Marijuana Stocks | Cannabis Investments and News. Roots of a Budding Industry.™






































































































 








CLOSE



Home
List of Marijuana Stocks

Focus List


Featured
Marijuana Stocks News
Political
Trends & Articles
Sector News
 
 




Friday, July 28, 2017  Marijuana Stocks
Welcome to Marijuana Stocks
Advertising
Content Submission
Contact us
 

                Quote Search			



















 























Home
List of Marijuana Stocks

Focus List


Featured



 
Senate Passes Marijuana Amendment While Trump and Sessions Try to Stop It 


 
Will California Start Their Own Financial Institution For Marijuana 


 
Marijuana Stocks Now On Reddit 


 
Marijuana Stocks: How To Make a Profit 


 
Medical Marijuana Has A New Partner, CBD 

 


Marijuana Stocks News



 
Lexaria Bioscience Corp. (LXRP) Announces Publication Highlighting the Operations of Several Public Cannabis-Biotech Companies 


 
InMed Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (IMLFF) Announces Publication in European Journal of Pain 


 
Zoned Properties, Inc. (ZDPY) Schedules Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Call for August 14, 2017 


 
Endexx Corporation (EDXC) to Showcase Phyto-Bites at the 4th Annual SuperZoo Show 2017 in Las Vegas 


 
PotNetwork Holding, Inc. (POTN) Diamond CBD Takes in over $300,000 in Sales at CHAMPS Summer Show 

 


Political



 
Senate Passes Marijuana Amendment While Trump and Sessions Try to Stop It 


 
Will Marijuana Stocks Be An Issue For Jeff Sessions ? 


 
Marijuana Laws In Massachusetts Are Being Amended Under The Radar 


 
Legal Marijuana Makes It Tough For Police To Take Advantage Of Your Rights 


 
How Florida’s Medical Marijuana Will Change Under Proposed Rules 

 


Trends & Articles



 
Marijuana Stocks: Most Read Articles on July 28 2017 


 
Will California Start Their Own Financial Institution For Marijuana 


 
Marijuana Stocks: Top Trending News & Articles – July 27, 2017 


 
Marijuana Stocks: How To Make a Profit 


 
Medical Marijuana Has A New Partner, CBD 

 


Sector News



 
Marijuana Stocks Top Trending Articles – July 7, 2017 


 
Marijuana Stocks: Top Trending Articles – July 6, 2017 


 
Friday’s Top Marijuana Stocks Articles | 6/30/17 


 
Thursday’s Trending Marijuana Stock News & Articles 


 
Marijuana Stocks: One CBD Company That Could Be Outpacing Industry Leaders 

 


 

















 
 
 
 







Home  Marijuana Stocks News  $MCIG Sells Stony Hill Corp 80% Stake in VitaCBD


$MCIG Sells Stony Hill Corp 80% Stake in VitaCBD

Marijuana Stocks News Feb 27, 2017 0 1992 





MCIG Sells Stony Hill Corp. an 80% Stake in its VitaCBD Brand


HENDERSON, NV / ACCESSWIRE / February 27, 2017 / mCig, Inc. (MCIG), a diversified company focused on the cannabis industry, announced today that it has entered into an asset purchase agreement with Stony Hill Corp. (STNY) for the purpose of pursuing mutually beneficial business opportunities in the Cannabidiol (CBD) Industry. Under terms of the agreement, MCIG will sell the VitaCBD brand to STNY, in exchange for total consideration of $850,000 in cash and common stock, and a 20% stake in VitaCBD, LLC, a subsidiary of STNY.
Paul Rosenberg, President and CEO of MCIG, commented, “MCIG has worked diligently to build the VitaCBD product line, but recognizes the need for a strategic partner to assist in branding and marketing of the product. After months of discussions and negotiations, we believe we have found that partner with Stony Hill. We are very bullish on the future revenue potential of VitaCBD and its ability to create value for our company and its shareholders.”
VitaCBD is a highly dedicated group devoted to engineering the purest hemp derived products available. Both hemp and marijuana contain dozens of cannabinoids, naturally occurring chemical compounds, but it is cannabidiol (CBD), in particular, that offers the potential for health and therapeutic benefits without the high. Hemp plants typically contain elevated levels of health-enhancing CBD, but by definition contain only trace levels of THC. This makes the hemp plant attractive to those seeking its potential health benefits as part of an antioxidant-rich lifestyle.
Chris Bridges, President of STNY, stated, “This transaction will expand Stony Hill’s platform of products and accelerate its growth strategy in the industry. Stony Hill and mCig will have a synergistic relationship, combining management and personnel with a dedicated focus on the promotion and deployment of the VitaCBD brand. We are excited to have mCig as a strategic partner and a shareholder in Stony Hill.”
About mCig, Inc.
Headquartered in Henderson, Nevada, mCig Inc. (MCIG) is a diversified company servicing the legal cannabis, hemp and CBD markets via its lifestyle brands. MCIG has transitioned from a vaporizer manufacturer to an industry leading, large scale, full service cannabis cultivation construction company, with its Grow Contractors division currently operating in the rapidly expanding Nevada market. The company looks forward to growing its core competencies to service the Ancillary legal Cannabis, Hemp, and CBD markets, with broader expansion to take place once federal laws change. For more information, visit www.mcig.org.
Safe Harbor Statement
Any statements contained in this press release that do not describe historical facts may constitute forward-looking statements as that term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Any forward-looking statements contained herein are based on current expectations, but are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. The factors that could cause actual future results to differ materially from current expectations include, but are not limited to, risks and uncertainties relating to the Company’s ability to develop, market and sell products based on its technology; the expected benefits and efficacy of the Company’s products and technology; the availability of substantial additional funding for the Company to continue its operations and to conduct research and development, and future product commercialization; and the Company’s business, research, product development, regulatory approval, marketing, and distribution plans and strategies.
Contact:
CEO of mCig, Inc.
Paul Rosenberg
paul@mcig.org




 


 
SIMILAR ARTICLES



 Lexaria Bioscience Corp. (LXRP) Announces Publication Highlighting the Operations of Several Public Cannabis-Biotech Companies

Jul 28, 2017 0 212 
 
 


 InMed Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (IMLFF) Announces Publication in European Journal of Pain

Jul 27, 2017 0 665 
 
 


NO COMMENTS


Leave a Reply Cancel reply







 




 
Current ye@r *




Leave this field empty


 

 


Social31619followers48260likes5532posts⇩ MARIJUANA STOCKS NEWS & ALERTS | Free Newsletter 





Privacy Policy
 



 



 

























 








                                © Copyright 2017 - MarijuanaStocks.com                            

About Marijuana Stocks
Disclaimer / Privacy policy / Terms of Use
Advertising
Contact us
 
















 








Subscribe Now & Begin Receiving Marijuana Stocks News, Articles, Trade Alerts & MORE, all 100% FREE! 

We are your #1 source for all things Marijuana Stocks, Subscribe Below!
  







Subscribe Now!



Privacy Policy: We will NEVER share, sell, barter, etc. any of our subscribers information for any reason ever! By subscribing you agree we can send you via email our free e-newsletter on marijuana stocks related, articles, news and trade alerts. Further questions please contact privacy@marijuanastocks.com Close this window 

 







































Ad Placements










 



Marijuana Stocks News Archives - Marijuana Stocks | Cannabis Investments and News. Roots of a Budding Industry.™























































































 








CLOSE



Home
List of Marijuana Stocks

Focus List


Featured
Marijuana Stocks News
Political
Trends & Articles
Sector News
 
 




Friday, July 28, 2017  Marijuana Stocks
Welcome to Marijuana Stocks
Advertising
Content Submission
Contact us
 

                Quote Search			























 























Home
List of Marijuana Stocks

Focus List


Featured



 
Senate Passes Marijuana Amendment While Trump and Sessions Try to Stop It 


 
Will California Start Their Own Financial Institution For Marijuana 


 
Marijuana Stocks Now On Reddit 


 
Marijuana Stocks: How To Make a Profit 


 
Medical Marijuana Has A New Partner, CBD 

 


Marijuana Stocks News



 
Lexaria Bioscience Corp. (LXRP) Announces Publication Highlighting the Operations of Several Public Cannabis-Biotech Companies 


 
InMed Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (IMLFF) Announces Publication in European Journal of Pain 


 
Zoned Properties, Inc. (ZDPY) Schedules Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Call for August 14, 2017 


 
Endexx Corporation (EDXC) to Showcase Phyto-Bites at the 4th Annual SuperZoo Show 2017 in Las Vegas 


 
PotNetwork Holding, Inc. (POTN) Diamond CBD Takes in over $300,000 in Sales at CHAMPS Summer Show 

 


Political



 
Senate Passes Marijuana Amendment While Trump and Sessions Try to Stop It 


 
Will Marijuana Stocks Be An Issue For Jeff Sessions ? 


 
Marijuana Laws In Massachusetts Are Being Amended Under The Radar 


 
Legal Marijuana Makes It Tough For Police To Take Advantage Of Your Rights 


 
How Florida’s Medical Marijuana Will Change Under Proposed Rules 

 


Trends & Articles



 
Marijuana Stocks: Most Read Articles on July 28 2017 


 
Will California Start Their Own Financial Institution For Marijuana 


 
Marijuana Stocks: Top Trending News & Articles – July 27, 2017 


 
Marijuana Stocks: How To Make a Profit 


 
Medical Marijuana Has A New Partner, CBD 

 


Sector News



 
Marijuana Stocks Top Trending Articles – July 7, 2017 


 
Marijuana Stocks: Top Trending Articles – July 6, 2017 


 
Friday’s Top Marijuana Stocks Articles | 6/30/17 


 
Thursday’s Trending Marijuana Stock News & Articles 


 
Marijuana Stocks: One CBD Company That Could Be Outpacing Industry Leaders 

 


 

















 
 
 
 







Home  Marijuana Stocks News 

Marijuana Stocks News


Marijuana Stocks NewsJul 6, 2017mCig Inc. (MCIG) Supply DivisionSales Reach $100k in One WeekMarijuana Stocks NewsJun 28, 2017Tetra Bio-Pharma Inc. (TBPMF)Expands Focus of CommercializationActivitiesMarijuana Stocks NewsJun 20, 2017mCig, Inc., (MCIG) to Manageand Staff Indoor Grow Facilityin Las...Marijuana Stocks NewsJun 1, 2017Omni Health Inc. (OMHE) AddsDr. Lawrence E. Samuels ToScientific Advisory...Focus ListMay 9, 2017It’s A Done Deal! VNNYF toAcquire Cannabis BiopharmaTech Company! What...Focus ListMay 9, 2017Breaking News | Vinergy Resources(VNNYF) Signs Definitive Agreementto Acquire MJ...Marijuana Stocks NewsApr 27, 2017$HEMP Update and 25 Facts YouMay Not Know About the Marijuana...Marijuana Stocks NewsApr 18, 2017$VPRB LP Announces 2016 FourthQuarter and Full Year ResultsMarijuana Stocks NewsApr 17, 2017$VPRB Annual Financial Statement– 10K FilingMarijuana Stocks NewsMar 29, 2017Colorado Preparing To DodgeThe Federal Marijuana Crackdown 



 Lexaria Bioscience Corp. (LXRP) Announces Publication Highlighting the Operations of Several Public Cannabis-Biotech Companies

Jul 28, 2017 0 212 
 
 


 InMed Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (IMLFF) Announces Publication in European Journal of Pain

Jul 27, 2017 0 665 
 
 



 Zoned Properties, Inc. (ZDPY) Schedules Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Call for August 14, 2017

Jul 27, 2017 0 258 
 
 


 Endexx Corporation (EDXC) to Showcase Phyto-Bites at the 4th Annual SuperZoo Show 2017 in Las Vegas

Jul 25, 2017 0 412 
 
 



 PotNetwork Holding, Inc. (POTN) Diamond CBD Takes in over $300,000 in Sales at CHAMPS Summer Show

Jul 25, 2017 0 1110 
 
 


 mCig, Inc. (MCIG) Aggressively Seeks Acquisition of Medical and Recreational Marijuana License

Jul 25, 2017 0 1329 
 
 



 Tetra Bio-Pharma Inc. (TBPMF) Accelerates Growth Strategy with Appointment of Bernard Fortier as CEO

Jul 24, 2017 0 1043 
 
 


 MassRoots, Inc. (MSRT) Announces Closing of $1.2 Million Equity Financing

Jul 24, 2017 0 533 
 
 



 Lexaria Bioscience Corp. (LXRP) Commence Laboratory Work

Jul 20, 2017 0 522 
 
 


 PotNetwork Holding, Inc. (POTN) Enters Partnership with Lawrence Taylor, Legendary NFL Football Star

Jul 20, 2017 0 1731 
 
 
123...312Next Page 1 of 312 

Social31619followers48260likes5532posts⇩ MARIJUANA STOCKS NEWS & ALERTS | Free Newsletter 





Privacy Policy
 



 



 

























 








                                © Copyright 2017 - MarijuanaStocks.com                            

About Marijuana Stocks
Disclaimer / Privacy policy / Terms of Use
Advertising
Contact us
 
















 








Subscribe Now & Begin Receiving Marijuana Stocks News, Articles, Trade Alerts & MORE, all 100% FREE! 

We are your #1 source for all things Marijuana Stocks, Subscribe Below!
  







Subscribe Now!



Privacy Policy: We will NEVER share, sell, barter, etc. any of our subscribers information for any reason ever! By subscribing you agree we can send you via email our free e-newsletter on marijuana stocks related, articles, news and trade alerts. Further questions please contact privacy@marijuanastocks.com Close this window 

 




































Ad Placements










 

Stony Hill Corp. (OTCMKTS:STNY) Files An 8-K Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets - Market Exclusive

































                          Sign in Join Home  About Us  Privacy Policy  Disclaimer     Advertise On Market Exclusive About Marketexclusive.com Contributors Sitemap Submit a Scoop! Contact Us Become a Contributor!   Stock Market News Stocks  Analyst Ratings Insider Trading SEC Filings Earnings   Biotech Stocks Small Caps     Sign in  Welcome!Log into your accountyour usernameyour password
Forgot your password?   Sign up Welcome!Register for an account your emailyour username
A password will be e-mailed to you.   Password recovery Recover your passwordyour email     Search 
      Sign in / JoinMy Account orders                         Sign inWelcome! Log into your accountyour usernameyour password
Forgot your password? Get helpCreate an account Create an accountWelcome! Register for an accountyour emailyour username
A password will be e-mailed to you. Password recoveryRecover your passwordyour email
A password will be e-mailed to you.     Market Exclusive              Home  About Us  Privacy Policy  Disclaimer     Advertise On Market Exclusive About Marketexclusive.com Contributors Sitemap Submit a Scoop! Contact Us Become a Contributor!   Stock Market News Stocks  Analyst Ratings Insider Trading SEC Filings Earnings   Biotech Stocks Small Caps           

  Home  SEC Filings  Stony Hill Corp. (OTCMKTS:STNY) Files An 8-K Completion of Acquisition or Disposition...     SEC Filings  Stony Hill Corp. (OTCMKTS:STNY) Files An 8-K Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets  ByME Staff 8-k -February 27, 2017 98  Share on Facebook
Tweet on Twitter


 Stony Hill Corp. (OTCMKTS:STNY) Files An 8-K Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets

Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets


On February 23, 2017, Stony Hill Corp., a Nevada corporation (the
Company), entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement (the Asset
Purchase Agreement) with mCig, Inc., a Nevada corporation (mCig).
to the terms and conditions of the Asset Purchase Agreement, the
Company acquired 80% of those certain assets that comprise the
VitaCBD business (the Assets) from mCig, and an option (the
Option) to acquire the remaining 20% of assets related to the
Assets for a purchase price of $200,000. The VitaCBD business is
primarily a line of cannabidiol (CBD) retail products available
for purchase at vitacbd.com, which products include CBD
tinctures, ejuices, edibles, islates, salves, waxes, oils and
capsules, as well as related trade names, social media, accounts
and other related assets. Information on the vitacbd.com website
is not part of the disclosure on this Current Report on Form 8-K.


The purchase price the Company paid for the Assets was $150,000
and 200,000 shares of the common stock of the Company.
Additionally, on May 24, 2017, the Company is obligated issue
(the Second Stock Issuance) to mCig either (i)150,000 shares of
the Companys common stock or (ii) that number of shares of common
stock of the Company valued at $300,000, whichever has a lesser
Market Value, defined as average of the closing prices for the
common stock of the Company on any quotation tier of the OTC
Markets, as reported by the OTC Markets, for the 90 trading days
subsequent to February 23, 2017. If the market value of the
Second Issuance on the anniversary date of such issuance is
greater than $300,000, the additional value shall be offset
against of the purchase price of the Option to purchase the
remaining 20% of assets related to the Assets. The 200,000 shares
of the common stock of the Company issued to mCig is equal to
approximately 1.34% of the issued and outstanding shares of
common stock of the Company.


If the average during any 7-day period during the first year
following the Second Stock Issuance, the Market Value of the
share of common stock of the Company owned by mCig is less than
$550,000 (which amount represents the minimum target Market Value
of the shares of common stock of the Company held by mCig
immediately following the issuance of shares of common stock of
the Company), then the Company is obligated to issue to mCig that
additional number of common stock of the Company, on the one year
anniversary date, to increase the Market Value of the total
outstanding shares of common stock of the Company held by mCig to
$550,000, without the payment of any additional consideration.


In connection with the Asset Purchase Agreement, the Company also
entered into a Lock-up Agreement dated February 23, 2017, with
mCig, to which mCig agreed to not resell any shares of common
stock it received in connection with the Asset Purchase Agreement
for a period of one year.


In connection with the Asset Purchase Agreement, the shares
issued under the Second Stock Issuance are subject to a Security
and Pledge Agreement, to which mCig pledged and granted a
security interest in the shares issued under the Second Stock
Issuance to the Company to cover claims by the Company against
mCig that may arise under the terms and conditions of the Asset
Purchase Agreement in the 90 days following the closing of the
Asset Purchase Agreement.


Item 3.02 Unregistered Sales of Equity
Securities.


The information under Item 2.01 of the Current Report on Form 8-K
is incorporated herein by reference. The Company relied on the
exemption from registration afforded by Section 4(a)(2) of the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended, for the offer and sale of
200,000 shares of common stock of the Company to mCig, where
there was a private offer and sale, not involving any public
offering, to one person, who had access to registration-type
information about the Company.
















Item 7.01Regulation FD
Disclosure.


On February 27, 2017, the Company issued a press regarding its
acquisition of the Assets. A copy of the press release is
attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form
8-K and is incorporated herein by reference.


The information contained in this Item 7.01 referenced herein is
being furnished and shall not be deemed filed for purposes of
Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or
incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended, unless we expressly incorporate such
information by reference.


Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits


(d) Exhibits:





Exhibit




Description









10.1




Asset Purchase Agreement, dated February 23, 2017, by and
between Stony Hill Corp., a Nevada corporation, and mCig,
Inc., a Nevada corporation.






10.2




Bill of Sale, Assignment and Assumption, dated February 23,
2017, by and between Stony Hill Corp., a Nevada
corporation, and mCig, Inc., a Nevada corporation.






10.3




Assignment of Intellectual Property, dated February 23,
2017, made by mCig, Inc., a Nevada corporation.






10.4




Lock-up Agreement, dated February 23, 2017, by and between
Stony Hill Corp., a Nevada corporation, and mCig, Inc., a
Nevada corporation.






10.5




Security and Pledge Agreement, dated February 23, 2017, by
and between Stony Hill Corp., a Nevada corporation, and
mCig, Inc., a Nevada corporation.






99.1




Press release dated February 27, 2017.



















 About Stony Hill Corp. (OTCMKTS:STNY) Stony Hill Corp., formerly First Fixtures, Inc., is organized to sell plumbing fixtures over the Internet. The Company is vertically integrated company focused on various areas of the cannabis industry. The Company is engaged in exploring involvement in the consumer, health and wellness, recreational, medical, media, nutraceutical and cosmeceutical parts of the industry. The Company sells products, including clothing, apparel, and other various branded products through its partners. Stony Hill Ventures is organized for various investments under the Stony Hill brand, as well as to conduct any other related business and activities. The Company intends to establish a medical cannabis platform and brand; create a platform to partner and invest in various segments in the medical marijuana industry, and establishes various strategic alliances. Stony Hill Corp. (OTCMKTS:STNY) Recent Trading Information Stony Hill Corp. (OTCMKTS:STNY) closed its last trading session down -0.40 at 2.45 with 2,500 shares trading hands.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.An ad to help with our costs

RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR      COHBAR, INC. (OTCMKTS:CWBR) Files An 8-K Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement    Heatwurx, Inc. (OTCMKTS:HUWX) Files An 8-K Regulation FD Disclosure    BIOANALYTICAL SYSTEMS, INC. (NASDAQ:BASI) Files An 8-K Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain...     PLANTRONICS, INC. (NYSE:PLT) Files An 8-K Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers    CU BANCORP (NASDAQ:CUNB) Files An 8-K Results of Operations and Financial Condition    EQUITY LIFESTYLE PROPERTIES, INC. (NYSE:ELS) Files An 8-K Results of Operations and Financial Condition  Subscribe to our Newsletter

Email *











First nameLast nameEmail



A word from the sponsor      Latest Articles
 PINGTAN MARINE ENTERPRISE LTD. (NASDAQ:PME) Files An 8-K Results of Operations and Financial Condition 
 RAYONIER ADVANCED MATERIALS INC. (NYSE:RYAM) Files An 8-K Financial Statements and Exhibits 
 ARMSTRONG WORLD INDUSTRIES, INC. (NYSE:AWI) Files An 8-K Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders 

  Recent Posts 
 EU Pushes Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd (ADR) ADR (NYSE:TEVA) Over Pay-For-Delay Drug Dealing 
 COHBAR, INC. (OTCMKTS:CWBR) Files An 8-K Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement 
 Heatwurx, Inc. (OTCMKTS:HUWX) Files An 8-K Regulation FD Disclosure 
 Analyst Activity – DZ Bank AG Reiterates Neutral on Zalando Se (NASDAQ:ZLDSF) 
 Analyst Upgrades – Xilinx (NASDAQ:XLNX) Stock Gets Upgraded By Barclays PLC from Underweight to Equal Weight 

 Sponsored      EDITOR PICKS    Here’s What Just Happened With Puma Biotechnology, Inc. (NASDAQ:PBYI) and CymaBay...  July 18, 2017   Biotech Movers: Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ) and Pfizer Inc. (NYSE:PFE)  July 17, 2017   Biotech Movers: TESARO Inc (NASDAQ:TSRO) and Mylan N.V. (NASDAQ:MYL)  July 14, 2017 POPULAR POSTS    This Small Nasdaq Hidden Gem May Have a $2.8B Drug  July 16, 2017   Weekly Biotech Report covering – Opko Health Inc (NYSE:OPK) Intercept...  April 11, 2016   Facebook Inc – (NASDAQ:FB) Might Be Moving Away From Its...  April 8, 2016 POPULAR CATEGORYSEC Filings37726LSE1947Stocks1361Tech News1248Biotech Stocks1170Stock Market News1117Small Caps710Canada470Press Releases453   ABOUT USMarket Exclusive offers the latest financial news and analysis for selected US stocks and securities. We are an investor driven research platform where new investment ideas from a exclusively selected group of seasoned investment analysts and qualified members from various disciplines are able to deliver their investment thesis’ across various industries and sectors. Our burgeoning team is comprised of individuals with strong backgrounds from various disciplines and businesses. Our goal is to provide an exclusive forum for contributors and users to leverage the knowledge base in order to make smarter investing decisions.
At Market Exclusive, we believe that quality information from experienced well seasoned contributors provide our members with an edge that allows them to make wise investment choices.
Market Exclusive is not a registered investment broker/dealer. The content on this site is for informational purposes only. Additionally, the content on this site does not represent the views of Market Exclusive and is solely a representation of the authors who publish them. Before investing in any security you should do your own due diligence and consult with a registered broker or financial advisor.Contact us: [email protected]FOLLOW US


















    SEC Filings Stocks Stock Market News Tech News Biotech Stocks Featured Small Caps gold Other News Oil Become a Contributor! About Marketexclusive.com Contributors Advertise On Market Exclusive Contact Us   © Market Exclusive 2015

 






























 

$MCIG Sells Stony Hill Corp 80% Stake in VitaCBD - News of Marijuana














































































Featured
Reviews
Marijuana Accessories
Marijuana Recipes/Edibles
Marijuana Legislation
Marijuana Stock

Acology Inc.
Aphria
Pharmacyte Biotech


 


 








Search















News of Marijuana












Featured
Reviews
Marijuana Accessories
Marijuana Recipes/Edibles
Marijuana Legislation
Marijuana Stock

Acology Inc.
Aphria
Pharmacyte Biotech

























 






 












$MCIG Sells Stony Hill Corp 80% Stake in VitaCBD

By Marijuana Stocks -   February 27, 2017 




Share on Facebook
Tweet on Twitter









MCIG Sells Stony Hill Corp. an 80% Stake in its VitaCBD Brand
HENDERSON, NV / ACCESSWIRE / February 27, 2017 / mCig, Inc. (MCIG), a diversified company focused on the cannabis industry, announced today that it has entered into an asset purchase agreement with Stony Hill Corp. (STNY) for the purpose of pursuing mutually beneficial business opportunities in the Cannabidiol (CBD) Industry. Under terms of the agreement, MCIG will sell the VitaCBD brand to STNY, in exchange for total consideration of $850,000 in cash and common stock, and a 20% stake in VitaCBD, LLC, a subsidiary of STNY.
Paul Rosenberg, President and CEO of MCIG, commented, “MCIG has worked diligently to build the VitaCBD product line, but recognizes the need for a strategic partner to assist in branding and marketing of the product. After months of discussions and negotiations, we believe we have found that partner with Stony Hill. We are very bullish on the future revenue potential of VitaCBD and its ability to create value for our company and its shareholders.”
VitaCBD is a highly dedicated group devoted to engineering the purest hemp derived products available. Both hemp and marijuana contain dozens of cannabinoids, naturally occurring chemical compounds, but it is cannabidiol (CBD), in particular, that offers the potential for health and therapeutic benefits without the high. Hemp plants typically contain elevated levels of health-enhancing CBD, but by definition contain only trace levels of THC. This makes the hemp plant attractive to those seeking its potential health benefits as part of an antioxidant-rich lifestyle.
Chris Bridges, President of STNY, stated, “This transaction will expand Stony Hill’s platform of products and accelerate its growth strategy in the industry. Stony Hill and mCig will have a synergistic relationship, combining management and personnel with a dedicated focus on the promotion and deployment of the VitaCBD brand. We are excited to have mCig as a strategic partner and a shareholder in Stony Hill.”
About mCig, Inc.
Headquartered in Henderson, Nevada, mCig Inc. (MCIG) is a diversified company servicing the legal cannabis, hemp and CBD markets via its lifestyle brands. MCIG has transitioned from a vaporizer manufacturer to an industry leading, large scale, full service cannabis cultivation construction company, with its Grow Contractors division currently operating in the rapidly expanding Nevada market. The company looks forward to growing its core competencies to service the Ancillary legal Cannabis, Hemp, and CBD markets, with broader expansion to take place once federal laws change. For more information, visit www.mcig.org.
Safe Harbor Statement
Any statements contained in this press release that do not describe historical facts may constitute forward-looking statements as that term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Any forward-looking statements contained herein are based on current expectations, but are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. The factors that could cause actual future results to differ materially from current expectations include, but are not limited to, risks and uncertainties relating to the Company’s ability to develop, market and sell products based on its technology; the expected benefits and efficacy of the Company’s products and technology; the availability of substantial additional funding for the Company to continue its operations and to conduct research and development, and future product commercialization; and the Company’s business, research, product development, regulatory approval, marketing, and distribution plans and strategies.
Contact:
CEO of mCig, Inc.Paul Rosenbergpaul@mcig.org


The post $MCIG Sells Stony Hill Corp 80% Stake in VitaCBD appeared first on Marijuana Stocks | Cannabis Investments and News. Roots of a Budding Industry.™.
Original Article


 
RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR




 

This Is What Happens When You Mix Cannabis With Caffeine 

 



 

Shameless GOP Decision Denies Veterans Access To Medical Cannabis 

 



 

Check Out The Trailer For New “Public Enemies: Jay-Z VS. Kanye West” Documentary 

  








Categories 
Acology Inc.

Aphria

Aurora Cannabis

Featured

Insys Therapeutics

Marijuana Accessories

Marijuana Legislation

Marijuana Recipes/Edibles

Marijuana Stock

Pharmacyte Biotech

Reviews

Uncategorized


  Recent Posts 

This Is What Happens When You Mix Cannabis With Caffeine


Shameless GOP Decision Denies Veterans Access To Medical Cannabis


New “Public Enemies: Jay-Z VS. Kanye West” Documentary Reveals Feud


Check Out The Trailer For New “Public Enemies: Jay-Z VS. Kanye West” Documentary


Nike Just Dropped A New Version Of Their Dope FlyKnit Trainer


 

 
 
 







Featured
Reviews
Marijuana Accessories
Marijuana Recipes/Edibles
Marijuana Legislation
Marijuana Stock

Acology Inc.
Aphria
Pharmacyte Biotech


 

                    ©                 









Stony Hill Purchases 80% Stake in VitaCBDHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets closedS&P 5002,472.10-3.32 (-0.13%)Dow 3021,830.31+33.76 (+0.15%)Nasdaq6,374.68-7.51 (-0.12%)Stony Hill Purchases 80% Stake in VitaCBDAccesswireFebruary 27, 2017ReblogShareTweetShareLOS ANGELES, CA / ACCESSWIRE / February 27, 2017 / Stony Hill Corp. (STNY), a diversified company focused on the cannabis industry, announced today that it has entered into an asset purchase agreement with mCig., Inc. (MCIG). The parties have entered into an asset purchase agreement for the purpose of pursuing mutually beneficial business opportunities in the Cannabidiol (CBD) Industry.Under the terms of the agreement, mCig, Inc. will sell the VitaCBD brand to Stony Hill Corp., in exchange for total consideration of $850,000 in cash and common stock, and a 20% stake in VitaCBD, LLC, a subsidiary of STNY.Paul Rosenberg, President and CEO of MCIG, commented, "MCIG has worked diligently to build the VitaCBD product line, but recognizes the need for a strategic partner to assist in branding and marketing of the product line. After months of discussions and negotiations, we believe we have found that partner with Stony Hill. We are very bullish on the future revenue potential of VitaCBD and its ability to create value for our company and its shareholders."VitaCBD is a highly dedicated group devoted to engineering the purest hemp derived products available. Both hemp and cannabis contain dozens of cannabinoids, naturally occurring chemical compounds, but it is cannabidiol (CBD), in particular that offers the potential for health and therapeutic benefits without the high. Hemp plants typically contain elevated levels of health-enhancing CBD, but by definition contain only trace levels of THC. This makes the hemp plant attractive to those seeking its potential health benefits as part of an antioxidant-rich lifestyle.Chris Bridges, President of Stony Hill, stated, "This transaction will expand the Stony Hill platform of products and accelerate its growth strategy in the industry. Stony Hill and mCig will have a synergistic relationship, combining management and personnel with a dedicated focus on the promotion and deployment of the VitaCBD brand. We are excited to have mCig as a strategic partner and a shareholder in Stony Hill."About Stony Hill Corp.Stony Hill Corp. (www.stonyhillcorp.com) is a diversified company focused on multiples areas of the cannabis, hemp, and CBD industry. The Company is focused on select investment, branding, real estate, and partnership opportunities in the recreational, health and wellness, nutraceutical, and media industries.Stony Hill has several strategic partnerships currently in place and is actively pursuing additional partnerships and other strategic growth opportunities.ContactEmail: ir@stonyhillcorp.com or info@stonyhillcorp.com To be added to the Stony Hill email distribution list, please email info@stonyhillcorp.com with STNY in the subject line.Follow us on:Facebook @stonyhillofficial Instagram @stonyhillofficial Twitter @stonyhillnewsAbout the OTCQB Marketplace: About the OTCQB Marketplace: The OTCQB is a venture stage marketplace for early stage and developing U.S. and international companies. Companies listed on the OTCQB must be current in their reporting and undergo an annual verification and management certification process.Safe Harbor StatementForward-Looking Statements Except for historical information contained herein, the statements in this release are forward-looking and made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are inherently unreliable and actual results may differ materially. Factors which could cause actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements include such factors as the development and protection of our brands and other intellectual property, the need to raise capital to meet business requirements, significant fluctuations in marketing expenses and ability to achieve and expand significant levels of revenues, or recognize net income, from the sale of its products and services, as well as the introduction of competing products, or management's ability to attract and maintain qualified personnel necessary for the development and commercialization of its planned products, and other information that may be detailed from time to time in the Company's filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.Read MoreSOURCE: Stony Hill Corp.ReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextTrump names John Kelly new chief of staff; Reince Priebus outCNBCEngineer Finds Pattern; Makes Millions in StocksMoney MorningSponsoredThe 'two pizza rule' is a secret to productive meetings that helped Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos become one of the world's richest menBusiness InsiderNorth Korea 2nd ICBM test puts much of US in range: expertsAssociated PressChevron and Exxon Mobil have a tough path ahead: NYSE traderYahoo Finance VideoThis Will Be In Everyone's Household By 2020Banyan HillSponsoredStocks mixed after heavy earnings weekThe real reason overseas manufacturing is coming to AmericaYahoo FinanceTax cuts just got more likelyYahoo FinanceDiscover it: 4.8 out of 5 avg. by 24K+ customersDiscover CardSponsoredAPNewsBreak: Yellowstone to punish workers for misconductAssociated PressMy bullish view on stocks hasn't changed one iota: NYSE traderYahoo Finance VideoBlue Apron: Bullish calls not all they're cooked up to beYahoo Finance3 Must-Own Stocks in 2017Banyan HillSponsoredSean Hannity responds to claim he ran up a $42,000 tab at Trump's hotel after flying in a 70-year-old lobster from MaineBusiness InsiderJohn McCain: Here's why I voted no and killed the 'skinny repeal'Business InsiderDonald Trump Tweet-Rages After John McCain Kills Obamacare Skinny RepealStan: Let trump rage.  McCain you did the right thing.Join the Conversation1 / 51.3k








