

Stonestep SA: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 5:56 PM ET
Internet Software and Services

Company Overview of Stonestep SA



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Stonestep SA develops Microinsurance as a Service, a platform that enables mobile network operators, retailers, and other corporations to diversify their services, and offers risk products to address the needs of insurance customers worldwide. The company was founded in 2012 and is based in Zug, Switzerland with operations worldwide.


Aabachstrasse 5Zug,  6301SwitzerlandFounded in 2012



Phone: 41 728 55 60

Fax: 41 728 55 69

www.stonestep.ch







Key Executives for Stonestep SA


Stonestep SA does not have any Key Executives recorded. 





Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 123 work Europe 3BaysOver SA Europe 4uGroup AG Europe Ads-Click SA Europe adtarget GmbH Europe




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Private Placement

			      December 15, 2016
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Stonestep SA, please visit www.stonestep.ch.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close















































 



 Stonestep Raises $4M From XL Innovate to Deliver ’Microinsurance as a Service’ 
         










    










 













 











 



















Stonestep Raises $4M From XL Innovate to Deliver 'Microinsurance as a Service'
        																																						
              

          Company to begin providing insurance products to the world's emerging consumers, beginning with Myanmar in Q1 2017
        











 News provided by
XL Innovate  
Dec 15, 2016, 11:00 ET









 Share this article




























































ZUG, Switzerland, Dec. 15, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Today, Stonestep, the pioneering company offering Microinsurance as a Service, announced it has secured $4M in Series A funding from XL Innovate, a leading insurtech venture fund. This financing allows Stonestep to establish its footprint in Asia, beginning in Myanmar, and gives the company access to the global skills and insurance capacity of XL Catlin. As part of the round, Sarah Street, a director at XL Innovate, will join Stonestep's board of directors. 








Insurance today is optimized for households with tens or hundreds of thousands of dollars in assets. Yet, in many emerging markets, household assets often add up to less than $5,000. For these households, smartphones, appliances, basic legal assistance, and medical care represent steps to a better life -- yet in most cases, households have no safety net in case of loss. Insuring such events, economically and practically, requires a completely new approach. 
Stonestep streamlines the insurance value chain – from policy underwriting to distribution to claims – in order to offer risk products, often for the very first time, at mass market prices. Stonestep partners with corporations such as mobile network operators, retailers, and financial service providers, which have an existing distribution presence. Working with these partners can substantially reduce infrastructure costs, and opens the door to insurance services that are accessible to even the most geographically remote or disadvantaged consumer. 
Stonestep's next generation insurance platform offers integrated sales and customer experience tools, allowing clients to more easily add insurance services alongside their usual product offerings, while promoting brand loyalty and generating additional revenues for their businesses. With tailor-made apps to help distribute policies and administer claims, there is no need for new operational structures on the part of companies, or new behaviors on the part of consumers. Furthermore, Stonestep's platform offers concrete services to resolve customer needs directly and quickly, reducing the frictional costs associated with traditional insurance. 
Stonestep's Founder and CEO, Brandon Mathews, is a published thought and business leader in emerging market insurance, and has built large businesses for AIG and Zurich in Latin American that continue to serve tens of millions of customers. Stonestep is now taking these proven insurance models to the next level through the use technologies such as smartphones, microfinance, and digital crypto-contracts. 
"For most people around the world, life is extremely risky: if people lose their home, they're not checking into a hotel. If they have an accident, there's no ambulance. Stonestep's unique insurance platform can cover such risks for emerging consumers, and XL Innovate's investment will help us implement this solution, beginning in Asia. Microinsurance as a Service is a sustainable business model that can catalyze economic growth for all levels of society," said Brandon Mathews, CEO of Stonestep. 
"Reducing vulnerability of emerging consumers is good not only for individuals and communities -- it's also good for companies which rely on emerging markets for growth," said Sarah Street, Director at XL Innovate. "Stonestep's team members are industry leaders who have pioneered some of the industry's most successful methods. We are excited to collaborate with them as they accelerate the growth of this business in Asia."
Stonestep is headquartered in Zug, Switzerland. To learn more about the company, visit www.stonestep.ch 
About Stonestep:Stonestep is a new property and casualty insurtech startup that is changing how insurance is delivered in emerging markets. With its revolutionary 'Microinsurance as a Service' platform, Stonestep enables mobile network operators, retailers and other corporations to easily diversify their services and generate additional revenue, by offering risk products designed to address the needs of first-generation insurance customers at an affordable price. 
About XL Innovate:XL Innovate is a venture capital fund focused on investing in companies that address the world's most complex risks with new technologies and products for the insurance industry.  Portfolio companies include Lemonade, Cape Analytics, Slice Labs, Embroker, Notion and New Energy Risk. XL Innovate provides companies with equity capital, unparalleled experience in building new ventures in this specific space, and access to XL Catlin's global insurance expertise and underwriting. To learn more, visit www.xlinnovate.com.
About XL Group plc:XL Group plc (NYSE:  XL), through its subsidiaries and under the XL Catlin brand, is a global insurance and reinsurance company providing property, casualty and specialty products to industrial, commercial and professional firms, insurance companies and other enterprises throughout the world. Clients look to XL Catlin for answers to their most complex risks and to help move their world forward. To learn more, visit www.xlcatlin.com.
 
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/stonestep-raises-4m-from-xl-innovate-to-deliver-microinsurance-as-a-service-300379023.html
SOURCE XL Innovate
 Related Links

http://www.xlinnovate.com
http://www.stonestep.ch



 






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





 You just read:
Stonestep Raises $4M From XL Innovate to Deliver 'Microinsurance as a Service'


 News provided by
XL Innovate  
Dec 15, 2016, 11:00 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











StoneStep SA: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























stonestep sa
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Insurance
Sub-Industry: Insurance Services & Other





Corporate Information
Address:



Phone:
-


Fax:
-























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data




































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Startup.ch: Stonestep AG

























 
 



x




 
















IFJ






































Request username & password
Login














































Stonestep AG
Company founded: October 2012


Microinsurance as a service


Stonestep brings decades of mass- and micro-insurance capability in front- and back-office technology to bring "Microinsurance as a Service" to its global partners. Stonestep is a Swiss-based insurtech firm that is changing how insurance is delivered in emerging markets. It enables mobile network operators, retailers and other corporations to easily diversify their services and generate additional revenue, by offering risk products designed to address the needs of first-generation insurance customers at an affordable price. Headquartered in Switzerland, they are now expanding to Singapore, the Philippines and Myanmar. 















Stonestep AG
Brandon Mathews
Hofstrasse 1A
		6300 Zug
http://www.stonestep.ch




Fintech
Internet






Contact









Sharing
















Share this profile with others





Use copy and paste to get the profile link:

Use copy and paste to get the HTML-Code:
































PARTNERS














































