










 













 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version

















Stone-Goff Partners II » 

























































































































Stone-Goff Partners, LP., New York, NY is a private equity investment firm that acquires and builds companies in the lower middle market.  Target investments are companies with EBITDA of $2 million to $20 million in industries including consumer, leisure, information, service, media and retail.  Northwood has invested with the founders in the past, and served as an anchor investor in their new fund in 2015.  We are excited about co-investment opportunities through this new partnership.

 

 View Website		



Back










© 2017  Northwood Ventures. All rights reserved.
			

Top




























Stone-Goff Partners invests in The Channel Company - PE Hub


























































SUBSCRIBE TO PE HUB WIRE
Join over 60,000 of your peers
Get the must-read email for PE/VC professionals delivered to your inbox daily
        — for free!







US Edition (daily)



Canada Edition (weekly)


We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties.


I accept the Terms and Conditions




SUBSCRIBE YES! No






RegisterSign in



A Community for Professionals in Private Capital



































Stone-Goff Partners invests in The Channel Company


December 7, 2016
By Luisa Beltran
 Follow @LuisaRBeltran


Print
Email





Share via email


Separate multiple email addresses with commas

Share
Send me a copy



Email preview

To: 
From: 
Subject: Look at this story on PE HUB
Stone-Goff Partners invests in The Channel Company
Stone-Goff Partners said Dec. 7 that it has invested in The Channel Company. Financial terms weren’t announced. The Channel Company, of Boston, is a B2B marketing platform that helps technology companies target and reach their channel partners. CHILDS Advisory Partners served as financial advisor to The Channel Company. Citizens Bank NA provided senior debt financing and Northstar Capital provided mezzanine financing and equity co-investment.
Continue reading on PE HUB
 writes: 



















Stone-Goff Partners said Dec. 7 that it has invested in The Channel Company. Financial terms weren’t announced. The Channel Company, of Boston, is a B2B marketing platform that helps technology companies target and reach their channel partners. CHILDS Advisory Partners served as financial advisor to The Channel Company. Citizens Bank NA provided senior debt financing and Northstar Capital provided mezzanine financing and equity co-investment.
PRESS RELEASE
New York, NY (December 7, 2016) – Stone-Goff Partners (SGP) announced today that it has invested in The Channel Company (TCC), the leading provider of IT channel-related media, events and other marketing solutions to the IT Channel. The investment will support several new initiatives in terms of growth in research, data, managed marketing services as well as opportunistic acquisitions of competitively-positioned industry participants.
Founded in 1982, Boston-based TCC is an IT channel-focused B2B marketing platform enabling technology companies to target and reach their channel partners. The company’s deep management team currently leads more than 100 employees focused on servicing its blue-chip customer base of over 400 technology companies and channel partners. TCC leverages its primary media outlet, www.crn.com, and its proprietary database with the largest and most accurate set of data regarding channel relationships in North America, to provide comprehensive IT channel marketing services.
Today, IT industry executives estimate that 70%+ of all technology sold into the corporate enterprise market in the Americas is facilitated by an IT channel partner. Through its media offerings, live events, consulting, proprietary research and managed marketing services, TCC helps its customers optimize their channel marketing strategy and drive new revenue through the indirect sales channel.
“We are thrilled to have found what we believe is a great partner in Stone-Goff,” said TCC CEO Robert Faletra. “We are growing so fast we had the luxury of looking for a partner that not only understands the business, but is clear in understanding how we can accelerate the buildout of our offerings and delight our customers,” Faletra noted.
“We are excited to partner with Bob and his team to enhance TCC’s fast growing service offerings through leveraging the Company’s dominant brand and proprietary database,” said Hannah Stone Craven, co-founder of Stone-Goff Partners. “The company’s depth of talent and expertise within the IT channel and culture of growth underscores TCC’s continued potential.”
CHILDS Advisory Partners served as the exclusive financial advisor to The Channel Company in this transaction. Citizens Bank, N.A. provided senior debt financing and Northstar Capital provided mezzanine financing and equity co-investment.
About Stone-Goff
With offices in New York and Boston, Stone-Goff Partners is a private equity investment firm that invests in lower middle-market founder-owned businesses and corporate carve-outs in the consumer and services sectors. Founded in 2010 by Hannah Stone Craven and Laurens Goff, the firm leverages the extensive investment, strategic and operational experience of its principals to serve as a value-added partner for management teams, portfolio companies, and limited partners. Stone-Goff Partners is currently investing from Stone-Goff Partners II, LP. For more information, visit www.stonegoff.com.
 





Print
Email





Share via email


Separate multiple email addresses with commas

Share
Send me a copy



Email preview

To: 
From: 
Subject: Look at this story on PE HUB
Stone-Goff Partners invests in The Channel Company
Stone-Goff Partners said Dec. 7 that it has invested in The Channel Company. Financial terms weren’t announced. The Channel Company, of Boston, is a B2B marketing platform that helps technology companies target and reach their channel partners. CHILDS Advisory Partners served as financial advisor to The Channel Company. Citizens Bank NA provided senior debt financing and Northstar Capital provided mezzanine financing and equity co-investment.
Continue reading on PE HUB
 writes: 














 Do you want exclusive news and analysis about private equity deals, fundraising, top-quartile managers and more? Get your FREE trial to Buyouts! Or subscribe now!  









Sign up to our Newsletter

Receive updates from our PE HUB Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters:


First Name:



Last Name:



Email Address:




US Edition (daily)



Canada Edition (weekly)


We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties.


I accept the Terms and Conditions









You are now subscribed to the PEHub Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters. 




Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC produces several free newsletters that are sent directly to the email you provide at registration (namely, PE Hub Wire, PE Hub Canada Wire, PE Hub Wire Top Story of the Week, Buyouts Daily, and VCJ Alert). To enable us to keep providing these services free of charge, we reserve the right to contact you with special invitations to sample or purchase private equity-related products. 
By submitting this free subscription request for any of these products, you are also consenting to this communication. Should you ever wish to unsubscribe from a particular communication you may activate the unsubscribe mechanism at the bottom of the email. This will discontinue both the special invitations mentioned previously, as well as your subscription to the weekly newsletter. The information you provide will be safeguarded by Argosy Group LLC/Buyouts Insider. The company’s subsidiaries may use it to keep you informed of relevant products and services. We occasionally allow reputable companies outside of the company to mail details of products which may be of interest to you. As an international group, we may transfer your data on a global basis for the purposes indicated above. 
WE WILL NEVER SHARE YOUR EMAIL OR CONTACT DETAILS WITH ANY OUTSIDE COMPANY HOWEVER.

			    Should you have any questions please do not hesitate to contact us: [email protected].
	    	

 




Top Posts New oil and gas company Native racks up $140 mln
by Iris Dorbian

KKR to buy Nature’s Bounty from Carlyle
by Luisa Beltran

BlackRock leads funding round for fintech platform iCapital
by Iris Dorbian

Platinum Equity to buy United Site Services
by Luisa Beltran

The PE HUB Podcast, Episode Two
by Staff Report

Private Equity Jobs of the Week: Priceline, KPMG, NovaQuest are hiring
by Eamon Murphy

The carve-out curveball
by peHUBlogger Network

Raymond James expands team with new hire
by Iris Dorbian

 
































STONE-GOFF PARTNERS II GP, LP :: OpenCorporates








































We're hiring developers!
Apply here







The Open Database Of The Corporate World







Search




Companies



Officers

























Log in/Sign up












STONE-GOFF PARTNERS II GP, LP



Company Number 5830225
Incorporation Date 22 September 2015 (almost 2 years ago)
Company Type Limited Partnership
Jurisdiction Delaware (US)
Agent Name HARVARD BUSINESS SERVICES (NC), INC
Agent Address 16192 COASTAL HIGHWAY, LEWES, Sussex, DE, 19958
Directors / Officers HARVARD BUSINESS SERVICES (NC), INC, agent



Source Delaware Department of State: Division of Corporations, http://www.corp.delaware.gov/,  4 Aug 2016


Add data (website, address, etc)






Explore company network



Company network
Not yet available for this company.
Click to find out more



Corporate Grouping
User Contributed



None known.
Add one now?


See all corporate groupings


Similarly named companies


 branch STONE-GOFF PARTNERS II GP, LP (New York (US), 30 Oct 2015- )










Branches




alpha







 branch STONE-GOFF PARTNERS II GP, LP (New York (US), 30 Oct 2015- )

details











* While we strive to keep this information correct and up-to-date, it is not the primary source, and the company registry (see source, above) should always be referred to for definitive information


Data on this page last changed August 11 2016



Problem/question about this data?
Click here



 Open Data

Get this info as
json, xml, rdf











 



News | Stone-Goff Partners


























































News


December 7, 2016  |  Stone-Goff Partners Announces Investment in The Channel Company

Partnership With The Channel Company Will Accelerate Growth and New Initiatives
NEW YORK, NY – Stone-Goff Partners (SGP) announced today that it has invested in The Channel Company (TCC), the leading provider of IT channel-related media, events and other marketing solutions to the IT Channel. The investment will support several new initiatives in terms of growth in research, data, managed marketing services as well as opportunistic acquisitions of competitively-positioned industry participants.
Founded in 1982, Boston-based TCC is an IT channel-focused B2B marketing platform enabling technology companies to target and reach their channel partners. The company’s deep management team currently leads more than 100 employees focused on servicing its blue-chip customer base of over 400 technology companies and channel partners. TCC leverages its primary media outlet, www.crn.com, and its proprietary database with the largest and most accurate set of data regarding channel relationships in North America, to provide comprehensive IT channel marketing services.
Today, IT industry executives estimate that 70%+ of all technology sold into the corporate enterprise market in the Americas is facilitated by an IT channel partner. Through its media offerings, live events, consulting, proprietary research and managed marketing services, TCC helps its customers optimize their channel marketing strategy and drive new revenue through the indirect sales channel.
“We are thrilled to have found what we believe is a great partner in Stone-Goff,” said TCC CEO Robert Faletra. “We are growing so fast we had the luxury of looking for a partner that not only understands the business, but is clear in understanding how we can accelerate the buildout of our offerings and delight our customers,” Faletra noted.
“We are excited to partner with Bob and his team to enhance TCC’s fast growing service offerings through leveraging the Company’s dominant brand and proprietary database,” said Hannah Stone Craven, co-founder of Stone-Goff Partners.  “The company’s depth of talent and expertise within the IT channel and culture of growth underscores TCC’s continued potential.”
CHILDS Advisory Partners served as the exclusive financial advisor to The Channel Company in this transaction.  Citizens Bank, N.A. provided senior debt financing and Northstar Capital provided mezzanine financing and equity co-investment.



September 14, 2016  |  Stone-Goff Anounces the Sale of Learners Edge

Successful Exit Of Pioneering Provider Of Teacher Professional Development
NEW YORK – Stone-Goff Partners (SGP) announced today that it has sold Learners Edge to L
Squared Capital Partners, a private equity firm based in Newport Beach, CA specializing in education investments.
Based in Lakeville, Minn., Learners Edge is a leading direct-to-teacher provider of online professional development, continuing education and master’s degree programs for K-12 teachers. Founded in 2002 by two middle-school geography teachers, the company was established with the mission to help teachers advance their classroom skills and careers, while also improving student learning. Co-founders Joe Cotter and Kyle Pederson started with innovative distance-learning courses, enabling teachers to secure their education and training whenever and wherever they preferred. As the distancelearning model transitioned online, they invested heavily in an online platform that could deliver full course curriculum. Learners Edge is now the largest online direct-to-teacher continuing education provider in the U.S.
In 2013, Stone-Goff Partners invested alongside the company’s co-founders. With enhanced focus on reaching more teachers and developing proprietary online content, the business continued its rapid growth trajectory.
“The Learners Edge team – led by CEO Joe Cotter – developed a clear, mission-driven approach for the development and dissemination of continuing education for teachers. Our successful exit is a testament to the value created by the management team since our investment and demonstrates the company’s strength in helping on-the-ground teachers improve classroom instruction and student learning,” said Hannah Craven, co-founder of Stone-Goff Partners. “As the company’s first outside investor, we are honored to have been able to partner with Joe, Kyle, Julie Yaeger, Jenny Oelkers, Mark Hrubes and the entire Learners Edge team. We wish them and their new investment partners the very best as they continue to deliver high-value professional education to teachers around the country.”
George K. Baum Capital Advisors acted as exclusive financial advisor to Learners Edge in this transaction. Avante Mezzanine Partners provided debt and equity co-investment. Fredrikson and Byron P.A. served as legal counsel to Learners Edge.



October 27, 2015  |  Stone-Goff Partners Announces Closing of Stone-Goff Partners Fund II, LP

Fund focused on U.S. Lower Middle Market Buyouts - Founder-Owned Businesses and Corporate Carve-Outs
New York, NY – Stone-Goff Partners (“SGP”) announced the closing of Stone-Goff Partners Fund II, L.P., (“Fund II”) a private equity fund focused on investments in businesses within the consumer and services verticals. Fund II will continue its predecessor’s successful lower middlemarket private equity investment strategy, generally investing between $6 million and $20 million in equity per transaction.
Following the initial closing, SGP is pleased to be in a position to deploy capital in attractive new opportunities, explained co-founder and partner, Hannah Stone Craven. “We are thrilled to announce another milestone in the evolution of SGP and honored by the reception we have received from new and existing investors.” The closing includes anchor investor Carl Marks & Co. as well as other investment groups from the U.S. and around the globe.
Leveraging a network of industry operating advisors, the Stone-Goff investment team has extensive investment experience, working closely with the management teams of its portfolio companies to enhance value. Stone-Goff Partners was founded in 2010 by Hannah Stone Craven and Laurens Goff, who bring decades of combined experience as private equity investors and strategic partners to lower middle-market companies. Collectively, the founders have invested more than $200 million of capital into more than 30 companies in the lower middle market.
The firm recently announced its first Fund II investment, The Greene Turtle Sports Bar & Grille, a 41-unit, sports-themed casual dining restaurant chain based in Maryland with units stretching from Virginia to New York. “We continue to identify and invest in companies with a great track record of stable, profitable growth,” said co-founder and partner Laurens Goff, “and we look forward to announcing additional investments in the near term.”



October 21, 2015  |  Stone-Goff Partners Announces the Acquisition of the Greene Turtle Sports Bar & Grille

New York, NY – Stone-Goff Partners (“SGP”) announced today that it has acquired a controlling interest in The Greene Turtle Sports Bar & Grille, a family-friendly casual dining restaurant and dynamic sports bar with 41 company-owned and franchised locations across the Mid-Atlantic, Northeast and Appalachian regions of the United States. Terms were not announced.
Founded in 1976, “The Turtle” began as a Maryland institution and has since expanded to Delaware, Virginia, the District of Columbia, West Virginia and New York’s Long Island.  The Greene Turtle currently has signed development agreements for franchise expansion in Pennsylvania, New Jersey, New York, Virginia and Maryland. Stone-Goff has partnered with the management team, including CEO/President Bob Barry, to accelerate the growth of the business. In 2015, The Greene Turtle has already opened four new locations; two additional locations are expected to open during the remainder of 2015.
“The Greene Turtle is a tremendous brand that represents great food in a sports-themed atmosphere,” said Laurens Goff of Stone-Goff Partners. “We are thrilled to partner with Bob Barry, his team, and Greene Turtle’s fantastic group of franchise partners to continue the chain’s growth throughout the Eastern United States.”
The Greene Turtle has more than doubled in size over the past several years and has signed several multi-unit development deals for new and existing markets. Barry said the support of its new owners will serve to further invigorate the chain’s operations and expansion efforts.
“This is both a great opportunity for us and a strong testimony to the incredible potential and increasing value of our organization,” he said. “Stone-Goff and its principals have worked closely with us in recent months to gain an understanding and appreciation of what makes The Greene Turtle so special. We look forward to continuing our growth and evolution under their ownership.
Raymond James & Associates advised the sellers on the transaction. Arrowpoint Partners provided financing to SGP.



February 2, 2015  |  Stone-Goff Partners Announces the Sale of Thymes

New York, NY – Stone-Goff Partners announced today that it has sold its equity stake in Thymes, a leading bath, body and home fragrance brand, to a private equity consortium which included consumer-focused private equity firm Castanea Partners.
Originally founded in 1982 and headquartered in Minneapolis, Minnesota, Thymes creates highly curated fragrance collections with product lines that include body and hand lotions, bar soaps and bubble baths, candles, fragrance mists, potpourris, reed diffusers, and refresher oils. Thymes is seen as a premium and innovative brand that has a unique consumer appeal. The company is also home to one of the most recognizable and proven home fragrances, Frasier Fir. Thymes products are sold in over 5,000 specialty retail locations in the United States. Thymes is led by CEO Anne Sempowski Ward.
"To be associated with such a powerful brand was a privilege,” said Laurens Goff of Stone-Goff Partners. “We will truly miss working with Anne and her team and we are confident they will continue to grow and thrive with their extraordinary new partners."
"It has been a pleasure working with Stone-Goff in growing Thymes,” said Anne Sempowski Ward. “Their experience in supporting and building middle market companies has been essential to our success. We are well positioned for the future thanks to their early commitment and belief in the Thymes brand."
Terms of the transaction were not disclosed.



October 23, 2013  |  Stone-Goff Partners Announces Investment in Learner's Edge

New York, NY – Stone-Goff Partners announced today that it has made an investment in Learner's Edge, a leading provider of continuing education courses and degree programs to K-12 teachers.
Based in Minneapolis, MN, Learner's Edge was founded in 2002 by two middle-school teachers, Joe Cotter and Kyle Pederson, who were convinced that there was a better way to provide continuing education courses that would lead to improved classroom instruction and student learning. Joe Cotter, CEO of Learner's Edge, continues to lead the company and shape its next stage of growth.
Since that time, Learner's Edge has helped tens of thousands of teachers grow their knowledge base, enhance their classroom instruction techniques, and increase student achievement by providing high quality, classroom-applicable professional development. Learner's Edge helps teachers by providing high-quality content and degree-eligible credits at an affordable price available online, anytime. Learner's Edge partners with academic partners such as Augustana College, Colorado State University-Pueblo, North Dakota State University, Marygrove College, Pacific-Lutheran University and Lourdes University to provide degree-eligible credits to teachers. In addition, Learner's Edge has partnered with Augustana College to provide a fully online masters of education degree program. Learner's Edge currently offers 80 relevant courses through its continuing education and affiliated masters programs.



January 6, 2012  |  Stone-Goff Partners Acquires NAS Recruitment Communications from Interpublic Group

New York, NY – Stone-Goff Partners announced today that is has acquired NAS Recruitment Communications from Interpublic Group. The transaction was completed in partnership with NAS' senior management team.
Based in Cleveland, Ohio, NAS is a leading marketing services agency specializing in media buying, human resources marketing and communications, and employment branding. NAS serves over 2,000 clients out of its 19 sales offices and Cleveland headquarters, including brands such as Toyota, Hyatt, US Cellular, Supervalu, Wendy's, Providence Healthcare, and the Children's Hospital Boston. Drawing on an understanding of relevant media channels, NAS designs successful engagement strategies for its clients' hiring needs.
As media channels proliferate, NAS helps employers address an increasingly complex landscape for locating, attracting, and developing talent, said Hannah Stone Craven, Partner at Stone-Goff Partners. NAS' longstanding client relationships and the team's ability to help their clients navigate a complex media and recruiting environment provide a meaningful opportunity to accelerate growth."
NAS Chairman Jim Miller noted, "With the ownership and strategic direction of our agency now in the hands of management and private equity partners, we will be even better positioned in the marketplace. Interpublic has been a great owner and partner over the last decade, however, under this new structure, NAS will be more nimble and better able to adapt to a constantly evolving set of dynamics in our space."
Laurens Goff, Partner of Stone-Goff added, "The opportunity to acquire NAS is an excellent match for Stone-Goff's strategy of investing in strong niche businesses with established track records and experienced management teams. We believe the opportunity to work with this team on new product development and strategic initiatives will deliver significant growth and value-creation."
CEO James Miller and Senior Vice Presidents Patty Van Leer and Matthew Adams, along with other key management members, will remain with the company in their current roles. Senior debt financing for the transaction was provided by First National Bank of Pennsylvania. MESA (Media and Entertainment Strategy Advisors) advised the seller. 
This transaction represents the third portfolio acquisition for Stone-Goff Partners.



October 1, 2010  |  Stone-Goff Announces Formation of New Partnership

Investment focus to include consumer, services, leisure, media, information and retail businesses
New York, NY – The principals of Stone-Goff Partners, LLC, Hannah Stone Craven and Laurens Goff are pleased to announce the formation of a new private equity partnership – Stone-Goff Partners LLC. This partnership represents the combination of two predecessor partnerships – Ayr Capital Management and Goff Management.
Stone-Goff Partners LLC will continue its mission of making investments in lower middle market companies ($2-$20 million in EBITDA). The partnership is backed by equity sources including family offices, financial institutions, and high net worth individuals.
Stone-Goff's principals both have deep backgrounds in private equity. Craven was most recently a partner with Sandler Capital Management, a private equity firm specializing in media/information investing that managed funds in excess of $1.5 billion. Goff was formerly a principal at Hampshire Equity Partners where he focused on investments in the consumer, retail and services sector.
For more information, visit www.stonegoff.com








 

Stone-goff Partners Ii Lp - Funding history, company info, news ...































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/companies/210821-stone-goff-partners-ii-lpsection=companies&subsection=detail&id=210821  




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


Stone-goff Partners Ii LpCompany DetailsGet alertedif Stone-goff Partners Ii Lp gets funded!Stone-goff Partners Ii LpFunding history Key peopleCountry:State:City:United StatesNew YorkNew York CityIndustry:Other Funding history DateDeal sizeInvestors October 1st, 2015Undisclosed-View DealSeptember 17th, 2015Undisclosed-View DealCreate alertManage your alerts in accountWant to know when Stone-goff Partners Ii Lp gets funded?Key peopleLaurens GoffExecutive OfficerHannah Stone CravenExecutive OfficerPlease note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment!