























































Stop In stores sold to Pennsylvania company | Business | roanoke.com




























You are the owner of this article.

 Edit Article
 Add New Article





































Welcome, Guest
Sign Up

                        Log In
                    





Dashboard
 Logout




My Account



My Account
 Dashboard
 Profile
 Saved items

 Logout











                                Home
                            






                                News
                            



                                        Roanoke Valley
                                    


                                        New River Valley
                                    


                                        Crime
                                    


                                        Politics
                                    


                                        Education
                                    


                                        Virginia
                                    


                                        Nation
                                    


                                        World
                                    


                                        Dan Casey
                                    


                                        Blogs
                                    





                                Sports
                            



                                        Virginia Tech
                                    


                                        UVa
                                    


                                        Colleges
                                    


                                        High Schools
                                    


                                        Roanoke Rail Yard Dawgs
                                    


                                        Salem Red Sox
                                    


                                        Outdoors
                                    


                                        Redskins
                                    


                                        Nascar
                                    



                                Business
                            




                                Weather
                            






                                Life & Entertainment
                            



                                        Arts
                                    


                                        Events Calendar
                                    


                                        Books
                                    


                                        Health
                                    


                                        Food
                                    


                                        Home/Garden
                                    


                                        Movies
                                    


                                        Music
                                    


                                        TV
                                    


                                        Travel
                                    


                                        Puzzles
                                    


                                        Comics
                                    


                                        Horoscopes
                                    


                                        Celebrations
                                    


                                        Community Experts
                                    


                                        Paparazzi
                                    





                                Opinion
                            



                                        Submit a letter
                                    





                                In depth
                            



                                        Nicole Lovell homicide
                                    


                                        Money for nothing: VEDP
                                    


                                        More in depth
                                    


                                        Photo
                                    


                                        Video
                                    


                                        Archives
                                    


                                        Homicides in Roanoke 
                                    


                                        Virginia Tech shootings
                                    





                                Customer Care
                            



                                        Contact us
                                    


                                        Manage Subscription
                                    


                                        Subscribe
                                    


                                        Meet the newsroom
                                    


                                        Submit news
                                    


                                        Advertise
                                    


                                        Become a carrier
                                    





                                Obituaries
                            



                                        Memoriams
                                    


                                        Card Of Thanks
                                    





                                Jobs
                            



                                        Find a job
                                    


                                        Create account
                                    


                                        Post a job
                                    


                                        Join our team
                                    





                                Classifieds
                            



                                        Homes
                                    


                                        Cars
                                    


                                        Marketplace
                                    


                                        Notices
                                    


                                        Place an ad
                                    


                                        Yard sales
                                    


                                        Daily deal
                                    


                                        Business services
                                    



                                Findit - Roanoke Times Business Directory
                            





























Sign Up

                        Log In
                    





Dashboard
  Logout







My Account
 Dashboard
 Profile
 Saved items

 Logout






Subscribe























75°







 



                                
                                    Roanoke, VA
                                
                                 (24010)

Today
Thunderstorms likely. A few storms may be severe. High 78F. Winds SW at 5 to 10 mph. Chance of rain 100%..
Tonight
Thunderstorms this evening, then skies turning partly cloudy after midnight. A few storms may be severe. Low 67F. Winds WNW at 5 to 10 mph. Chance of rain 90%.
 Updated: July 28, 2017 @ 12:54 pm



 Full Forecast
















































roanoke.com








































        
        Stop In stores sold to Pennsylvania company
    


By Jeff Sturgeon | The Roanoke Times











Jeff Sturgeon


























May 2, 2014
 (…)


























































































A publicly traded Pennsylvania motor fuel distributor has paid $61 million for the Roanoke-based convenience store chain Stop In Food Stores and a related petroleum distributorship.Lehigh Gas Partners LP said Friday its purchase of Petroleum Marketers Inc., which closed Wednesday, will broaden its presence in the Interstate 81 corridor, where PMI operates most of its 85 stores.No employment-related information was released. Messages left for executives at PMI’s Ogden Road office and at Lehigh Gas headquarters in Allentown, Pennsylvania, weren’t returned by late afternoon.Petroleum Marketers incorporated on March 27, 1950, its website says. In addition to operating 40 stores in the Roanoke and New River valleys decked with red, white and blue signs, the company has donated money to educational and health-related causes.A brief profile of PMI supplied in a news release said company stores sold 91 million gallons of motor vehicle fuel and collected $93 million in non-fuel revenue in 2013. The stores will stay open, Lehigh Gas said.PMI, which also delivers petroleum products, distributed 191 million gallons of motor vehicle fuel and lubricants in Virginia, West Virginia, Tennessee and North Carolina last year, the release said.
Lehigh Gas, whose focus is wholesale distribution of motor fuel and retail real estate, earned $18 million on revenue of $1.93 billion in 2013, according to filings.The partnership, which is only about two years old, distributes fuel to more than 1,100 locations and owns or leases 625 fuel stores in 14 states including Virginia. In Virginia, the Lehigh’s owned and leased store locations are concentrated in Richmond. The only one in the Roanoke and New River valleys is the Radford Travel Center on Tyler Road.







Contact Jeff Sturgeon at jeff.sturgeon@roanoke.com or 981-3251. 
























































Jeff Sturgeon

Jeff Sturgeon covers the transportation, banking and federal court beats. Contact Jeff at (540) 981-3251 or jeff.sturgeon@roanoke.com. To send something by mail: 201 W. Campbell Ave., Roanoke, VA 24011.



















 Follow Jeff Sturgeon
            






Close

Get email notifications on Jeff Sturgeon daily!



                                Your notification has been saved.
                            

                                There was a problem saving your notification.
                            

                                    
                                        Whenever Jeff Sturgeon posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link.
                                    
                                
Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items.





 Save
                                        


Manage followed notifications










 Follow Jeff Sturgeon
            






Close

Followed notifications



Please log in to use this feature
Log In


Don't have an account? Sign Up Today




























                
                Storefront
                
                    







        

        
        Awful Arthur's opens new Salem location



        

        
        Whitebarrel Winery to open location in Blacksburg



        

        
        Junior Achievement puts 2 new names in Hall of Fame



        

        
        Thirsty Roanokers help Deschutes' Street Pub beat keg-tapping record ... again



        

        
        Construction begins on Lidl stores








                
                MedBeat
                
                    







        

        
        Med Beat: Reaction to Senate vote on repeal of ACA



        

        
        Med Beat: Avoidable emergency visits pegged at $71 million



        

        
        Med Beat: Self-care through mindfulness offered at retreat



        

        
        Med Beat: Friendship to host self-defense program for older adults



        

        
        Med Beat: People with impaired mobility asked to offer insight








                
                Most Popular Stories
                
            







        

        
        Franklin County teacher placed on leave after indictment



        

        
        As City-County swim meet arrives, Read Mountain's Kelly Berry faces another challenge



        

        
        McFarling: More Marty Smith? ESPN says 'heck yeah!"



        

        
        Landowners along pipeline route sue FERC and Mountain Valley Pipeline



        

        
        Salem man dies in parking lot of Sheetz in Bedford County










                
                Stocks
                
                    







































    Roanoke Times, Roanoke, VA © 2017 BH Media Group, Inc.
     | Terms of Use






























Stop in Food Stores Inc in Staunton, VA 24401 - ChamberofCommerce.com




   =     


        









Sign Up
Sign In
Contact Us


 














Search
 

near
 













Home
» Virginia
» Staunton
» Convenience Stores
» Stop in Food Stores Inc













Stop in Food Stores Inc


0 Reviews

0.0000 stars - based on 0 reviews
                            





3515 Lee Jackson Hwy  Staunton, Virginia 24401


(540) 337-1694


 



 

Print |
                Save |
                Directions


About
Stop in Food Stores Inc is located at the address 3515 Lee Jackson Hwy in Staunton, Virginia 24401.  They can be contacted via phone at (540) 337-1694 for pricing, hours and directions.  Stop in Food Stores Inc specializes in Minivans, Trucks, Oil Filters.  Stop in Food Stores Inc has an annual sales volume of 501K - 999,999.  .For more information contact John  Newton, OwnerStop in Food Stores Inc provides Oil Changes, Radiators, Cars to it's customers.  For maps and directions to Stop in Food Stores Inc view the map to the right.  For reviews of Stop in Food Stores Inc see below.









Business Features

PRODUCTS


Diesel
, Sandwiches
, Wheels
, Belts
, Antifreeze
, Lottery
, Mirrors
, Tires
, Fuel
, Wipers



SERVICES


Radiators
, Transmissions
, Struts
, Engine Repair
, Oil Changes
, Clutches
, Cars
, Exhaust Systems
, Alternators
, Tune Ups


 BRANDS


Firestone
, Nissan
, Bridgestone
, Monroe
, Dodge
, Subaru
, Ford
, Mazda
, Michelin
, Cadillac


 SPECIALTIES


Fleets
, Trucks
, Minivans
, Pumps
, Oil Filters
, Trailers
, Filters
, Vans
, Sedans
, Imports



 


Information

CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (540) 337-1694
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Main Contact First Name: Darnell
Main Contact Last Name: Eppley
Main Contact Title: Manager
Employee Size: 1 To 4
Exact Employee Count: 3
Exact Sales Volume: 1750000
Location Type: Branch Location
Sales Volume: 501K - 999,999
CATEGORIES:


Convenience Stores
Gas Stations
Food & Drink
Shopping
Fuel & Gas



People Also Viewed


Sentry Food Mart


77 Lee Jackson Hwy  Staunton, Virginia 24401




Kangaroo Express


313 Springfield Ln  Staunton, Virginia 24401




Valley Oil Corp Ta Royal 5


1915 W Beverley St  Staunton, Virginia 24401





Reviews

Add


You must Sign in to post reviews.





by  on 






Click here to be the first to review this business...



0 Reviews
 


Key Contacts




John  Newton
OWNER
Phone: (540) 337-1694 
 



Darnell  Eppley
MANAGER
Phone: (540) 337-1694 
 



Linda  Wicks
MANAGER
Phone: (540) 337-1694 
 



Mary  Raines
MANAGER
Phone: (540) 337-1694 
 



View More
 























 






Site Map
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
About
Partners
Chamber Partner Program
Chamber Member Benefits




Top Cities:
Atlanta
Bronx
Brooklyn
Chicago
Cleveland
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Phoenix
Saint Louis
San Antonio
San Diego
San Jose


© 2017 CHAMBEROFCOMMERCE.COM













Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Stop In Food Stores, Inc.                                                                                                - Natural Bridge                                    , VA         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



VA



Natural Bridge



Grocery Stores



Retail - Convenience Stores



                            Stop In Food Stores, Inc.
                                    



 





















S 


Stop In Food Stores, Inc.                                                                                               
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



4448 S LEE HWY NATURAL BRIDGE, VA 24578
Get Directions



(540) 291-2911
 





Business Info



 Founded --
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue --
 Employee Count 8
 Industries Retail - Convenience Stores
 Contacts Donna Wallace                                                                                                           







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message










VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







S

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.























BBB Search Database of Businesses, Charities, & News Items

















 For full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable JavaScript.
 Here are the 
 instructions how to enable JavaScript in your web browser.
     











No results found.   Ask BBB to develop a report on this business by clicking here.


BBB Search Tips
Use BBB's search bar above to check out businesses and charities from our comprehensive database of BBB Business Profiles. Enter any of the following into the search box:

Business or Charity Name
Website URL
Phone Number
Email Address

Or, select from the categories in the drop-list to search by Type of Business or Type of Charity.
Want to know more about our rating system? Find out more here. 
Need more info?  Try the search FAQs.


















































BBB Business Profile | Stop In Food Stores, Inc. | Accreditation


















Home
 > 
Business Directory
 > 
Convenience Stores
 > 
Stop In Food Stores, Inc.














This Business Is Not BBB Accredited






Stop In Food Stores, Inc.



Submit a Review

































Stop In Food Stores, Inc.






            Business Information
        






(540) 772-4700

Stop In Food Stores, Inc.
38 years in business

        3000 Ogden Road
        Roanoke, VA 24018
    




                 WEBSITE
            





Find a Location






                BBB File Opened: 06/15/1981
            

                Business Started: 07/15/1979


                Business Incorporated: 07/12/1969 in VA





            Type of Entity
             
            Corporation       
    



            Business Management
        


                    Mr. John C. Newton, President
                

                    Mr. Ronald R. Hare, C.E.O.
                






            Business Category
        


                Convenience Stores
            




                            Service Stations - Gasoline & Oil
                        




See More Business Categories
See Less Business Categories












                    Licensing, Bonding or Registration
                
                This business is in an industry that may require professional licensing, bonding or registration. BBB encourages you to check with the appropriate agency to be certain any requirements are currently being met.

                
            



See Less Business Information
See More Business Information


 







BBB Accreditation





                This Business Is Not BBB Accredited
            

                
                Businesses are under no obligation to seek BBB accreditation, and some businesses are not accredited because they have not sought BBB accreditation.
            

                To be accredited by BBB, a business must apply for accreditation and BBB must determine that the business meets
                BBB accreditation standards, which include a commitment to make a good faith effort to resolve any consumer complaints. BBB Accredited Businesses must pay a fee for accreditation review/monitoring and for support of BBB services to the public.
            








Standards of BBB Accreditation






Build Trust









            Establish and maintain a positive track record in the marketplace.
        

           An accredited business or organization agrees to:

                   1. Have been operational (actively selling products or services) in any BBB service area for at least the most recent 6 months, unless the principle(s) previously operated a similar business with an eligible record (one that qualifies for BBB accreditation).
                

                   1. Fulfill contracts signed and agreements reached.
                

                   3. Be free from government action that demonstrates a significant failure to support BBB ethical principles in marketplace transactions (this requires a determination by BBB as to the nature of any violation, whether it was caused or condoned by management, and actions taken to resolve underlying issues that led to the government action).
                
4. Be free of an unsatisfactory rating and maintain at least a B rating at the accrediting BBB and the BBB where it is headquartered, if different.

                   5. In its relationship with BBB: 
1. meet all applicable standards within this Code of Business Practices

                            2. cooperate with BBB's activities and efforts to promote voluntary self- regulation within the business' industry
                        
3. honor any settlements, agreements or decisions reached as an outcome of a BBB dispute resolution process

                            4. complete the required application and pay all monetary obligations to BBB in a timely manner
                        









Advertise Honestly









            Adhere to established standards of advertising and selling.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Follow federal, state/provincial and local advertising laws.
                

                    2. Abide by the BBB Code of Advertising. Supply, upon request, substantiation for advertising and selling claims. Correct advertising and selling practices, when recommended by BBB.
                
3. Adhere to applicable BBB industry codes of advertising.
4. Cooperate with BBB self-regulatory programs for the resolution of advertising disputes.
5. Use the BBB name and logos in accordance with BBB policy.

                    6. Avoid misleading customers by creating the false impression of sponsorship, endorsement, popularity, trustworthiness, product quality or business size through the misuse of logos, trustmarks, pictures, testimonials, or other means
                







Tell the Truth









            Honestly represent products and services, including clear and adequate disclosures of all material terms.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Make known all material facts in both written and verbal representations, remembering that misrepresentation may result not only from direct statements but by omitting or obscuring relevant facts.
                

                    2. Ensure that any written materials are readily available, clear, accurate and complete.
                







Be Transparent









            Openly identify the nature, location, and ownership of the business, and clearly disclose all policies, guarantees and procedures that bear on a customer's decision to buy.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Upon request, provide BBB with all information required to evaluate compliance with BBB standards. This may include, but is not limited to business name, address and contact information; names and background of principles; business and banking references; licensing and/or professional accreditation; and a complete description of the nature of the business.
                

                    2. Clearly disclose to customers:

                    
1. direct and effective means to contact the business
2. terms of any written contract
3. any guarantees or warranties accompanying a product

                            4. any restrictions or limitations imposed (e.g. limited supply,maximum number available per customer)
                        
5. the business' return/refund policy

                            6. any recurring commitment into which the customer may be entering, including information on how future billing will occur
                        
7. total cost of the transaction, including tax, shipping and handling, and other related charges



                    3. If selling products or providing services on Web sites or via other electronic means: 
1. provide any required product labeling information

                            2. disclose the nature and terms of shipping, including any known delays or shortages of stock
                        
3. provide an opportunity to review and confirm the transaction before the sale is completed

                            4. provide a receipt summarizing the transaction after the purchase
                        









Honor Promises









            Abide by all written agreements and verbal representations.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 
1. Fulfill contracts signed and agreements reached. 2. Honor representations by correcting mistakes as quickly as possible.







Be Responsive









            Address marketplace disputes quickly, professionally, and in good faith.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Promptly respond to all complaints forwarded by BBB by: 
1. Resolving the complaint directly with the complainant and notifying BBB, or

                            2. Providing BBB with a response that BBB determines: 

                                    1. is professional,
                                
2. addresses all of the issues raised by the complainant,
3. includes appropriate evidence and documents supporting the business' position, and

                                    4. explains why any relief sought by the complainant cannot or should not be granted.
                                





                    2. Make a good faith effort to resolve disputes, which includes mediation if requested by BBB. Other dispute resolution options, including arbitration, may be recommended by BBB when other efforts to resolve a dispute have failed. BBB may consider a business' willingness to participate in recommended dispute resolution options in determining compliance with these standards.
                

                    3. Comply with any settlements, agreements or decisions reached as an outcome of a BBB dispute resolution process.
                

                    4. Cooperate with BBB in efforts to eliminate the underlying cause of patterns of customer complaints that are identified by BBB.
                







Safeguard Privacy









            Protect any data collected against mishandling and fraud, collect personal information only as needed, and respect the preferences of customers regarding the use of their information.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Respect Privacy Businesses conducting e-commerce agree to disclose on their Web site the following: 
1. what information they collect,
2. with whom it is shared,
3. how it can be corrected,
4. how it is secured,

                            5. how policy changes will be communicated, and;
                        
6. how to address concerns over misuse of personal data.



                    2. Secure Sensitive Data Businesses that collect sensitive data online (credit card, bank account numbers, Social Security number, salary or other personal financial information, medical history or records, etc.) will ensure that it is transmitted via secure means.Businesses will make best efforts to comply with industry standards for the protection and proper disposal of all sensitive data, both online and offline.
                    
                

                    3. Honor Customer Preferences

                     Businesses agree to respect customer preferences regarding contact by telephone, fax and e-mail, and agree to remedy the underlying cause of any failure to do so.
                







Embody Integrity









            Approach all business dealings, marketplace transactions and commitments with integrity.
            
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to:
            
1. Avoid involvement, by the business or its principles, in activities that reflect unfavorably on, or otherwise adversely affect the public image of BBB or its accredited businesses.












BBB Accreditation Reviews

BBB routinely monitors its files on all Accredited Businesses to affirm that they continue to meet all BBB Accreditation Standards











BBB Accreditation Process


        Not every business is eligible for BBB Accreditation. Businesses must meet, commit to and maintain the
        BBB Code of Business Practices (Accreditation Standards) 
        in order to be eligible for and maintain BBB Accreditation. The BBB Code of Business Practices represents sound advertising, selling and customer
        service practices that enhance customer trust and confidence in business. The Code is built on the BBB Standards for Trust, eight principles that
        summarize important elements of creating and maintaining trust in business.
    

        In order to be eligible for Accreditation a business must complete an Accreditation application.        
    

        Upon receipt of a fully completed BBB Application for Accreditation, BBB staff:        
        
Reviews the application
Researches the business
Verifies the information presented in the application 
May request additional information
May request proof of specific information on the application

        After the review and verification process, BBB will then evaluate if the business meets the
        BBB Code of Business Practices (Accreditation Standards)..
    
    
        Once BBB has finished its evaluation, the application for BBB Accreditation is either approved or denied. If the applicant is found in compliance with the BBB Code of Business Practices it will be presented to the BBB Board of Directors, or a committee of that board, for final approval. If the application is denied, BBB will contact the applicant, indicating the BBB Standard(s) that were not met and any recourse available to the applicant.        
    
















Stop In Food Stores, Inc.






            BBB Rating Scorecard
        






This Business Is Not BBB Accredited  

                Stop In Food Stores, Inc.
            










A+




BBB Rating System Overview














Customer Review Rating:









                        The BBB Customer Review Rating represents the customer's opinion of the business.
                        The Customer Review Rating percentages are based on the total number of positive,
                        neutral, and negative reviews posted.
                    



100%




[0] Positive Reviews



[0] Neutral Reviews



[1] Negative Reviews



[1] Total Customer Reviews
                        





[3] Total Customer Complaints
                        










Composite Score:





                        Stop In Food Stores, Inc. has received 3.68 out of 5 stars based on 1 Customer Reviews and a BBB Rating of A+.
                        






                            Comprised of 67% BBB Rating and 33% Customer Review Rating.
                        

                            The BBB Customer Review Rating represents the customer's opinion of the business. The Customer Review
                            Rating percentages are based on the total number of positive, neutral, and negative reviews posted.
                        

                            The BBB letter grade represents the BBB's opinion of how the business is likely to interact with its customers.
                            The BBB grade is based on BBB file information about the business.
                            In some cases, a business' grade may be lowered if the BBB does not have sufficient
                            information about the business despite BBB's requests for that information from the business.
                        

                            The BBB Customer Review Rating plus the BBB Rating is not a guarantee of a business'
                            reliability or performance. BBB recommends that consumers consider a business'
                            BBB Rating and Customer Review Rating in addition to all other available information
                            about the business.
                        














Share your experience


              Submit a Review
          

            Submit a Complaint
        











Share




Print






































































×
Claim Your Business


                By claiming your Business Profile, businesses can add custom text or descriptive information about their services, insert company logos, and add photographs for consumers to view.
            

Close










×
AccreditedQuestionModal title


                content
            

Close










×
Customer Rating Modal title


                content
            

Close










×
Score Modal title


                content
            

Close











×
Find a Location







Filter







Close




 





















 

















BBB Search Database of Businesses, Charities, & News Items

















 For full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable JavaScript.
 Here are the 
 instructions how to enable JavaScript in your web browser.
     











No results found.   Ask BBB to develop a report on this business by clicking here.


BBB Search Tips
Use BBB's search bar above to check out businesses and charities from our comprehensive database of BBB Business Profiles. Enter any of the following into the search box:

Business or Charity Name
Website URL
Phone Number
Email Address

Or, select from the categories in the drop-list to search by Type of Business or Type of Charity.
Want to know more about our rating system? Find out more here. 
Need more info?  Try the search FAQs.










































































Stop in Food Stores Corporate Office & Headquarters | Roanoke, VA









Corporate Office


Home
Browse
Support
Contact
 

 




 










Stop in Food Stores Corporate Office | Headquarters 
Avarage Rating:   
3000 Ogden Road Roanoke, VA 24014 
						Phone: (540)772-4700 

							Reviews: 1

WRITE REVIEW





















Company Overview

												Stop In Food Stores Inc had been incorporated in the year 1979. It has operations as convenience stores industry primarily. It is a subsidiary of petroleum marketers, Inc. Mr. Ronald R. Hare and Mr. Roy Foutz are the current President and Vice-President of the company. According to 2011 data, Stop In Food Stores Inc had generated $350 million. Their mission is to demonstrate appreciation of customers while offering exclusive services and products via marketing and operational excellence. They ensure continued success via providing good service to all its clients equally. Even they make sure that customer details are kept intact.						 					

Stop in Food Stores Map Location


Stop in Food Stores Contact QR Codes


Phone Number



Address








Related Search


Superior Self Storage Inc
USF Physicians Group
Gaughen Jack Realtor Era
ABC Warehouse
Harris Trust Bank of Arizona
Republic Bank of Chicago
R J Hill Homes
Levenger
The Federal Reserve System Board Of Governors



Permanent Link





Stop in Food Stores Reviews
There are currently 1 consumer reviews about Stop in Food Stores available. Share your review.






									By Larry Jones - Posted on: July 28, 2013									



									Stopped at the Stop In #160 in Rich Creek, Va and it is by far the best convienence store that I have been in. The cashiers were very friendly and helpful. Fresh coffee, and nice clean coffee bar. I was very impressed. Asst Manager, Donna, was very helpful with directions, as I was traveling to another town. I will make this my stop every time I come through that area.
You should be proud of that store.
Thank you 
Larry Jones
Huntsville, Alabama 									




 

Write Review

						Please take a note that you are about to post a public review about Stop in Food Stores corporate office on CorporateOffice.com. This review will be public, so please do not post any of your personal information on this website. If you would like to contact the corporate offices of Stop in Food Stores, please use their contact information such as their phone number, website, and address listed above to contact them. However, sometimes staff from Stop in Food Stores headquarters do read the reviews on this website.
					

Your Name:

Your Rating:

Please Select
(5 Star) Best
(4 Star)
(3 Star)
(2 Star)
(1 Star) Worst


Review:


Security Code:

 [ Try a different image ]

 








		Copyright © 2013, Corporate Office, All Rights Reserved
		
Home
Browse
Donate to WWF

Follow Us on Twitter

Privacy
Contact
Locations
























































	Stop In Food Stores, Inc. - Locations, Sale & Lease Transaction History and Property Information


































Stop In Food Stores, Inc.
View information on current and former Stop In Food Stores, Inc. building locations. Find leasing information, previous sales and currently active for sale and lease listings of properties where Stop In Food Stores, Inc. is located.  Research Stop In Food Stores, Inc. information, location photos and more.




Share on social networks






Tweet












































Summary of Stop In Food Stores, Inc. Related Properties



Active Sale Listings
0


Active Lease Listings
0


Historical Sale Listings
2


Historical Lease Listings
1


Property Records
40





Nearby Tenants

Efmark
Exxon
Little Caesars Pizza
On The Run
Shell
Stop & Stor
Stop In
ABS
Arby's
Atm America



Get Advice from the LoopNet Community
Visit LoopNet Answers 


























                            This LoopNet Stop In Food Stores, Inc. tenant and owner information is organized and aggregated from public records and the millions of
                            historical and current sale and lease listings provided by members of the LoopNet commercial real estate marketplace.
                        

                            To see how to get complete access to all of this Stop In Food Stores, Inc. listing and property information,
                            register for free:
                        

Become a FREE Member

                                Already a member? Log In





For Sale and Lease History

Property Records




Stop In Food Stores, Inc. has been a past or current tenant within the buildings of the following commercial real estate properties.
Sort by
      State
Property Type

State
Property Type










1101 Linwood Street
Brooklyn, NY

Alternate Addresses Available
Owner information
Tenant information




75,000 SF Bldg
Built 1960












1702 Forest Lane
Garland, TX

Sales Comp
Owner information
Tenant information




2,240 SF Bldg
Built 1979












1602 Forest Road
Bedford, VA

Owner information
Tenant information




Built 1997












24875 Virgil H Goode Highway
Boones Mill, VA

Owner information
Tenant information




2,419 SF Bldg












19872 Main Street
Buchanan, VA

Owner information
















2212 Ivy Road
Charlottesville, VA

Owner information
Tenant information




2,725 SF Bldg
Built 1993












1129 Richmond Road
Charlottesville, VA

Owner information
Tenant information




2,709 SF Bldg
Built 1992












2655 Roanoke Street
Christiansburg, VA

Owner information
Tenant information




Built 1970












2375 Roanoke Street
Christiansburg, VA

Owner information
Tenant information




Built 1997












502 W Ridgeway Street
Clifton Forge, VA

Owner information
Tenant information




3,298 SF Bldg
Built 1985












2930 Kings Highway
Colonial Beach, VA

Owner information
Tenant information




Built 1995












1410 S Durant Road
Covington, VA

Owner information
Tenant information




3,168 SF Bldg
Built 1997












1437 Anderson Highway
Cumberland, VA

Owner information
Tenant information




Built 1989












389 Roanoke Road
Daleville, VA

Owner information
Tenant information
















5230 Northfork Road
Elliston, VA

Owner information




Built 1985












2211 E Market Street
Harrisonburg, VA

Owner information
Tenant information




1,500 SF Bldg












113 N Main Street
Lexington, VA

Owner information
Tenant information




880 SF Bldg
Built 1978












4929 Boonsboro Road
Lynchburg, VA

Owner information
Tenant information




3,486 SF Bldg
Built 1995












3239 Old Forest Road
Lynchburg, VA

Owner information




2,004 SF Bldg
Built 1967












3216 Old Forest Road
Lynchburg, VA

Sales Comp
Owner information
Tenant information




2,273 SF Bldg
Built 1975







    Page: 



    1
2



        Next Page
        



















Contact Us



Help
Add Listings
About Us
Products
Advertise
Blog
Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy
©  LoopNet, Inc.


Partners:
BizBuySell
LandAndFarm
BizQuest
























