




Jeff Stopko - President & Chief Executive Officer at AmeriServ Financial, Inc.



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Jeff Stopko
President & Chief Executive Officer at AmeriServ Financial, Inc.



Overview
In The News Relationships Paths
Education Career History Boards & Committees Political Donations Public Holdings Awards & Honors 


Jeff Stopko
President & Chief Executive Officer at AmeriServ Financial, Inc.



 Overview



Age



54
                                  (Born 1963)
                                              




Notable Companies


AmeriServ Financial Bank

AmeriServ Financial, Inc.




Awards



1





Board Seats



3





Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 164 people.
              






 In The News
          See more




PR Newswire
July 18, 2017





                        AmeriServ Financial Reports Earnings For The Second Quarter And First Six Months Of 2017                    





PR Newswire
April 25, 2017





                        AmeriServ Financial, Inc. 2017 Annual Shareholder Meeting: Live Webcast Today                    





PR Newswire
April 18, 2017





                        AmeriServ Financial, Inc. Announces Annual Shareholder Meeting Webcast                    





PR Newswire
April 18, 2017





                        AmeriServ Financial Reports Earnings For The First Quarter Of 2017                    





PR Newswire
April 7, 2017





                        AmeriServ Financial, Inc. to Webcast 2017 Annual Shareholder Meeting                    







See full news coverage and complete stories with RelSci Professional.

Create Your News Feed








See  More 






 Relationships
              See Details




Allan Raymond Dennison

Non-Executive Vice Chairman at AmeriServ Financial Bank




Craig G. Ford

Former President & Chief Executive Officer at AmeriServ Financial, Inc.





Thomas C. Slater

President & Director at Slater Laboratories, Inc.




Sara Ann Sargent

President at Sargent's Personnel Agency, Inc.





Mark E. Pasquerilla

Member at Pasquerilla Enterprises LLC




Robert L. Wise

Former President at Jersey Central Power & Light Co.





Daniel R. DeVos

Former Chief Executive Officer at Concurrent Technologies Corp.




Margaret A. O'Malley

Owner at Yost & O'Malley





J. Michael Adams, Jr.

Attorney at Adams & Foley LLC




Kim W. Kunkle

President at Sunburst Management, Inc.







See 154 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 154 More 


 


 Paths to Jeff Stopko



            Jeff Stopko          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Jeff Stopko






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Jeff Stopko.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Educational Background



 
Class of 1984 


Bucknell University

                  Established in 1846 as the University at Lewisburg; renamed Bucknell University in 1886 in honor of William Bucknell, a major benefactor. The University is highly selective, private, nonsectarian, coeducational (since 1883), residential, and undergraduate, with a small graduate program.                





 Career History



President & Chief Executive Officer

                                    Current                


AmeriServ Financial Bank


                  Part of AmeriServ Financial, Inc., AmeriServ Financial Bank is an American company located in Johnstown, PA, that provides banking services. Jeffrey A. Stopko is currently the CEO of the firm.                




President & Chief Executive Officer

                                    1987 - Current                


AmeriServ Financial, Inc.


                  AmeriServ Financial, Inc. operates as a bank holding company, which provides consumer, mortgage and commercial financial products and services through its subsidiary. Its principal activities consist of owning and operating subsidiaries, such as AmeriServ Financial Bank, AmeriServ Trust & Financial Services Co. and AmeriServ Life Insurance. The company operates through the following business segments: Retail Banking, Commercial Banking, Trust and Investment/Parent. The Retail Banking segment includes the deposit-gathering branch franchise, lending to both individuals and small businesses, and financial services. The Commercial Banking segment includes business lending, commercial loans, and commercial real-estate loans. The Trust segment contains its wealth management businesses, which include the trust company and West Chester Capital Advisors, its registered investment advisory firm. The Investment/Parent segment includes the net results of investment securities and borrowing activities, general corporate expenses not allocated to the business segments, interest expense on guaranteed junior subordinated deferrable interest debentures, and centralized interest rate risk management. AmeriServ Financial was founded in January 1983 and is headquartered in Johnstown, PA.                





 Boards & Committees



Corporate Boards ▾




Member, Board of Directors

                    2015 - Current                  


AmeriServ Financial, Inc.

                    AmeriServ Financial, Inc. operates as a bank holding company, which provides consumer, mortgage and commercial financial products and services through its subsidiary. Its principal activities consist of owning and operating subsidiaries, such as AmeriServ Financial Bank, AmeriServ Trust & Financial Services Co. and AmeriServ Life Insurance. The company operates through the following business segments: Retail Banking, Commercial Banking, Trust and Investment/Parent. The Retail Banking segment includes the deposit-gathering branch franchise, lending to both individuals and small businesses, and financial services. The Commercial Banking segment includes business lending, commercial loans, and commercial real-estate loans. The Trust segment contains its wealth management businesses, which include the trust company and West Chester Capital Advisors, its registered investment advisory firm. The Investment/Parent segment includes the net results of investment securities and borrowing activities, general corporate expenses not allocated to the business segments, interest expense on guaranteed junior subordinated deferrable interest debentures, and centralized interest rate risk management. AmeriServ Financial was founded in January 1983 and is headquartered in Johnstown, PA.                  




Director

                    2015 - Current                  


West Chester Capital Advisors, Inc.

                    West Chester Capital Advisors (WCCA) generally offers advice regarding the following securities: exchange-listed securities, securities traded OTC, foreign issuers, warrants, CDs, corporate debt securities (other than commercial paper), municipal securities, ETFs, mutual fund shares, US governmental securities and interests in partnerships investing in oil and gas interests. The firm offers a variety of investment strategies and disciplines including Tactical Allocation, Strategic Allocation, Traditional Long-Only, the AmeriServe Premier Equity Model, the Pathroad Family of Funds, Enhanced Equity Index and Customized Strategies.                  




Non-Profit Boards ▾




Member, Board of Directors

                    Current                  


Community Foundation for the Alleghenies

                    TO SERVE THE BEST INTEREST OF OUR DONORS IN PERPETUATING THEIR PHILANTHROPIC INTEREST IN FINANCIALLY SUPPORTING OUR COMMUNITY.                  





 Political Donations



$250

                  2012                


Mark Critz







$250

                  2010                


Mark Critz








 Public Holdings






Restricted data only for RelSci Professional users.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Awards & Honors




                  Professional Certification                




CPA (Certified Public Accountant)

                                    Sponsored by
                  American Institute of Certified Public Accountants






 Other Affiliations




              Jeff Stopko is affiliated with
                            AmeriServ Financial Bank, AmeriServ Financial, Inc., AmeriServ Financial, Inc., West Chester Capital Advisors, Inc., Community Foundation for the Alleghenies.
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤
















Jeffrey A Stopko - Johnstown, PA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Jeffrey A Stopko in Johnstown, PA


Jeffrey A Stopko

                                                                           Intelius found that Jeffrey A Stopko  is  a male between 50 and 60 years old from Johnstown, PA.  We have connected them to
                11 addresses,
                8 phones,
                and 6 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Jeff  Stopko


Get Report Now

Age

Jeffrey A Stopko is in his 50s

Jeffrey Has Lived In

Johnstown, PA
Boise, ID
Windber, PA

Jeffrey's Relatives

Linda Stopko
Sarah Stopko
Andrew Stopko
Sandra Stopko







Jeffrey A Stopko



Zodiac SignGemini



GenderMale



Professional Status
Vice President of Finance at U.S. Bank



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Jeffrey? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Jeffrey, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Jeffrey A Stopko
Get a Criminal Check on Jeffrey A Stopko
Get a Public Record Report on Jeffrey A Stopko
Get a People Search Report on Jeffrey A Stopko


Jeffrey A Stopko's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Jeffrey A Stopko has lived as well as Jeffrey A Stopko's phone numbers and email addresses.




Jeffrey A Stopko Has Lived in 3 States
Pennsylvania Address for Jeffrey A Stopko


245 M***** S* 

Johnstown, PA


Has Lived In

Johnstown, PA
Boise, ID


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Jeffrey A Stopko

(814) ***-**** - Johnstown, PA 
(814) ***-****
() ***-**** - Johnstown, PA 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Jeffrey A Stopko

b*****7@***.com
j*****o@***.com
j*****o@***.com


Get Email Report




Jeffrey A Stopko's Professional Information
Information regarding Jeffrey A Stopko's professional history.  Find out previous places Jeffrey A Stopko has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Jeffrey A Stopko Has Worked at 9 Places
Company: U.S. Bank
               Title: Vice President of Finance
Company: AmeriServ Financial Inc /pa/
               Title: Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Jeffrey A Stopko's Experience
Title: Vice President of Finance
               Company: U.S. Bank
Job Details
               U.S. Bancorp (NYSE: USB), with $219 billion in assets, is the parent company of U.S. Bank, the 6th largest commercial bank in the United States. The company operates 2,472 banking offices and 4,841 ATMs, and provides a comprehensive line of banking, brokerage, insurance, investment, mortgage, trust and payment services products to consumers, businesses and institutions.
Title: Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
               Company: AmeriServ Financial Inc /pa/
Job Details
               AmeriServ Financial, Inc. is a $1.1 billion bank holding company that is headquartered in Johnstown, Pa. and trades on NASDAQ under the symbol ASRV. Its principal subsidiaries are AmeriServ Financial Bank and AmeriServ Trust and Financial Services Company. AmeriServ Financial Bank was established in 1901 and operates in five counties across southwestern and southcentral Pennsylvania, with loan production offices in Altoona and Monroeville, Pa; and Hagerstown, Maryland.
Additional Professional Information on Jeffrey A Stopko

 See Jeffrey A Stopko's LinkedIn Profile



Jeffrey A Stopko's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Jeffrey A Stopko


Jeffrey A Stopko's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Jeffrey A Stopko's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Jeffrey Stopko
Username Matches

                  JeffreyStopko
                  StopkoJeffrey
                  Jeffrey.Stopko
                  Stopko.Jeffrey
                  Jeffrey_Stopko
                  Stopko_Jeffrey
                  Jeffrey-Stopko
                  Stopko-Jeffrey
                  JStopko
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
J Stopko







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.






















Jeffrey Stopko | AmeriServ Financial, Inc | Email, CEO/President, @ameriserv.com 









































LOGIN

7 DAY FREE TRIAL


























Jeffrey Stopko

 AmeriServ Financial, Inc  CEO/President


Updated On : 
                    Mar 14, 2017                            

export

















216 Franklin Street

Johnstown, PA 15901


Email format for @ameriserv.com

Direct Phone: Not Available 









Type:

                    Private                
Employees: 
250 - 499

Revenue:  
20 - 50 Million

Industry:  
                        Finance->Banks                    
SIC Code:  
                         6021  - National Commercial Banks








 BIOGRAPHY

 
                    Located in Johnstown, PA AmeriServ Financial, Inc has Jeffrey Stopko serving as the organization's CEO/President. Need Jeffrey Stopko's email, linkedin, phone numbers, facebook, wiki and biography? You can find essential contact information in AmeriServ Financial, Inc Lead411 profile, along with their AmeriServ Financial, Inc email addresses using the domain. Search for AmeriServ Financial, Inc on Lead411 under the Banks industry.  Some possible email formats for Jeffrey Stopko are JStopko@ameriserv.com, Jeffrey.Stopko@ameriserv.com, Jeffrey@ameriserv.com, and Jeffrey_Stopko@ameriserv.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@ameriserv.com addresses.            


Similar People:
Jeffrey S - Pro Services
Jeffrey S's email address, phone numbers, linkedin account, wiki may be included in Copper Mobile's Lead411 profile and other Copper Mobile email addresses with the @coppermobile.com domain format.  He is part of Copper Mobile where he serves as the Client Support Consultant.  Copper Mobile's main office is set in Dallas, TX. You can check their contact information on Lead411 under the Software category.  Some possible email formats for Jeffrey S are JS@coppermobile.com, Jeffrey.S@coppermobile.com, Jeffrey@coppermobile.com, and Jeffrey_S@coppermobile.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@coppermobile.com addresses.
Jeffrey S. - Operations
A New York, NY-based organization, New York Life Insurance Company is just one of the many Lead411 profiles that you can find contact information, like phone numbers and emails. Their profile includes @newyorklife.com email addresses, as well as details on Jeffrey S.'s email, the organization's Agent. Their profile can be found in Insurance category. If you also need twitter, facebook, linkedin, wiki, and biography details for Jeffrey S., you can also find them in Lead411.  Some possible email formats for Jeffrey S. are JS.@newyorklife.com, Jeffrey.S.@newyorklife.com, Jeffrey@newyorklife.com, and Jeffrey_S.@newyorklife.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@newyorklife.com addresses.
Jeffrey S. - Technology
For Kulite Semiconductor Products Inc email addresses with the @kulite.com format as well as facebook info, twitter, phone numbers, linkedin, wiki, as well as biography data for Jeffrey S., you may check in Kulite Semiconductor Products Inc's Lead411 profile. Jeffrey S. is currently the Process Engineer for Kulite Semiconductor Products Inc. The company's CEO is Nora Kurtz. The contact information of Kulite Semiconductor Products Inc on Lead411 is filed under the Industrial equip. Their main offices are in Leonia, NJ.  Some possible email formats for Jeffrey S. are JS.@kulite.com, Jeffrey.S.@kulite.com, Jeffrey@kulite.com, and Jeffrey_S.@kulite.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@kulite.com addresses.



Similar Employees:
Carolyn Concannon - Executive
Carolyn Concannon's email address, phone numbers, linkedin account, wiki may be included in AmeriServ Financial, Inc's Lead411 profile and other AmeriServ Financial, Inc email addresses with the @ameriserv.com domain format.  He is part of AmeriServ Financial, Inc where he serves as the SVP & Chief Credit Officer.  AmeriServ Financial, Inc's main office is set in Johnstown, PA. You can check their contact information on Lead411 under the Banks category.  Some possible email formats for Carolyn Concannon are CConcannon@ameriserv.com, Carolyn.Concannon@ameriserv.com, Carolyn@ameriserv.com, and Carolyn_Concannon@ameriserv.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@ameriserv.com addresses.
Wayne Kessler - Other
AmeriServ Financial, Inc's SVP is where Wayne Kessler is employed. On the other hand, the organization's CEO is Jeffrey Stopko. They are based in Johnstown, PA, and you can find their Lead411 profile filed under the Banks industry. Wayne Kessler's profile contains twitter, phone numbers, linkedin, wiki, and contact information, and you can also find other AmeriServ Financial, Inc email addresses on Lead411 with the @ameriserv.com domain.  Some possible email formats for Wayne Kessler are WKessler@ameriserv.com, Wayne.Kessler@ameriserv.com, Wayne@ameriserv.com, and Wayne_Kessler@ameriserv.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@ameriserv.com addresses.
Charlene Tessari - Executive
A VP Applications and IT Risk Management at AmeriServ Financial, Inc based in Johnstown, PA, Charlene Tessari has a comprehensive profile on Lead411. You can find the entry on Ameriserv Financial, Inc in our Banks category. The company CEO is Jeffrey Stopko. There are email addresses on their profile and may include Charlene Tessari' email format too. You can also find other contact information like facebook, phone numbers, biography, wiki, and linkedin for Charlene Tessari.  Some possible email formats for Charlene Tessari are CTessari@ameriserv.com, Charlene.Tessari@ameriserv.com, Charlene@ameriserv.com, and Charlene_Tessari@ameriserv.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@ameriserv.com addresses.

People Directory > Jeffrey Stopko





















Products | RA Jeffreys











































Home
About

Overview
Open Positions
Our Team
Service Areas
Our Breweries
Corporate Responsibility
Community Involvement
Careers


Beer

View by Category
View by Territory


Wine
Events

Party Planning


Contact
Find Our Products
General Information












Home
About

Overview
Open Positions
Our Team
Service Areas
Our Breweries
Corporate Responsibility
Community Involvement
Careers


Beer

View by Category
View by Territory


Wine
Events

Party Planning


Contact
Find Our Products
General Information








 Products











Anheuser Busch Inbev

 






Craft Beer

 






Non Alcohol






R. A. Jeffreys distributes products by Anheuser-Busch InBev (ABI), Corona Brands, Sweetwater and other suppliers across 36 counties in North Carolina. R. A. Jeffreys also distributes a variety of non-alcoholic products including Monster Energy, Nestle, Taste of Florida and others.












 









										© 
					R.A. Jeffreys Distributing Company, LLC.  All rights reserved.					
Terms
Site Credits




R.A. Jeffreys Distributing Company, LLC420 Civic BlvdRaleigh, NC 27610(919) 833-3609


Phone: (919) 833-3609 









   Jeffrey Stopko | AMERISERV FINANCIAL INC /PA/ | ZoomInfo.com


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.








Jeffrey James
















To navigate this site, Javascript must be enabled.



























 









































AmeriServ Financial Inc. (NASDAQ:ASRV) - Exclusive: AmeriServ Bank CEO Jeffrey Stopko Talks Loan Portfolios, Regulatory Environment And More | Benzinga



















Benzinga


Benzinga Pro


Marketfy


Financial Data & APIs


Fintech Awards


Premarket Prep







Membership is FreeWhat are you waiting for? Sign up now!
Username: 


Username available!Username taken!
Email: 


Email available!Email taken!
Password: 



Leave blank: 




OR




Free Account Login
Click here to access your premium account

Username or email: 



Password: 




OR

Forgot password?'

Looking for



?

CLICK HERE




  Contribute Login Sign up  

 
 
 


Benzinga - Feed Your Mind.












HomeBest of Benzinga
Careers
About
Contact Us
Partners
Benzinga Fintech Awards

NewsEarnings
Guidance
Dividends
M&A
Buybacks
Legal
Interviews
Management
Retail Sales
Offerings
IPOs
Insider Trades
Biotech/FDA

MarketsPre-Market
After Hours
Movers
Forex
Commodities
Options
Binary Options
Bonds
Futures
Global Economics
Previews
Reviews
Small-Cap

RatingsAnalyst Color
Downgrades
Upgrades
Initiations
Price Target

IdeasLong Ideas
Short Ideas
Technicals
From The Press
Jim Cramer
Rumors
ETFs

TechStart-Ups

Fintech
Personal Finance
Marketfy
Benzinga Pro











Long Ideas
Short Ideas
Technicals
From The Press
Jim Cramer
Rumors
ETFs












Market Overview















TickersArticlesKeywordsSearch by keyword...googlecse


 



 
 






Exclusive: AmeriServ Bank CEO Jeffrey Stopko Talks Loan Portfolios, Regulatory Environment And More







Luke Jacobi , Benzinga Staff Writer  
 





 

      {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}}
     



              December 05, 2014 1:38pm            
 
Comments





Share:
 






 


Related ASRV

AmeriServ Financial, Inc. Announces Expected Third Quarter Goodwill Impairment Charge And Profitability Improvement Initiatives 

AmeriServ Financial Announces 384K Share Common Stock Repurchase Program 


 

AmeriServ Financial, Inc. (NASDAQ: ASRV) is the holding company of AmeriServ Financial Bank, a trust and life insurance company. Expert community bank stock picker, Tim Melvin, thinks there is upside in stock. In order to gain a better understanding of business conditions and opportunities ahead, Melvin spoke with bank CEO Jeffrey Stopko.

	Business Conditions

How would you describe the economic conditions and real estate market in your core Johnstown, Pennsylvania, region right now?

	We didn’t bottom as far as a number of the regions in the higher-growth areas, in the hour called the Great Recession. So, we didn’t get as low, but correspondingly we haven’t come back quite as much because we didn’t fall as far.

	Generally, I would say the Pennsylvania unemployment rate is running a little bit better than the national rate, and we’re a little higher than the Pennsylvania average unemployment rate. I would characterize employment conditions in our market as probably fairly close to the national average at this point in time.

	The diversification of our lending opportunities outside of the core Johnstown, Pittsburgh has been beneficial to the loan growth we enjoyed over the past couple of years.

You do have offices in State College [home of Penn State University]. Do you guys do anything special to market to that enormous captive audience of college students?

	Here’s what I would tell you: We really aren’t focused on the college students. Let me make that point quite clear. We are more focused on business relationships in that market, okay.

	We started in that market with one production office; since then we’ve had two branches. That’s one of the best demographic markets in Pennsylvania... I mean it has very good on employment rate.

	The negative about that market is that because the demographics are good it is a very competitive market as well from a banking standpoint.

A lot of your markets are very competitive and all the major banks are in your service area. Do you have any special marketing strategies to compete against these guys on both the deposit and on the loan sides?

	Within the core Cambria-Sommerset county markets, on the deposit side, we really don’t have the mega-bank presence there. So, on the deposit side we really don’t feel the impact of the ultra-big banks.

	We do see PNC in State College… and in Maryland you run into the BBTs of the world. So it’s kind of interesting, for most of our deposit competition, we don’t encounter the big giant banks as much and tend to see it more on the loan side. But, on the loan side, our sweet spots for commercial deals are in the $3 million to $5 million range, so we tend to try to differentiate ourselves in that size range. We tend to focus more on commercial real estate transactions and C&I transactions. We try to set ourselves apart with our responsiveness to getting deals closed and working with the customers.

	I think you’ll find that given the competitive nature of the market on the commercial side, our pricing has to be sharp to get the deals.

	Loan Portfolio

Commercial and industrial are two of the top three loan classifications in your portfolio. Is that the focus of your loan production offices, just the commercial side?

	Absolutely. It’s commercial and commercial real estate. I would tell you the focus of our loan production offices is not consumer in nature. For instance on residential mortgages we sell about 70 percent of those into the secondary market on the production we do each year. We’re not really trying to expand our residential mortgage loans that we hold on our balance sheet; we are looking to sell those.

AmeriServ has an amazing non-performing asset ratio for the last three or four years. It’s almost spectacular. How have you been able to achieve that?

	That’s an area where we clearly exceed our peer group. Our asset quality is outstanding, and it’s been that way for a few years.

	We did see obviously an uptick in 2009 to 2010 in our non-performing asset levels, and we moved very aggressively to identify problem loans and get them out of our portfolio… I think we found that if you keep them in the portfolio and try to nurse them along, usually the result isn’t as good as if you recognize them and move aggressively to try to resolve the issue and get it out of your portfolio. I think that’s been a factor that’s caused our NPAs to come down more quickly.

	We put some fairly significant loan loss provisions in 2009 and 2010 and as a result of the success of our workouts, you can see we had negative provisions in 2011 and 2012.

Do you frequently just sell the loans?

	Given the nature, most of them have found another bank to take them on. We’ve had some sales, but we haven’t had to really do any bulk sales to reduce our NPAs. We’ve been able to work them out more on a specific loan-by-loan basis.

Per the most recent quarterly report, AmeriServ had loan growth of 7.1 percent year over year reaching record levels. You’re one of the few banks to be able to do that. How have you been able to do this?

	I think that’s a testament to our strategies of the loan production offices. We’ve had good momentum in the Hagerstown, Maryland, market and the suburban Pittsburgh market. So, I think it’s been just a testament to our approach to try to diversify our lending portfolio into some better growth markets than what we see in our core market for commercial lending opportunities.

You spoke about having to have sharp prices to get deals done, but the bank’s net interest margin is better than your peers. How are you guys pulling that one off?

	I think what helps us be a little better than peers is that fact that we do have more of our assets in loans than investment securities than our peer group. I think that is probably the key factor that allows our margins to be a little bit better than peers. Because generally, you’ve found that loans yield more than investment securities, particularly over the past several years.

	I think you’ll see that our loans to deposit ratio is running in the low-90s. I think you’ll find our peer group is probably more in the mid-80s, so we’ve had more success in getting loan assets on our books, which has helped that comparison.

	Investment Business

Last quarter, AmeriServ did have to take a non-cash charge related to your investment advisory business. Can you explain that?

	We had purchased a registered investment advisor called West Chester Capital Advisors in 2007, and since then we have integrated them within our wealth management operations. We have a fairly large trust company, but obviously we like an RIA and we kept that as separate sub because we believe RIAs get more opportunities to manage larger pools of money.

	What happened this year is one of the founding principles of that RIA elected to leave our employment. As a result of that, we believe that he had violated some of his non-compete and non-solicitation clauses in his employment agreement. We had some litigation process we went through related to that. That cost us some money and impacted our non-interest expense negatively this year.

	At the end of the day, what happened is we did lose some customers from that RIA who were loyal to the original president/CEO of that unit. They basically followed him to his new operation. So, as a result of that, we did have a reduction in revenue and a reduction in customers, which impacted the profitability of that unit and as a result we took a goodwill impairment charge in the third quarter to recognize that. We do believe now that that operation is stabilized. The customer attrition that has occurred, we believe now is behind us.

	We do still believe there’s still meaningful value in having an RIA and we’re moving forward to continue and grow that business again. And it was largely related to the customer disruption that resulted from the original founder of that business leaving our employment.

	Shareholders

AmeriServ has a 10.6 percent insider ownership and there’s been a little bit of insider buying recently. Do you find that this keeps the board and the officers a little more focused?

	They do. Your 10 percent number is a fair number, and I would tell you that we’ve had a number of board members and members of management that have tended to be long-term holders of our stock. I think what you’ll see is people who have built positions over time. I think they continue to do so when opportunities present themselves going forward. When you look at us you don’t see a lot of selling by insiders. I think our insiders tend to have more of "buy and hold" mentality and continue to increase their positions.

	We do certain things to help that, like our director retainer. We pay for some of our director compensation in terms of shares rather than cash. That again helps build ownership position, so I think we tend to have more of a long-term focus on our company.

AmeriServ seems to have no Wall Street coverage, which is not unusual for a bank your size. Is that a concern of you or you’re just content to focus on banking and let the stock price take care of itself based on results?

	I think our best approach is to continue to try and make our bank better and improve our financial performance metrics. I’ll be perfectly frank with you, it’s tough to get coverage from the brokerage firms when your markets cap is under $100 million [AmeriServ has a market cap of about $58 million]. We’ll try moving forward, and I see opportunities where we might be able to present ourselves or try to get more visibility on the company. But, in the near term, I don’t see a Wall Street-type firm picking up coverage with us just because of the size of our market cap and the number of shares we trade each day.

	Looking Forward

I found the following quote in the last 10-K. “Usually at about this time it is our want to comment on the national and regional economies. In truth we are less optimistic in the opinions coming from inside the Washington Beltway and we expect 2014 will be a hard scrabble struggle, just as every year has been since 2009.”

Whoever wrote that was dead-on correct. Based on your experience in the banking industry and with AmeriServ, what do you see going forward for your bank and the community banking industry?

	I’ll be cautious with this one because, it’s my personal view here, but I [think] they’re fair views of AmeriServ’s position. I think the quote you were reading was from a letter our chairman sent.

	Each quarter they send out a letter to our shareholders kind of talking about our performance and the industry and the economy. I think what played out in 2014 and what we were concerned about is the continued relatively low interest rate environment, which makes pricing on the commercial deals we were talking about more competitive and you’re typically not getting as high a price on those loan yields as you normally would. This is because of the Fed’s ongoing efforts to really keep interest rates down. I think most people were expecting the long end of the curve to move up as we moved through 2014 and it really didn’t, it actually as you’re aware came down. So the 10-year’s is about 70 basis points lower today, than it was at the beginning of the year. So, we weren’t really shocked by that unfortunately. We were hoping it would rise because our balance sheet would look better if rates rise.

	I think that’s just the factor of what’s happening, domestically where we are seeing better growth numbers, but there’s such an impact from what’s going on internationally with Europe. I think that is having an impact on keeping the intermediate to long end of our interest rate curve low.

	That happened in 2014 and as we’re moving into 2015, it looks like the domestic economy may be picking up some steam, but there’s a lot of international factors that are looking like they’re moving the other way. I think the Fed is positioning to begin to increase short-term rates in the second half of the year. It will interesting to see if the long end of the curve is able to move up.

You’ve been in the baking industry for some time and everything’s changed in the last few years. How are you guys dealing with the regulatory environment, the new restrictions of Dodd Frank, and the new cost?

	Like any community bank, I think that’s a challenge for us. I think we generally have had what I would consider to be a more conservative approach to managing our company for some years. I think compared to some community banks we might be a little further ahead at the curve on that… I think we have layered in some of that regulatory cost related to Dodd Frank and the ongoing regulatory challenges. And believe me, I’m not saying there’s not more to come because I’m sure there will be. I think generally speaking we’ve been trying to stay up-to-date or as best we can with how the curve is moving there.

	But, it is tough for a $1 billion bank. I’ll be frank with you, It’s an ongoing challenge and it doesn’t seem to be getting any easier.

In the community banking industry there’s a school of thought that says, “It’s just too tough for banks of $3 billion in assets to make it on their own and there’s going to be continued consolidation in the industry.” How do you think all that plays out and how does it impact your bank?

	Yeah I guess it’s interesting that you use the $3 billion figure. I heard $1 billion a number of times to have enough scale to try to continue to make sense of it. I think there was a real interesting acquisition announced recently with BB&T buying Susquehanna, which was a rather large community bank I believe. So, I’m curious to see if that triggers more consolidation activities in Pennsylvania, because obviously Susquehanna was based in central Pennsylvania.

	I would tell you this: it seems like banks are sold, they’re not bought. I think it has to be a realization on the part of sellers that they feel they can no longer compete attractively and they’d rather partner with somebody larger. That’s what usually gets the deal done. What we’re hoping is that within the markets we operate there may be acquisitions that cause disruptions, because what we found is that if there’s disruption in a market, which tends to lead to more opportunities.

	I’ll be candid with you, given the fact that our stock we believe right now isn’t trading at a strong enough multiple for us to be acquiring folks. So, our focus continues to be organic growth and continuing to improve our profitability metrics. If we can improve our stock price, that would give us better currency to participate in the acquisition game at some point in the future. But, near-term, I don’t see us being an acquirer or look to be opportunistic.

Posted-In: Banking On Profit Jeffrey Stopko Tim MelvinLong Ideas Exclusives Trading Ideas Interview
© 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. 
 



Related Articles (ASRV)

 

View Comments and Join the Discussion!
View the discussion thread.









 










        Newsletter & Alerts
      










          Become a Wall-Street Wizard.
        




Market in 5 Minutes
Everything you need to know about the market - quick & easy.





Daily Analyst Rating
A summary of each day’s top rating changes from sell-side  analysts on the street.





FinTech Focus
Yesterday’s biggest gainers and losers. As well as 10 stocks to keep an eye on for Today






TERMS & CONDITIONS





Thank You
for registering for Benzinga’s newsletters and alerts.



            • The Daily Analysts Ratings email will be received daily between 7am and 10am.
          

            • The Market in 5 Minutes email will be received daily between 7am and 8am.
          

            • The Fintech Focus email will be received every Friday between 2pm and 5pm.
          


          If you have any questions as it relates to either of the three newsletters, please feel free to contact us at  1-877-440-ZING.
        









  Sign up for email alerts on ASRV






Trending
Recent








1
NFLX, VZ: Verizon Addresses Accusations Of Bandwidth Manipulation Limiting Netflix...


2
HLF, CMG: Controversies Surrounding Chipotle, Herbalife Don't Faze Th...


3
HD, LOW: A Guide To Guessing Where Amazon Is Going


4
GOOGL, GOOG: Amazon Acquires Fintech Startup GraphIQ To Has...


5
MSFT: What Are Wall Street's Top Analysts S...


6
V: Visa Returns More Than 100% Of Its Profit...


7
RDUS: Apparently Fake Press Release Roils R...

 





1
KSS, AMZN: Kohl's CEO: While Competitors Are Closing Stores, We Are Investing...


2
FED, SPY: 7 Key Economic Data/Events To Watch In Q3


3
GOOGL, GOOG: Amazon Is The Google Of Shopping: A Third Of America...


4
SPX, QQQ: Current Economic Expansion Into Its Ninth Ye...


5
AAPL, AMZN: Tech Sector Finally Recovers From...


6
GS, FOXA: 6 Months In, Trump Has Fil...


7
K, JCP: Why Have Food Stocks...

 






 



View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. 



 












          Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content.
        





Popular ChannelsAnalyst Ratings
Be Your Own Boss
ETFs
Economics
Forex
Hot
News
Options
Press Releases
Start-ups
Tech
Tools & FeaturesAffiliate Program
PreMarket Prep
Feeds
News Widget
Real Time Feed
Sitemap
Submit News Tips
About BenzingaAbout Us
Licensing and APIs
Apps (iOS and Android)
Fintech Awards
Blog
Syndication
In the News
Careers
Service Status
Contact Us
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions


Benzinga Partners
 


 


1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING)
© Copyright Benzinga


















Here's Why Netflix Stock Could Outperform In The Coming Quarters



Mastercard Showing Positive Vibes; Jefferies Maintains Rating






























Jeffrey Stopko | AmeriServ Financial, Inc | Email CEO @ameriserv.com CFO 















































LOGIN

7 DAY FREE TRIAL






















































 




                    AmeriServ Financial, Inc





ameriserv.com





216 Franklin Street                 
                 
Johnstown, PA 15901
Phone: 800-837-2265
Fax: N/A










 














Type:

                    Private                
Employees:

250 - 499

Revenue: 

20 - 50 Million

Industry:  
                    Finance->Banks                
SIC Code:  
                     6021  - National Commercial Banks
















View:




Employees



IT Intelligence



News



Currently Hiring




Historical Trends









 IT INTELLIGENCE











Show All IDE








Software Development



Software Development
General Match



Sign up to see all












Helpful Hint
The Inside View displays a list of technologies and products used internally at a company




                        F
                        i
                        r
                        e
                        w
                        a
                        l
                        l
                  








Show All Analytics
AudioVideo










Google Analytics
Google Analytics shows you the full customer picture across ads and videos, websites and social tools, tablets and smartphones. That makes it easier to serve your current customers and win new ones.






YouTube
YouTube is a video-sharing website, created by three former PayPal employees in February 2005 and owned by Google since late 2006, on which users can upload, view and share videos. 



Sign up to see all













Helpful Hint
The Outside View displays all the technologies and devices which can be seen on the Internet





 NEWS AND BACKGROUND
 NEWS AND BACKGROUND








Company in the News



                                            October 18, 2013 - New Contract
CustomerUSWAmountUndisclosedLength4 YearOtherUndisclosed
Read Entire Article



 Sign up to see all press events 









Background

                                       Full company description is available with the free trial.            


















Name 
Email Address
Department 
Get Data











                                        Jeffrey Stopko                                    

Title: CEO/President








Free Trial For Email


Executive

export









                                        Carolyn Concannon                                    

Title: SVP & Chief Credit Officer








Free Trial For Email


Executive

export









                                        Charlene Tessari                                    

Title: VP Applications and IT Risk Management







                         No Email Avail                            
Executive

export









                                        Wayne Kessler                                    

Title: SVP








Free Trial For Email


Other

export









                                        Dennis Hogue                                    

Title: Network Administrator








Free Trial For Email


Other

export








Showing 1 to 
                5                                

                                    of 93 entries            

 Free Trial to view full entries 







 LEVEL AND ORGANIZATION
 LEVEL AND ORGANIZATION












 HISTORICAL TRENDS
 HISTORICAL TRENDS















Yearly


Quarterly




































Weekly


Quarterly









































 
Poll Question
Date Created
Current Result
Votes








Only for logged in user.




Additional Info:
Looking for company data regarding AmeriServ Financial, Inc's CEO or CFO? AmeriServ Financial, Inc is part of the Banks field and are located in the area of Johnstown, PA. Some of the helpful data that can be found on their Lead411 profile include AmeriServ Financial, Inc email addresses marked by the domain format @ameriserv.com.  Other contact information could contain cfo names, phone numbers, linkedin profiles, corporate contacts, and facebook profiles.  If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@ameriserv.com addresses.


Company Background:
Full company description is available with the free trial.


Ceo Reference:
Jeffrey Stopko
Their CEO/President is Jeffrey Stopko. Their Lead411 profile is categorized under the Banks industry. If you're checking for AmeriServ Financial, Inc email addresses, these are also available on Lead411 with the @ameriserv.com email addresses and possibly Jeffrey Stopko's email. AmeriServ Financial, Inc is based in Johnstown, PA. You can also get Jeffrey Stopko's linkedin info, twitter data, phone numbers, wiki and biography on their Lead411 profile. Their contact information is filed under the Banks category.  Some possible email formats for Jeffrey Stopko are JStopko@ameriserv.com, Jeffrey.Stopko@ameriserv.com, Jeffrey@ameriserv.com, and Jeffrey_Stopko@ameriserv.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@ameriserv.com addresses.


Similar Companies:
S&T Bank
The company profile also contains facebook info, phone numbers, linkedin accounts, cfo contacts, and S&T Bank email format addresses with the domain of @stbank.com. S&T Bank, a Banks company has its main office in Indiana, PA.  If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@stbank.com addresses.
Harleysville Savings Financial Corp.
Lead411 offers quality contact information on a variety of companies including that of Harleysville Savings Financial Corp.'s CEO Ronald Geib. The company profile also contains facebook info, linkedin accounts, phone numbers, cfo contacts, and Harleysville Savings Financial Corp. email addresses with the domain format of @harleysvillesavings.com. Harleysville Savings Financial Corp., is in the Banks field.  If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@harleysvillesavings.com addresses.
Jersey Shore State Bank
Lead411 offers quality contact information on a variety of companies including that of Jersey Shore State Bank's CEO Richard Grafmyre. The company profile also contains facebook info, linkedin accounts, phone numbers, cfo contacts, and Jersey Shore State Bank email addresses with the domain format of @jssb.com. Jersey Shore State Bank, is in the Banks field.  If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@jssb.com addresses.




Company Directory > AmeriServ Financial, Inc























ASRV Jeffrey A. Stopko Insider Trades for AmeriServ Financial Inc.


































Bulletin






Investor Alert







Tokyo Markets Open in:



US Market Snapshot
Currencies
Commodities


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































AmeriServ Financial Inc.

                  NASDAQ: ASRV
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

AmeriServ Financial Inc.



Market closed
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 21, 2017, 4:00 p.m.


ASRV

/quotes/zigman/85715/composite


$
3.95




Change

0.00
0.00%

Volume
Volume 79,243
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/85715/composite
Previous close

$
			3.95
		


$
				3.95
			
Change

0.00
0.00%





Day low
Day high
$3.85
$4.00










52 week low
52 week high

            $3.08
        

            $4.25
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Jeffrey A. Stopko



Mr. Jeffrey A. Stopko, CPA, is President, Chief Executive Officer & Director at AmeriServ Financial, Inc. and Chief Administrative Officer & Executive VP at AmeriServ Financial Bank. He is on the Board of Directors at AmeriServ Financial, Inc.
He received his undergraduate degree from Bucknell University.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





12/31/2016
372


 
Award at $3.7 per share.


1,376


12/02/2016
2,000


 
Acquisition at $3.5 per share.


7,000


03/15/2016
2,517


 
Award at $3.11 per share.


7,827


03/03/2016
1,000


 
Acquisition at $3.08 per share.


3,080


12/31/2015
261


 
Award at $3.2 per share.


835


09/09/2015
1,000


 
Acquisition at $3.24 per share.


3,240


06/01/2015
3,100


 
Acquisition at $3.34 per share.


10,354


01/26/2015
2,000


 
Acquisition at $2.94 per share.


5,880


12/31/2014
197


 
Acquisition at $3.13 per share.


616


11/18/2014
1,000


 
Acquisition at $3.09 per share.


3,090


03/17/2014
1,778


 
Award at $3.22 per share.


5,725


12/31/2013
55


 
Acquisition at $25.7 per share.


1,413


12/31/2013
142


 
Acquisition at $3.03 per share.


430


11/26/2013
513


 
Acquisition at $3.07 per share.


1,574


11/25/2013
487


 
Acquisition at $3.04 per share.


1,480


04/17/2013
40


 
Award at $3.01 per share.


120


03/15/2013
3,276


 
Award at $3.13 per share.


10,253


12/31/2012
39


 
Acquisition at $25.47 per share.


993





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. Jeffrey A. Stopko 
President, Chief Executive Officer & Director




Mr. Michael D. Lynch 
Senior VP, Chief Financial & Investment Officer




Mr. Michael  Baylor 
Chief Commercial Banking Officer & Executive VP




Ms. Carolyn  Concannon 
Chief Risk Officer & Executive Vice President




Ms. Sharon M. Callihan 
Secretary




Mr. Craig G. Ford 
Non-Executive Chairman




Mr. Robert L. Wise 
Independent Director




Mr. Daniel R. DeVos 
Independent Director




Dr. Bruce E. Duke 
Independent Director




Mr. Kim W. Kunkle 
Independent Director




Ms. Sara A. Sargent 
Independent Director




Mr. J. Michael Adams 
Independent Director




Mr. Allan R. Dennison 
Non-Executive Vice Chairman




Mr. Thomas C. Slater 
Independent Director




Mr. Mark E. Pasquerilla 
Independent Director




Ms. Margaret A. O'Malley 
Independent Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




11:00 AM EDT
July 23, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
11:00aGE earnings: Departing CEO Immelt’s last chance to bring good things to investors
10:59aBitcoin surges as miners avert split for now
10:51aNolan’s cinematic vision in ‘Dunkirk’ is Hollywood’s best defense against Netflix
10:48aWhy ‘Game of Thrones’ characters are wise to prefer social status over money
10:44aCongress reaches deal on sweeping Russia sanctions bill
10:12aAlphabet earnings: A $2.74 billion hit for Google, potential YouTube results for investors
10:01aHow to earn $100,000 a year or more with side hustles 
9:59aThe dark side of cruises
9:59aStocks brace for volatility in earnings deluge; Fed meeting looms 
9:58aYou’ll save money on gas with a Tesla, but you may end up paying more elsewhere
9:56aWarning for homeowners: Here’s how much you’ll spend after buying your new house
9:52aMove over, Airbnb: Here’s how to rent out your home for a lot more money
9:52aThese wealthy parents spend $20,000 for summer camps so their kids can be ‘normal’
9:50aThese 4 colors can be the kiss of death when selling your home
9:48aThe richest people on the planet just got richer, but one country was outstanding
9:47aThis is exactly how many years of work you should reveal on your résumé 
9:44aMy boss asked me to let a new employee stay at my place for two months (for free)
9:44aArtificial sweeteners may even make you put on weight
9:43a10 seriously inappropriate things you should never (ever) say to a co-worker
9:42a5 totally avoidable reasons why millennials can’t have nice things (or save any money)
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,580.07

-31.71
-0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,387.75

-2.25
-0.04%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.54

-0.91
-0.04%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15






















































