










 













 













 













 













 













 




Attorneys | THE OFFICES OF THOMAS W. STOREY, APLC | El Centro, California










































Search our site.











local:
760-352-1311






Family Law 





Business Law 





Civil Law 





Criminal Law 





Estate Planning and Probate 





Advance Health Care Directives 







 


 Menu
 Contact

 
 
  Our Practice Areas
 





Attorneys


Since 1990, we at THE OFFICES OF THOMAS W. STOREY, APLC, have been working to help people deal with difficult legal issues and get back to what matters â their lives. 
Combining our hands-on approach and personal communication has helped hundreds of clients arrive at ideal resolutions in their cases. We are ready to apply our approach to your case and are committed to your success. 
To find out more about any of our lawyers, click a link below.


Thomas W. Storey


To discuss any California legal issue in a free initial consultation with one of our El Centro divorce attorneys, call 760-352-1311 or e-mail us here. 




 EMAIL US FOR A RESPONSE





Office Location




THE OFFICES OF THOMAS W. STOREY, APLC


 654 West Main Street 
                    

El Centro, 
                California
92243


Map & Directions







Contact us now


Bold labels are required.
    










Contact Information

Name




E-mail Address


Please enter a valid E-mail address or Phone number to contact you.




Phone

Please enter a valid E-mail address or Phone number to contact you.




Brief description of your legal issue





Please verify that you have read the disclaimer.



I have read the 
                        disclaimer.



disclaimer.
                




The use of the Internet or this form for communication with the firm or any individual member of the firm does not establish an attorney-client relationship. Confidential or time-sensitive information should not be sent through this form.
close




Privacy Policy













Back To Top



















Thomas W. Storey: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 5:57 PM ET
Equity Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs)

Company Overview of Summit Hotel Properties, Inc.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Thomas W. Storey  Independent Director, Summit Hotel Properties, Inc.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 3 Board Members in 3 different organizations across 4 different industries.See Board Relationships60$186,570
Background

		Mr. Thomas W. Storey, also known as Tom, has been an Independent Director of Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. since February 9, 2011. Mr. Storey has been a Trustee of Legacy Hotels Real Estate Investment Trust since December 12, 2006. He serves as a Director of Summit Hotel Gp Llc-General Partner at Summit Hotel OP, LP. Mr. Storey served as the President of Hospitality at LodgeNet Interactive Corporation since April 2013. He served as Executive Vice President of Development ... at Fairmont Hotels & Resorts Inc. since July 2004. Mr. Storey served as an Executive Vice President of Business Development and Strategy at Fairmont Hotels & Resorts Inc. from October 1, 2001 to July 2004. Since February 1996, he served as President of Club Hotels by Doubletree. From August 1986 to August 1989, Mr. Storey served in a variety of senior management positions with Marriott Hotels Corporation. He served as an Executive Vice President of Corporate Strategic Planning and Venture Operations at Promus Hotel Corporation since February 1999. From August 1989 to July 1994, he served as an Executive Vice President of Sales and Marketing at Radisson Hotels International. Mr. Storey was with Promus Hotels, as Executive Vice President Strategic Planning and Venture Operations from 1998 until 2000 and Executive Vice President Marketing from 1997 to 1998. Prior to joining Promus Hotels, from August 1994 to 1997, he was an Executive Vice President of Sales and Marketing at Doubletree Hotels Corporation. He was employed at Candlewood Hotel Company, Inc. He served as the Chairman of the Board of Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. from July 30, 2015 to January 18, 2017. Mr. Storey holds a Master's of Business Administration Degree from Cornell University and a Bachelor's Degree in Economics from Bates College.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
12600 Hill Country BoulevardAustin, Texas 78738United StatesPhone: 512-538-2300Fax: 512-538-2333
Board Members Memberships
Director of Summit Hotel GP LLCSummit Hotel OP, LP2006-PresentNon-Independent TrusteeLegacy Hotels Real Estate Investment Trust2011-PresentIndependent DirectorSummit Hotel Properties, Inc.
Education
MBA Cornell UniversityBachelor's Degree Bates College
Other Affiliations
Candlewood Hotel Company, Inc.Doubletree LLCSonifi Solutions, Inc.Promus Hotel CorporationLegacy Hotels Real Estate Investment TrustFairmont Hotels & Resorts, Inc.Cornell UniversityBates CollegeSummit Hotel OP, LP


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
Total Calculated Compensation$186,570




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONNamePosition/CompanyCompensationJoseph F. Coradino Chairman of the Board & Chief Executive OfficerPennsylvania Real Estate Investment Trust$913.9KJay H. Shah Chief Executive Officer and TrusteeHersha Hospitality Trust$732.0KSteven P. Grimes CPAChief Executive Officer, President and DirectorRetail Properties of America, Inc.$850.0KRandall L. Churchey CPAChairman and Chief Executive OfficerEdR$614.0KJames L. Francis Chief Executive Officer, President and TrusteeChesapeake Lodging Trust$1.2MCompensation as of Fiscal Year 2016.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Summit Hotel Properties, Inc., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft






















Thomas W Storey 1850-1917 - Ancestry















 



The website you are about to visit is ProGenealogists®, operated by TGN Services, LLC, a subsidiary of Ancestry.


















Try FREE for 14 days







Thomas W Storey

                            Found 10 Records,  
9 Photos
                             and 
430,417 Family Trees
            

                 Born in Jackson, Georgia, USA on 1850 to William H Storey and Elizabeth Garner. Thomas W married Dollie Letticia Bailey and had 9 children. He passed away on 7 Nov 1917 in Stone, Arkansas, USA.
            



Family Members



Parents




William H Storey

1808-1870







Elizabeth Garner

1814-1885





Spouse(s)




Dollie Letticia Bailey

1835-1917





Children




William Jonathan Storey

1876-1956







John Mann Storey

1878-1967







Mary E Storey

1879-1898







Joseph Franklin Storey

1880-1967







Sarah Lou Storey

1882-Unknown







Walter Sumpter Storey

1884-1956







Robert Lee Storey

1885-1973







Fred Bailey Storey

1886-1960







Jefferson Davis Storey

1891-1973










Ready to discover your family story?
Simply start with yourself and we'll do the searching for you.





Your name



Last name



Age



Gender



Male



Female






Search Now



































Potential photos and documents for Thomas W Storey
View All 9 Images







Thomas Adams Storey





Thomas Adams Storey





Thomas Adams Storey





Thomas Adams Storey





Thomas Adams Storey





James W Storey





Thomas Storey





Thomas Storey





Eliza Amanda Storey










Top record matches for Thomas W Storey






Surname meaning for "Storey"
Northern English: from the Old Norse byname Stóri (from
stórr ‘big’), also used as a personal name in northern
England in the early Middle Ages.





More Resources

Search for historical records
Message Board for Storey surname
Ancestry members researching "Storey"
Learn more about Ancestry









We found  record(s)
                for  
                in our database.




View records
View all our records with a 14-Day FREE Trial




Your Search returned zero good matches
Why?

            Although there may be many good matches for your ancestor in our content, we can't
            return good matches without more information.
        
What should you do?

            Add details about your ancestor - even an educated guess can increase your chances
            of getting a high-quality match.
        





What else can you do on Ancestry?




                Discover your family history in millions of family trees and more than 11 billion
                birth, marriage, death, census, and military records.
            
Search historical records





                Start a free family tree online and let us do the searching for you! You'll get
                "hints" when we find info that matches your relatives.
            
Start a FREE family tree





                    With one simple test, you can discover your unique genetic origins and find family
                    you never knew you had.
                
Get AncestryDNA




















STOREY THOMAS W El Centro CA, 92243 - Cortera Company Profile
















cortera. business directory



Create
								Account
Login
Developers





Search Cortera for a Business









State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Puerto Rico
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming














Home
Business
							Directory
Legal Services
Storey Thomas W
Cortera Support: 866-589-0664







Storey Thomas W



654 W Main St

El Centro,
							
							
							 CA
							
							
							 92243-2920
							
							 |  view map


(760) 352-1311

www.tomstoreylaw.com


						Looking for more information? Sign
							up for FREE!







Company Overview

STOREY THOMAS W is in the Legal Services industry in El Centro, CA.  This company currently has approximately 1 to 5 employees  and  annual sales of Under $500,000.













Company Details

Location Type:
						Single Location
					

Industry:
						Legal Services
					

Ownership: Private
						
					

Year Founded:
						1995
					

Sales Range:
						Under $500,000
					

Employees:
						1 to 5


     
    
   
  

						Have fresher information?  Update
















Latest Company News







READ ALL COMPANY NEWS IN THE
									COMPLETE COMPANY CREDIT REPORT







Recent Company Alerts

Credit Risk Increase
No


Overall Payments
No


Peer Payments
No


Public Records
No


Financial News
No












								Alerts on more than 5,000 companies today,
								including:
							

RAM Enterprises Inc


Montgomery Marine Repair


Mitchell Industrial Contractors Inc


Ideal Construction CO


Southern Cleaning Service Inc


University of Alaska Fairbanks


Walbro


Coats Electric CO Inc


Barnes & Noble


Hammer & CO








Community Payment Ratings
















								LATEST COMMUNITY REVIEWS OF THIS COMPANY
								
							

Cortera is much more than an awesome business
									directory! It's an active community where real business people
									share the real deal on real businesses.

It's invaluable intel
										that's now available for FREE.



Get the inside scoop with ratings and reviews on Storey Thomas W
Rate Storey Thomas W on their
										payment behavior
									
Ask your network about Storey Thomas W
										with Cortera Circles
									


Join
										the Cortera Community for free today.
								








The information contained in this company profile is compiled from third party sources, including but not limited to public records, user submissions, and other commercially available data sources. These sources may not be accurate, complete, or up-to-date. 
Cortera makes no representations or warranties regarding, and assumes no responsibility for, the accuracy, completeness, or currency of the information contained herein. 
Cortera products are enabled by SOFIE™, our proprietary technology platform for rapid data processing, robust analytics and flexible data access.











© 2017 Cortera, Inc. All rights reserved.

Sitemap





Cortera Support: 866-589-0664 |
How Does it Work? |
Who
					Do We Help? |
Company Profiles |
Community
				|
Media
				|
About






Today's
					Hot Company Profiles

VORA SHAILESH C MD
VOLUNTEERS OF AMERICA INC
VOGT JAMES B MD
VOLUME REVERSAL SURVEY
VOORHEES ARIZONA TASTE INC
VUDEN INC
VOLTAIRE
VOLATUS MAXIMUS LLC
VOGUE
W & B TRUCKING INC

More
							Today's Hot Companies »



Recently
					Updated Companies

WESTERN SUN SHUTTLE INC
GOODY 2 SHOES
ADVENT I LLC
JL LOPER CONSTRUCTION
AIR CONDITIONING SEC
CONTORNO INC
SPIRES PHILLIP CONSTRUCTION
L & L MACHINE TOOL
POWERHOUSE INDUSTRIAL SUPPLY INC
CROSS COUNTY BANCSHARES INC

More
								Recently Updated Companies »



Recently
					Rated Company Profiles

MD THOMAS CONSTRUCTION LLC
IDEAL TRUE VALUE INC
GLOBAL MERCHANDISING INC
PANALPINA INC
LAW OFFICES OF SUSAN M SCHAUF
AZURADISC
JR BALL CONTRACTING GROUP INC
SUNSTAR HEATING & AIRE
SLT EXPRESS WAY INC
STINGER WELDING INC

More
								Recently Rated Companies »



Industry Directory




Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy





 
  
 

 

  


















Thomas W Storey in El Centro, CA 92243 - ChamberofCommerce.com




   =     


        









Sign Up
Sign In
Contact Us


 














Search
 

near
 













Home
» California
» El Centro
» Attorney Support Services
» Thomas W Storey













Thomas W Storey


0 Reviews

0.0000 stars - based on 0 reviews
                            





654 W Main St  El Centro, California 92243


(760) 353-7744


 



 

Print |
                Save |
                Directions


About
Thomas W Storey is located at the address 654 W Main St in El Centro, California 92243.  They can be contacted via phone at (760) 353-7744 for pricing, hours and directions.  Thomas W Storey specializes in Workers Compensation, Cheating Spouses, Personal Injury.  Thomas W Storey has an annual sales volume of 501K - 999,999.  .Thomas W Storey provides Litigation & Hearings, Financial Planning, Fingerprinting to it's customers.  For maps and directions to Thomas W Storey view the map to the right.  For reviews of Thomas W Storey see below.









Business Features

SERVICES


Commercial Services
, Litigation & Hearings
, Lie Detection Services
, Financial Planning
, Notary
, Background Checks
, Security Audits
, IT Security
, Power of Attorney
, Fingerprinting


 SPECIALTIES


Business & Corporate
, Corporate Investigation
, Accidents
, Social Security
, Abuse & Negligence
, Workers Compensation
, Criminal
, Cheating Spouses
, Wrongful Death
, Personal Injury



 


Information

CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (760) 353-7744
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Employee Size: 5 To 9
Exact Employee Count: 9
Exact Sales Volume: 500000
Location Type: Single Location
Sales Volume: 501K - 999,999
CATEGORIES:


Attorney Support Services
Professional Services
Legal Services



People Also Viewed


Rainbow Clown


431 Aurora Dr  El Centro, California 92243




Kerckhoff A Jason Law Offices


505 Southwind Dr  El Centro, California 92243




Donald J Cline Law Office


1501 Ototillo Dr Ste E  El Centro, California 92243




C C's Legal Svc


658 W Main St  El Centro, California 92243




ESQ


222 S 8th St  El Centro, California 92243





Reviews

Add


You must Sign in to post reviews.





by  on 






Click here to be the first to review this business...



0 Reviews
 























 






Site Map
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
About
Partners
Chamber Partner Program
Chamber Member Benefits




Top Cities:
Atlanta
Bronx
Brooklyn
Chicago
Cleveland
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Phoenix
Saint Louis
San Antonio
San Diego
San Jose


© 2017 CHAMBEROFCOMMERCE.COM












Law Office of Thomas W Storey                                                                                            - El Centro                                         , CA         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



CA



El Centro



Legal Services



Legal Services



                            Law Office of Thomas W Storey
                                    



 





















L 


Law Office of Thomas W Storey                                                                                           
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



654 W MAIN ST EL CENTRO, CA 92243
Get Directions



(760) 352-1311
www.tomstoreylaw.com                                                                                    





Business Info



 Founded 1998
 Incorporated CA
 Annual Revenue $868,564.00
 Employee Count 9
 Industries Legal Services
 Contacts Loui Anderholt                                                                                                          







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Law Office Of Thomas W Storey                                                                                            is located at 654 W Main St in El Centro and has been in the business of Legal Services since 1998. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







L

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

















Thomas Merton Seven Storey Mountain by Michael W. Higgins | NowYouKnowMedia








































































































JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
                    You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.                












 
 
 














Menu



Search



My Account






Cart


 


You have no items in your shopping cart.
 
 










Search Site

Search











Sign up for free coupon and new course specials









Help
Log In
My Account



 
 
 
 
 






 

 

 
 
 
 







Now You Know Media


 



 







 


 
 
 
 
 











Menu





Categories




 Home 
 About Us 
 New 
 All Programs 
 Professors 
 Sale Bundles 
 Featured 
 Log In 
 Log Out 
 



 




 
 
 











Home



Thomas Merton, The Seven Storey Mountain, and the Rest of the Story












Zoom

 


Sale Email to a Friend









3 Review(s)
|
Add Your Review







Thomas Merton, The Seven Storey Mountain, and the Rest of the Story




												Prof. Michael W. Higgins, Ph.D.											



Sacred Heart University



						12 Lectures (5 Discs) including Electronic Study Guide					


Video DVD Set:



Regular Price:

                    $209.95                


Special Price

                    $49.95                





Audio CD Set:



Regular Price:

                    $119.95                


Special Price

                    $29.95                





Audio MP3:



Regular Price:

                    $119.95                


Special Price

                    $29.95                












Availability: In stock

Price From:

Regular Price:

                    $119.95                


Special Price

                    $29.95                



 









*Media Type



Choose an Option...











   Loading...  






Qty:


Add to Cart












Bundle Options
Buy this product as a bundle and save!












						 Video Bundle: From Augustine to Chesterton and Beyond: Great Spiritual Autobiographies + Thomas Merton, The Seven Storey Mountain, and the Rest of the Story - 8 Discs Total
$89.95


Add to Cart














						 Audio Bundle: Thomas Merton, The Seven Storey Mountain, and the Rest of the Story + Mystics, Muslims, and Merton - 8 Discs Total
$39.95


Add to Cart








Recommended Products





Thomas Merton: A Spiritual Guide for the Twenty-First Century


Regular Price:

                    $119.95                


Special Price

                    $47.95                





Henri Nouwen: A Spirituality for the Wounded 
Price From:

Regular Price:

                    $119.95                


Special Price

                    $29.95                






 Other Programs by This Professor




                                            	Prof. Michael W. Higgins, Ph.D. 											





From Augustine to Chesterton and Beyond: Great Spiritual Autobiographies 



Thomas Merton, The Seven Storey Mountain, and the Rest of the Story



Henri Nouwen: A Spirituality for the Wounded 










Details
Topic Titles
About Your Presenter
Reviews

Details Details

Journey through the life and literary genius of Thomas Merton.
When Thomas Merton published The Seven Storey Mountain in 1948, no one could have expected it to become an international sensation. An autobiography of his conversion to Catholicism, it became a wildly popular bestseller, propelling this humble Trappist monk to literary fame. Today, it is widely regarded as a spiritual classic.
While it remains his most famous work, The Seven Storey Mountain is only the tip of the iceberg in Merton’s rich, multi-layered oeuvre. In Thomas Merton, The Seven Storey Mountain, and the Rest of the Story, you will join acclaimed Merton biographer Dr. Michael W. Higgins in exploring Merton’s compelling autobiographical literature. As you examine his journals, letters, novels, and poetry, you will encounter a brilliant portrait of the premier Catholic spiritual figure of the twentieth century.
As you will see, while  The Seven Storey Mountain established Thomas Merton as a prominent writer, he also felt that it presented a limited portrait of him. Indeed, his later autobiographical works, such as Conjectures of a Guilty Bystander and The Asian Journal, show a more mature and fully realized vision. The Seven Storey Mountain would establish many of Merton’s most powerful themes—his later works brought these themes to their apex.
In this course, you will examine the writings of this modern and post-modern chronicler of the soul’s unfolding. Encounter Thomas Merton—the man, monk, and mystic—today.
We especially recommend the video version of this course, which is filled with images of Thomas Merton’s life. Watch a preview here:

Photographs of Thomas Merton used with permission of the Merton Legacy Trust and the Thomas Merton Center, Bellarmine University.
Learn about downloadable programs.
Your Free Electronic Study Guide! When you order this course, we will send you a free electronic study guide that you can access in 3 convenient ways:
1) You can check your order confirmation email. It will include a link that enables you to download your guide.
2) The back of your program package also contains a copy of this link. You can access your guide by simply entering this URL into your browser.
3) Your case of CDs or DVDs will contain a copy of your electronic guide on CD. Simply insert this disc into your computer's CD/DVD drive to access your guide.

Topic Titles Topic Titles








Introduction to Thomas Merton
The Secular Journal of Thomas Merton
The Seven Storey Mountain, Part I
The Seven Storey Mountain, Part II
The Sign of Jonas 
Conjectures of a Guilty Bystander
A Vow of Conversation
The New Mexico, Alaskan, and West Coast Journals
The Asian Journal of Thomas Merton
The Restricted Journals of Thomas Merton
My Argument with the Gestapo: The Novel as Autobiography
The Seven Storey Mountain Revisited




About Your PresenterMichael W. Higgins, Ph.D., is the leading biographer of Thomas Merton and Henri Nouwen. He is a celebrated scholar, an award-winning author and documentarian, and the Vatican affairs specialist for the Globe and Mail and CTV Network. He is Professor of Religious Studies and Vice-President for Mission and Catholic Identity at Sacred Heart University. He is also a Senior Fellow of Massey College, University of Toronto. Previously, he served as the president of St. Jerome’s University in the University of Waterloo, and of St. Thomas University in New Brunswick.
Prof. Higgins has edited and co-edited, authored, and co-authored thirteen books including: Heretic Blood: The Spiritual Geography of Thomas Merton, The Jesuit Mystique, Power and Peril: The Catholic Church at the Crossroads, Stalking the Holy: The Pursuit of Saint-Making, and Genius Born of Anguish: The Life and Legacy of Henri Nouwen. Dr. Higgins is the recipient of many awards, including the 2013 Gold Medal for International Radio Documentaries awarded by the New York Festivals. He is a regular contributor to Commonweal and the Literary Review of Canada and a columnist for the Telegr...Michael W. Higgins, Ph.D., is the leading biographer of Thomas Merton and Henri Nouwen. He is a celebrated scholar, an award-winning author and documentarian, and the Vatican affairs specialist for the Globe and Mail and CTV Network. He is Professor of Religious Studies and Vice-President for Mission and Catholic Identity at Sacred Heart University. He is also a Senior Fellow of Massey College, University of Toronto. Previously, he served as the president of St. Jerome’s University in the University of Waterloo, and of St. Thomas University in New Brunswick.
Prof. Higgins has edited and co-edited, authored, and co-authored thirteen books including: Heretic Blood: The Spiritual Geography of Thomas Merton, The Jesuit Mystique, Power and Peril: The Catholic Church at the Crossroads, Stalking the Holy: The Pursuit of Saint-Making, and Genius Born of Anguish: The Life and Legacy of Henri Nouwen. Dr. Higgins is the recipient of many awards, including the 2013 Gold Medal for International Radio Documentaries awarded by the New York Festivals. He is a regular contributor to Commonweal and the Literary Review of Canada and a columnist for the Telegraph-Journal and the Irish Catholic. 
Praise for Michael Higgins
“Michael Higgins is a first rate public intellectual. His is among the most erudite and astute voices in matters of spirituality and culture that we have in North America today.” – Prof. Joseph Raab, Co-Editor of The Merton Annual
“Michael Higgins is a gifted writer and speaker whose work on major spiritual figures such as Thomas Merton, Henri Nouwen and others guarantees that his listener is in for a banquet of rich, spiritual, and life-giving fare.” – Paul M Pearson, Director, Thomas Merton Center
“Dr. Michael Higgins is truly one of the luminaries of the contemporary Catholic intellectual tradition which he has served and enhanced during his rich professional life as a writer and journalist. Consider any one of his numerous contributions to this essential feature of Catholic culture and be broadened, deepened, and enlightened in the wondrous richness of faith-filled engagement in the life of our world.” – Kathleen Deignan, C.N.D., Ph.D., President, International Thomas Merton SocietyLearn More About This ProfessorReviews

Customer Reviews (3)


*







Quality








Truly the most honest revelation of an individuals experience. Very inspiring and left me hungering for more of Thomas Merton.

Review by Chuck Beebe, Coatseville, PA USA
(Posted on 4/14/2015)



*







Quality








Prof Higgins had the real "dope," as Merton used to say. And he was enthusiastic.

Review by Thomas Hostomsky, New York, NY, USA
(Posted on 4/14/2015)



*







Quality








I appreciate Dr. Higgins' focus on understanding Nouwen--and Merton--as human beings with their own frailties and "growth edges:" no hagiographies here, but an appreciation for the gifts each one contributed to the deepening of the spiritual life in the post-modern era.

Review by Rev. Lawrence Hansen Portland, Oregon USA
(Posted on 4/14/2015)




Write Your Own Review

        Only registered users can write reviews. Please, log in or register 










 






Shop Categories



NewAll ProgramsVideoBundlesRetreatsThomas MertonHistorySpirituality & PrayerChurch TeachingFranciscan ProgramsJesuit ProgramsLiteraturePhilosophyScienceSaints and MysticsOld TestamentNew TestamentTheologyWorld ReligionsWorship & SacramentsProfessors 






New Customer Coupon




Click hereto receive a specialNew Customer Discount!












How PayPal Works














 

About Us
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions

 

Contact Us
Help/FAQ
Free Catalog

 

New Customer Coupon
Youtube
Facebook

  
 
 






© 2017 Now You Know Media.  All Rights Reserved.

 
 
 


 
 
 






