

Stowe Woodward Licensco LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 22, 2017 1:19 PM ET
Chemicals

Company Overview of Stowe Woodward Licensco LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Stowe Woodward Licensco LLC engages in the manufacture and supply of consumable products that are used in the production of paper. The company was incorporated in 1988 and is based in Westborough, Massachusetts. Stowe Woodward Licensco LLC operates as a subsidiary of Xerium Technologies Inc.


One Technology DriveWestborough, MA 01581United StatesFounded in 1988



Phone: 508-616-9468








Key Executives for Stowe Woodward Licensco LLC


Stowe Woodward Licensco LLC does not have any Key Executives recorded. 





Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 10x Technology LLC United States 20/20 Custom Molded Plastics,Ltd. United States 21st Century Plastics Corporation United States 2N2, Inc. United States 4th Generation Resins, LLC United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Stowe Woodward Licensco LLC, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























STOWE WOODWARD LICENSCO LLC - WESTBOROUGH, MA - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



MA



WESTBOROUGH



Business Services, Nec



Business Services, Nec



                            STOWE WOODWARD LICENSCO LLC
                                    



 





















S 


STOWE WOODWARD LICENSCO LLC
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



1 TECHNOLOGY DR STE 2 WESTBOROUGH, MA 01581
Get Directions



(508) 616-9468





Business Info



 Founded --
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $79,000.00
 Employee Count 1
 Industries Business Services, Nec
 Contacts MANUEL TARANO







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Stowe Woodward Licensco Llc has estimated annual revenues of $79,000.00 and also employs an estimated 1 employees. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







S

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

























 




Stowe Woodward Licensco LLC: CEO and Executives - Bloomberg








































  





















































































July 22, 2017 1:19 PM ET
Chemicals

Company Overview of Stowe Woodward Licensco LLC



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Key Executives for Stowe Woodward Licensco LLC
NameBoard RelationshipsTitleAgeThere is no Key Executives data available.
Stowe Woodward Licensco LLC Board Members*
NameBoard RelationshipsPrimary CompanyAgeThere is no Board Members data available.
Stowe Woodward Licensco LLC Executive Committees*
Committee NameChairpersonBoard RelationshipsMembersThere is no committee data available.
*Data is at least as current as the most recent Definitive Proxy.
Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



CEO COMPENSATION IN THIS INDUSTRY  Industry RangeSalary  316.6KBonus  231.3KTotal Short Term Compensation  401.1KTotal Value of Options  10.6MCompensation as of Fiscal Year   Stowe Woodward Licensco LLC CEO CompensationIndustry Average










INDUSTRY EXECUTIVE CHANGESLuster Industries Bhd Announces Redesignation of Encik Mohamed Shukri Bin Mohamed Zain from Chairman of Audit Committee to Member of Audit CommitteeJuly 21, 2017 5:33 AM ETLuster Industries Bhd. Appoints Phuah Cheng Peng as Executive DirectorJuly 21, 2017 5:33 AM ETLuster Industries Bhd. Appoints Encik Ahmad Kamal Bin S. Awab as Chairman of Audit CommitteeJuly 21, 2017 5:32 AM ETIndustrial Asphalts (Ceylon) Appoints Niroshan Dakshina Gunaratne as Executive Director, Effective Date July 31July 20, 2017 2:29 PM ETMercury Industries Berhad Announces Resignation of Sou Yong as Independent and Non Executive Member of Nomination CommitteeJuly 20, 2017 5:33 AM ETSponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Stowe Woodward Licensco LLC, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close






























STOWE WOODWARD LICENSCO LLC Raleigh NC, 27615 - Cortera Company Profile
















cortera. business directory



Create
								Account
Login
Developers





Search Cortera for a Business









State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Puerto Rico
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming














Home
Business
							Directory
Stowe Woodward Licensco LLC
Cortera Support: 866-589-0664







Stowe Woodward Licensco LLC



8537 Six Forks Rd, Ste 300

Raleigh,
							
							
							 NC
							
							
							 27615-6545
							
							 |  view map


(919) 526-1422

www.stowewoodward.com


						Looking for more information? Sign
							up for FREE!







Company Overview

STOWE WOODWARD LICENSCO LLC in Raleigh, NC.  This company currently has approximately 1 to 5 employees  and  annual sales of Under $500,000.













Company Details

Location Type:
						Single Location
					

Ownership: Private
						
					

Year Founded:
						2000
					

Sales Range:
						Under $500,000
					

Employees:
						1 to 5


     
    
   
  

						Have fresher information?  Update
















Latest Company News







READ ALL COMPANY NEWS IN THE
									COMPLETE COMPANY CREDIT REPORT







Recent Company Alerts

Credit Risk Increase
No


Overall Payments
No


Peer Payments
No


Public Records

Yes



Financial News
No












								Alerts on more than 5,000 companies today,
								including:
							

Glacial Lakes Energy LLC


James Community Funeral Home Inc


Universal Technical Institute Inc


Talbots


Dorchester Academy Inc


VA Medical


Stuart Allan & Associates Inc


Dicks Sporting Goods Inc


Michelin


Albertville Quality Foods








Community Payment Ratings
















								LATEST COMMUNITY REVIEWS OF THIS COMPANY
								
							

Cortera is much more than an awesome business
									directory!�It's an active community where real business people
									share the real deal on real businesses.

It's invaluable intel
										that's now available for FREE.



Get the inside scoop with ratings and reviews on Stowe Woodward Licensco LLC
Rate Stowe Woodward Licensco LLC on their
										payment behavior
									
Ask your network about Stowe Woodward Licensco LLC
										with Cortera Circles
									


Join
										the Cortera Community for free today.
								








The information contained in this company profile is compiled from third party sources, including but not limited to public records, user submissions, and other commercially available data sources. These sources may not be accurate, complete, or up-to-date. 
Cortera makes no representations or warranties regarding, and assumes no responsibility for, the accuracy, completeness, or currency of the information contained herein. 
Cortera products are enabled by SOFIE™, our proprietary technology platform for rapid data processing, robust analytics and flexible data access.











� 2017 Cortera, Inc. All rights reserved.

Sitemap





Cortera Support: 866-589-0664 |
How Does it Work? |
Who
					Do We Help? |
Company Profiles |
Community
				|
Media
				|
About






Today's
					Hot Company Profiles

VOLUNTEERS OF AMERICA INC
VOGUE
W & B TRUCKING INC
VOORHEES ARIZONA TASTE INC
VOLUME REVERSAL SURVEY
VOGT JAMES B MD
VOLATUS MAXIMUS LLC
VUDEN INC
VORA SHAILESH C MD
VOLTAIRE

More
							Today's Hot Companies �



Recently
					Updated Companies

CHAPMAN SCOTTSDALE AUTOPLEX LLC
WONDER JR HIGH SCHOOL
BAYOU FASTENERS & SUPPLY CO
DAVIS TRUE VALUE HARDWARE INC
SPECIALTY B SALES
BRISTYAN A
CITY OF WEST MEMPHIS
AUTO BODY SUPPLY
FARMERS FEED SERVICE
HOPPERS HAULING

More
								Recently Updated Companies �



Recently
					Rated Company Profiles

STINGER WELDING INC
GLOBAL MERCHANDISING INC
IDEAL TRUE VALUE INC
AZURADISC
SUNSTAR HEATING & AIRE
LAW OFFICES OF SUSAN M SCHAUF
SLT EXPRESS WAY INC
JR BALL CONTRACTING GROUP INC
PANALPINA INC
MD THOMAS CONSTRUCTION LLC

More
								Recently Rated Companies �



Industry Directory




Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy





 
  
 

 

  


















Stowe-Woodward Licensco Inc | Spartanburg, SC - Macrae's Blue Book






















America's Original Industrial Directory Since 1893 

Login











Home
News



Advertise With Us

Ultimate Marketing Bundle
Industrial B2B Search Engine Rankings
Industrial Directory Advertising




Get Listed
Why Us?
About Us







Company / 
						Product/Service




 

Search













Is This Your Company?

Stowe-Woodward Licensco Inc



Address:

140 Conway Black Rd
Spartanburg,  SC
,  29307-5403



Certification: ISO 9002:1994

Business Activity:
Manufacturer



Phone:
864-579-0610
Fax:
864-579-7484
Contact this Company


This company is located in the Eastern Time Zone and the office is currently
								Closed


Get a Free Quote from Stowe-Woodward Licensco Inc and other companies


Click here and Select a Product...LININGS: Rubber & Synthetic RubberRUBBER






Stowe-Woodward Licensco Inc Products:
Vulcanized rubber, Chlorinated rubber, Hydrochloride rubber, Cyclized rubber, Isomerized rubber, Thermplastic rubber, Rubber compound, Rubber and elastomers, Natural rubber, Processed and synthetic rubber, Elastomers, Thermoset plastics, Thermoplastic plastics




Estimated Shipping Rates from 	Spartanburg, South Carolina to

(Select State Below)
Alabama (AL) Alaska (AK) Arizona (AZ) Arkansas (AR) California (CA) Colorado (CO) Connecticut (CT) Delaware (DE) Florida (FL) Georgia (GA) Hawaii (HI) Idaho (ID) Illinois (IL) Indiana (IN) Iowa (IA) Kansas (KS) Kentucky (KY) Louisiana (LA) Maine (ME) Maryland (MD) Massachusetts (MA) Michigan (MI) Minnesota (MN) Mississippi (MS) Missouri (MO) Montana (MT) Nebraska (NE) Nevada (NV) New Hampshire (NH) New Jersey (NJ) New Mexico (NM) New York (NY) North Carolina (NC) North Dakota (ND) Ohio (OH) Oklahoma (OK) Oregon (OR) Pennsylvania (PA) Rhode Island (RI) South Carolina (SC) South Dakota (SD) Tennessee (TN) Texas (TX) Utah (UT) Vermont (VT) Virginia (VA) Washington (WA) West Virginia (WV) Wisconsin (WI) Wyoming (WY)


			These costs are an estimate and cannot be used as actual shipping costs. Please contact Stowe-Woodward Licensco Inc for a complete quote with shipping costs.
			




Shipment Type
Estimated Price


Pallet
$70


Crate
$70


Partial Flatbed
$740


Partial Dry Van
$820





Get a Free Quote from Stowe-Woodward Licensco Inc and other companies


Click here and Select a Product...LININGS: Rubber & Synthetic RubberRUBBER









Additional Info for Stowe-Woodward Licensco Inc



							Products - National
 

							Products - Local
 



Products offered by Stowe-Woodward Licensco Inc


LININGS: Rubber & Synthetic Rubber RUBBER



Products offered in South Carolina


					LININGS: Rubber & Synthetic Rubber - serving South Carolina 

					RUBBER - serving South Carolina 



  





MacRAE'S Recommended Suppliers


Rolltech Caoutchouc


Rolltech specializes in roller covering using rubber and polyurethane..
Alliance Rubber Company














Alliance Rubber Company produces the world’s finest rubber bands that offer a..
Elasto Proxy Inc.














Elasto Proxy designs and fabricates rubber products for automotive,..
Atlantic Rubber Company,  Inc.


At Atlantic Rubber we provide large-diameter O-Rings in a one-piece,..





Show All


Related Companies
					
					within
					
10 mi 20 mi 50 mi 100 mi 200 mi 500 mi


Relating Score



B

Brown Machinery Inc
6.7mi
319 S Prt Rd, Spartanburg
								

5


C

Goodyear Tire & Rubber Co
8.3mi
1095 Simuel Rd, Spartanburg
								

5


D

Mc Daniel Textiles
8.5mi
3317 Chesnee Hwy, Gaffney
								

5


E

A B Boyd Co
13mi
595 Wilcox Ave, Gaffney
								

5


F

Warptek LLC
14mi
275 Tucapau Rd, Wellford
								

5


G

Chemtura Corp
42mi
214 W Ruby Ave, Gastonia
								

5


H

Southern Gear Works Inc
43mi
2436 N Chester St, Gastonia
								

5


I

Ace Elastomers
46mi
320 Bryant Blvd, Rock Hill
								

5












Services
About MacRAE's
Quick links
Local Search Partners
Industrial Partners


Advertise With Us
Get Listed
Contact MacRAE'S BLUE BOOK

About Us
FAQ's
Partners
News
Testimonials


Link To Us
Data Products
Terms and Conditions
Site Map


Profile Canada


Canadian Trade Index 


 

Browse by Company:  
		A-B 
		C-E 
		F-J 
		K-O 
		P-S 
		T-Z 
		
		                 
		Browse by Heading:  
		A-C  
		D-K  
		L-R  
		S-Z




			© 2017 MacRAE'S. All rights reserved
			
Like us -


|
Join us -


|
Follow us -
















 








Stowe Woodward Licensco LLC | United States Courts Archive










Stowe Woodward Licensco LLC

























Case Details



CourtDistrict of Delaware - Bankruptcy
Docket number10-11033
Date case filed2010-03-30
Date case closed
Date of latest filing
Assigned toKevin J. Carey
Case cause
Nature of suit
Jury demand
Demand
Jurisdiction




Case Docket
Case Parties and Attorneys


Case Parties


Party: Stowe Woodward Licensco LLCParty type: Debtor
Attorney name: Jason M. MadronAttorney Contact:Richards, Layton & Finger, P.A.One Rodney SquareP.O. Box 551Wilmington, DE 19899302-651-7595Fax : 302-651-7701Email: [email protected]Attorney name: Mark D. CollinsAttorney Contact:Richards Layton & FingerOne Rodney SquarePO Box 551Wilmington, DE 19899302 651-7700Fax : 302-651-7701Email: [email protected]
Party: United States TrusteeParty type: U.S. Trustee844 King Street, Room 2207Lockbox #35Wilmington, DE 19899-0035302-573-6491





Case Docket


DocketItemDate FiledDocumentAvailableShortDescriptionLong Description

12010-03-30
Chapter 11 Voluntary Petition of Stowe Woodward Licensco LLC. Fee Amount $1039. Filed by Stowe Woodward Licensco LLC. (Collins, Mark) (Entered: 03/30/2010)
22010-03-30
Motion for Joint Administration Motion of Debtors for Entry of an Order Pursuant to Fed. R. Bankr. P. 1015(b) and Del. Bankr. L.R. 1015(b) Directing Joint Administration of Chapter 11 Cases Filed By Stowe Woodward Licensco LLC (Madron, Jason) (Entered: 03/30/2010)
32010-03-30
Receipt of filing fee for Voluntary Petition (Chapter 11)(10-11033) [misc,volp11a] (1039.00). Receipt Number 4520826, amount $1039.00. (U.S. Treasury) (Entered: 03/30/2010)
42010-03-31
Order Granting Motion For Joint Administration. An Order has been entered in this case directing the procedural consolidation and joint administration of the Chapter 11 cases of Xerium Technologies, Inc.; Xerium V(US) Limited; Xerium Asia, LLC; Weavexx, LLC; Xerium III(US) Limited; Stowe Woodward LLC; Woodward Licensco LLC; XTI LLC; Huyck Licensco Inc.; Xerium IV (US) Limited; Wangner Itelpa I LLC; Wangner Itelpa II LLC; Huyck.Wangner Austria GmbH; Xerium Italia S.p.A. The docket in Case No. 10-11031 (KJC) should be consulted for all matters affecting this case. Signed on 3/31/2010 (LMD) (Entered: 03/31/2010)

  

















     Stowe Woodward Licensco LLC
 – Underwriting Agreements     – BamSEC


































Toggle navigation

















                                Product 


Features
Product Details
Help Center
Pricing


Contact

Log In


Free Trial








            Stowe Woodward Licensco LLC
        


 Watch 








Warning: Large portions of this site require JavaScript enabled in order to function properly. Please make sure JavaScript is enabled in your browser.
Please let us know at support@bamsec.com if you have any questions or concerns.





 Categorized
            

 Chronological
            

 Ownership by Owner
            

 Transcripts
            

 Your Highlights
            

Search in Documents









Key Exhibits

Articles of Inc. & Bylaws
Credit Agreements
Indentures
Material Contracts
Plans of Reorganization
Underwriting Agreements

External Links



                    SEC EDGAR
                    






        Underwriting Agreements
    

No filings in this category.

See an issue? Let us know.







×
Report an Issue




What is the issue?



Your email

Optional. Fill in if you would like to receive a reply from us.




Cancel
Report Issue










×
Report Submitted


Thank you for reporting the issue. If you have provided an email address, we will be in touch shortly.



Close









×
Report Not Submitted


Sorry, your submission did not go through. This could be due to a network error or, if you are at an investment bank, your company disallowing issue report submissions.



Cancel
Try again?










Free Trial


Features


© 2017 BamSEC, Inc.
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Browse






















Industrial roll with multiple sensor arrays - Stowe Woodward Licensco, LLC

































Login
                    
Sign up
                    









Search
                            





                                    Expert Search


                                    Quick Search








Patents/Apps
                                




                                    Non-Patent Literature
                                












SEARCH


                            RESEARCH



                            MPEP 2.0



                            TOOLS & RESOURCES
                        



                            ACCLAIM IP
                        


HELP






 

















Title:


                    Industrial roll with multiple sensor arrays                





                European Patent EP2392728            

                Kind
                Code:
            

                B1            















Inventors:

                            Gustafson, Eric J. (119 Cheifton Place,, Winchester,
Virginia 22602, US)                
                            Reaves, Sam (121 Oak Ridge Drive, Stephens City,
Virginia 22655, US)                
                            Pak, Kisang (479 Northlake Drive 108, San Jose
CA 95117, US)                




Application Number:

            EP20110168671        



Publication Date:

            08/07/2013        



Filing Date:

            06/03/2011        



Export Citation:

 Click for automatic bibliography
                generation 




Assignee:

                            Stowe Woodward Licensco, LLC (8537 Six Forks Road Suite 300, Raleigh NC North Carolina 27615, US)                




International Classes:

D21F3/06; D21F3/08 





View Patent Images:

Download PDF EP2392728                 
                  PDF help









Foreign References:



5699729Roll having means for determining pressure distribution20021792702004053758 








Attorney, Agent or Firm:

                            Popp, Eugen (Meissner, Bolte & Partner GbR Postfach 86 06 24, 81633 München, DE)                





Claims:

            1. An industrial roll (120, 220), comprising:
a substantially cylindrical core having an outer surface;
a polymeric cover circumferentially overlying the core outer surface; and
a sensing system, characterised in that the sensing system comprises:
a plurality of sensors comprising a first set of sensors (1301, 2301) and a second set of sensors (1302, 2302) at least partially embedded in the polymeric cover and arranged in a helical configuration around the roll, wherein the sensors are configured to sense an operating parameter experienced by the roll and provide signals related to the operating parameter, and wherein the sensors of the first sensor set are distinct from the sensors of the second sensor set;
a first signal carrying member (1281, 2282) serially connecting the first set of sensors;
a second signal carrying member (1282, 2282) serially connecting the second set of sensors; and
a signal processing unit (131, 32) operatively associated with the first and second signal carrying members, wherein the signal processing unit is configured to selectively monitor the signals provided by the first and second set of sensors.                    
                    2. The industrial roll of Claim 1, wherein the sensors of the first sensor set (1301, 2301) and the sensors of the second sensor set (1302, 2302) alternate within the helical configuration.                    
                    3. The industrial roll of Claim 2, wherein the first signal carrying member (1281, 2281) bypasses the sensors of the second sensor set (1302, 2302), and wherein the second signal carrying member (1282, 2282) bypasses the sensors of the first sensor set.                    
                    4. A combination of the industrial roll of Claim 1 with a mating structure (150) positioned relative to the industrial roll to form a nip (152) therewith, wherein the sensing system is configured such that no more than one sensor of the first sensor set (1301, 2301) and no more than one sensor of the second sensor set (1302, 2302) is positioned in the nip simultaneously.                    
                    5. The combination according to Claim 4, wherein the mating structure (150) is a shoe of a shoe press.                    
                    6. The industrial roll of Claim 1 , wherein each sensor is located at a distinct axial and circumferential position.                    
                    7. The industrial roll of Claim 1, wherein the signal processing unit (131, 32 ) is configured to alternately monitor the signals from the first set of sensors (1311, 2311) and the signals from the second set of sensors (1312, 2312).                    
                    8. The industrial roll of Claim 1, wherein the operating parameter is pressure.                    
                    9. The industrial roll of Claim 1, wherein the first set of sensors (1311, 2311) define a first helix angle (θ1) around the roll, wherein the first helix angle (θ1) is defined by an angle between a circumferential position of a first endmost sensor (2301A) in the first set of sensors (1311, 2311) and a circumferential position of a second endmost sensor (2301B) in the first set of sensors (1311, 2311) relative to the axis of rotation of the roll; and
wherein the second set of sensors (1312, 2312) define a second helix angle (θ2) around the roll, and wherein the second helix angle (θ2) is defined by an angle between a circumferential position of a first endmost sensor (2302A) in the second set of sensors (1312, 2312) and a circumferential position of a second endmost sensor (2302B) in the second set of sensors (1312, 2312) relative to the axis of rotation of the roll.                    
                    10. The industrial roll of Claim 9, wherein the sensors of the first set of sensors (1311, 2311) and the sensors of the second set of sensors (1312, 2312) are axially spaced apart from each other.                    
                    11. The industrial roll of Claim 9, wherein the first and second helix angles (θ1, θ2) are substantially equal.                    
                    12. The industrial roll of Claim 9, wherein the first and. second helix angles (θ1, θ2) are each less than 180 degrees.                    
                    13. A method of measuring an operating parameter experienced by an industrial roll (120, 220) comprising:
providing an industrial roll according to Claim 1, and
rotating the roll with a mating structure (150) positioned relative to the industrial roll to form a nip (152) therewith such that no more than one sensor of the first sensor set (1311, 2311) and no more than one sensor of the second sensor set (1312, 2312) is positioned in the nip simultaneously.                    
                    14. The method of Claim 13, further comprising alternately monitoring the signals from the first set of sensors (1311, 2311) and the signals from the second set of sensors (1312, 2312).                    
                    15. The method of Claim 13, further comprising transmitting data from the first set of sensors and the second set of sensors (1281, 2281, 1282, 2282) to create an operating parameter profile.                    




Description:

RELATED APPLICATIONSThis application claims priority from U.S. Provisional Patent Application No. 61l3S1,499, filed June 4, 2010. FIELD OF THE INVENTIONThis invention relates to industrial rolls, and more particularly to rolls for papermaking. BACKGROUNDIn a typical papermaking process, a water slurry, or suspension, of cellulosic fibers (known as the paper "stock") is fed onto the top of the upper run of an endless belt of woven wire and/or synthetic material that travels between two or more rolls. The belt, often referred to as a "forming fabric," provides a papermaking surface on the upper surface of its upper run which operates as a filter to separate the cellulosic fibers of the paper stock from the aqueous medium, thereby forming a wet paper web. The aqueous medium drains through mesh openings of the forming fabric, known as drainage holes, by gravity or vacuum located on the lower surface of the upper run (i.e., the "machine side") of the fabric. After leaving the forming section, the paper web is transferred to a press section of the paper machine, where it is passed through the nips of one or more presses (often roller presses) covered with another fabric, typically referred to as a "press felt." Pressure from the presses removes additional moisture from the web; the moisture removal is often enhanced by the presence of a "batt" layer of the press felt. The paper is then transferred to a dryer section for further moisture removal. After drying, the paper is ready for secondary processing and packaging. Cylindrical rolls are typically utilized in different sections of a papermaking machine, such as the press section. Such rolls reside and operate in demanding environments in which they can be exposed to high dynamic loads and temperatures and aggressive or corrosive chemical agents. As an example, in a typical paper mill, rolls are used not only for transporting the fibrous web sheet between processing stations, but also, in the case of press section and calender rolls, for processing the web sheet itself into paper. Typically rolls used in papermaking are constructed with the location within the papermaking machine in mind, as rolls residing in different positions within the papermaking machines are required to perform different functions. Because papermaking rolls can have many different performance demands, and because replacing an entire metallic roll can be quite expensive, many papermaking rolls include a polymeric cover that surrounds the circumferential surface of a typically metallic core. By varying the material employed in the cover, the cover designer can provide the roll with different performance characteristics as the papermaking application demands, Also, repairing, regrinding or replacing a cover over a metallic roll can be considerably less expensive than the replacement of an entire metallic roll. Exemplary polymeric materials for covers include natural rubber, synthetic rubbers such as neoprene, styrene-butadiene (SBR), nitrile rubbers, chlorosulfonated polyethylene ("CSPE" - also known under the trade name HYPALON from DuPont), EDPM (the name given to an ethylene-propylene terpolymer formed of ethylene-propylene diene monomer), polyurethane, thermoset composites, and thermoplastic composites. In many instances, the roll cover will include at least two distinct layers: a base layer that overlies the core and provides a bond thereto; and a topstock layer that overlies and bonds to the base layer and serves the outer surface of the roll (some rolls will also include an intermediate "tie-in" layer sandwiched by the base and top stock layers). The layers for these materials are typically selected to provide the cover with a prescribed set of physical properties for operation. These can include the requisite strength, elastic modulus, and resistance to elevated temperature, water and harsh chemicals to withstand the papermaking environment. In addition, covers are typically designed to have a predetermined surface hardness that is appropriate for the process they are to perform, and they typically require that the paper sheet "release" from the cover without damage to the paper sheet. Also, in order to be economical, the cover should be abrasion- and wear-resistant. As the paper web is conveyed through a papermaking machine, it can be very important to understand the pressure profile experienced by the paper web. Variations in pressure can impact the amount of water drained from the web, which can affect the ultimate sheet moisture content, thickness, and other properties. The magnitude of pressure applied with a roll can, therefore, impact the quality of paper produced with the paper machine. Other properties of a roll can also be important. For example, the stress and strain experienced by the roll cover in the cross machine direction can provide information about the durability and dimensional stability of the cover. In addition, the temperature profile of the roll can assist in identifying potential problem areas of the cover. It is known to include pressure and/or temperature sensors in the cover of an industrial roll. For example, U.S. Patent No. 5,699,729 to Moschel et al. describes a roll with a helically-disposed leads that includes a plurality of pressure sensors embedded in the polymeric cover of the roll. The sensors are helically disposed in order to provide pressure readings at different axial locations along the length of the roll. Typically the sensors are connected by a signal carrying member that transmits sensor signals to a processor that processes the signals and provides pressure and position information. More particularly, as each sensor passes through a nip, the sensor becomes loaded and emits a signal. The sensor then becomes unloaded after it passes through the nip. However, the sensors are serially connected by the signal carrying member, and sensor signals can overlap or superimpose if more than one sensor is passing through a nip at the same time. Accordingly, the system may not produce an accurate pressure profile in certain applications. The sensor signals can overlap in extended or wide nip applications. For example, an industrial roll can be positioned relative to a mating structure, such as a shoe of a shoe press, to form a relatively wide nip therewith. In this instance, at least adjacent sensors can be located in the nip at the same time, and this can result in erroneous measurements. Signals can also overlap or be superimposed in applications in which a roll is positioned so as to mate with multiple mating structures, thereby creating multiple nips. Exemplary applications include grouped rolls in a press section and rolls in a calendering section. In these instances, at least one sensor can be in each nip at a particular time. Again, this can result in erroneous measurements. SUMMARYAs a first aspect, embodiments of the present invention are directed to an industrial roll. The industrial roll includes: a substantially cylindrical core having an outer surface; a polymeric cover circumferentially overlying the core outer surface; and a sensing system. The sensing system includes: a plurality of sensors comprising a first set of sensors and a second set of sensors at least partially embedded in the polymeric cover and arranged in a helical configuration around the roll, wherein the sensors are configured to sense an operating parameter experienced by the roll and provide signals related to the operating parameter, and wherein the sensors of the first sensor set are distinct from the sensors of the second sensor set; a first signal carrying member serially connecting the first set of sensors; a second signal carrying member serially connecting the second set of sensors; and a signal processing unit operatively associated with the first and second signal carrying members, wherein the signal processing unit is configured to selectively monitor the signals provided by the first and second set of sensors. As a second aspect, embodiments of the present invention are directed to an industrial roll. The industrial roll includes: a substantially cylindrical core having an outer surface; a polymeric cover circumferentially overlying the core outer surface; and a sensing system. The sensing system includes: a first signal carrying member serially connecting a first set of sensors at least partially embedded in the polymeric cover and arranged in a first helical configuration defined by a first helix angle around the roll, wherein the sensors are configured to sense an operating parameter experienced by the roll and provide signals related to the operating parameter, and wherein the first helix angle is defined by an angle between a circumferential position of a first endmost sensor in the first set of sensors and a circumferential position of a second endmost sensor in the first set of sensors relative to the axis of rotation of the roll; a second signal carrying member spaced apart from the first signal carrying member, the second signal carrying member serially connecting a second set of sensors at least partially embedded in the polymeric cover and arranged in a second helical configuration defined by a second helix angle around the roll, wherein the sensors are configured to sense an operating parameter experienced by the roll and provide signals related to the operating parameter, and wherein the second helix angle is defined by an angle between a circumferential position of a first endmost sensor in the second set of sensors and a circumferential position of a second endmost sensor in the second set of sensors relative to the axis of rotation of the roll; and a signal processing unit operatively associated with the first and second signal carrying members, wherein the signal processing unit is configured to selectively monitor the signals provided by the first and second set of sensors. As a third aspect, embodiments of the present invention are directed to a method of measuring an operating parameter experienced by an industrial roll. The method includes providing an industrial roll, including: a substantially cylindrical core having an outer surface; a polymeric cover circumferentially overlying the core outer surface; and a sensing system. The sensing system includes: a plurality of sensors comprising a first set of sensors and a second set of sensors at least partially embedded in the polymeric cover and arranged in a helical configuration around the roll, wherein the sensors are configured to sense an operating parameter experienced by the roll and provide signals related to the operating parameter; a first signal carrying member serially connecting a first set of sensors; a second signal carrying member serially connecting a second set of sensors; and a signal processing unit operatively associated with the first and second signal carrying members, wherein the signal processing unit is configured to selectively monitor the signals provided by the first and second set of sensors. The method further includes rotating the roll with a mating structure positioned relative to the industrial roll to form a nip therewith such that no more than one sensor of the first sensor set and no more than one sensor of the second sensor set is positioned in the nip simultaneously. As a fourth aspect, embodiments of the present invention are directed to a method of measuring an operating parameter experienced by an industrial roll. The method includes providing an industrial roll, including: a substantially cylindrical core having an outer surface; a polymeric cover circumferentially overlying the core outer surface; and a sensing system. The sensing system includes: a first signal carrying member serially connecting a first set of sensors embedded in the polymeric cover and arranged in a first helical configuration defined by a first helix angle around the roll, wherein the sensors are configured to sense an operating parameter experienced by the roll and provide signals related to the operating parameter, and wherein the first helix angle is defined by an angle between a circumferential position of a first endmost sensor in the first set of sensors and a circumferential position of a second endmost sensor in the first set of sensors relative to the axis of rotation of the roll; a second signal carrying member spaced apart from the first signal carrying member, the second signal carrying member serially connecting a second set of sensors embedded in the polymeric cover and arranged in a second helical configuration defined by a second helix angle around the roll, wherein the sensors are configured to sense an operating parameter experienced by the roll and provide signals related to the operating parameter, and wherein the second helix angle is defined by an angle between a circumferential position of a first endmost sensor in the second set of sensors and a circumferential position of a second endmost sensor in the second set of sensors relative to the axis of rotation of the roll; and a signal processing unit operatively associated with the first and second signal carrying members, wherein the signal processing unit is configured to selectively monitor the signals provided by the first and second set of sensors. The method further includes rotating the roll with a first mating structure positioned relative to the roll to form a first nip therewith and with a second mating structure positioned relative to the roll to form a second nip therewith such that no more than one sensor of the first sensor set is positioned in the first nip and the second nip simultaneously and no more than one sensor of the second sensor set is positioned in the first nip and the second nip simultaneously. BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF THE DRAWINGSFigure 1 is a gage view of a prior art roll and associated defecting system. Figure 2 is a cross-sectional view of the roll of Figure 1. Figure 3 is an end perspective view of a portion of the roll of Figure 1 and sensors thereon serially connected by a signal carrying member. Figure 4 is a graph illustrating an exemplary signal transmitted by the signal carrying member of Figure 3. Figure 5 is a graph illustrating an alternative exemplary signal transmitted by the signal carrying member of Figure 3. Figure 6 is an end perspective view of a portion of a roll and sensors thereon connected by a plurality of signal carrying members according to some embodiments of the invention. Figure 7 is an end view of the roll of Figure 6 positioned relative to a mating structure to form a nip therewith. Figure 8 is an end perspective view of a roll and sensors thereon connected by a plurality of signal carrying members according to some embodiments of the invention. Figures 9 and 10 are end views of configurations in which the roll of Figure 8 may be positioned relative to multiple mating structures to form multiple nips therewith. Figure 11 is a block diagram illustrating components for the transmission of data from the signal carrying members of Figures 6 and 8. Figure 12 is a flowchart illustrating operations according to some embodiments of the invention. Figures 13 and 14 are graphs illustrating exemplary signals transmitted by the signal carrying members of Figures 6 and 8. DETAILED DESCRIPTION OF EMBODIMENTS OF THE INVENTIONThe present invention will be described more particularly hereinafter with reference to the accompanying drawings. The invention is not intended to be limited to the illustrated embodiments; rather, these embodiments are intended to fully and completely disclose the invention to those skilled in this art. In the drawings, like numbers refer to like elements throughout. Thicknesses and dimensions of some components may be exaggerated for clarity. Well-known functions or constructions may not be described in detail for brevity and/or clarity. Referring now to the figures, a conventional roll, designated broadly at 20, is illustrated in Figure 1. The roll 20 includes a cylindrical core 22 (Figure 2) and a cover 24 (typically formed of one or more polymeric materials) that encircles the core 22. A sensing system 26 for sensing an operating parameter (e.g., pressure, temperature, nip width, etc.) includes a signal carrying member 28 and a plurality of sensors 30, each of which is at least partially embedded in the cover 24. As used herein, a sensor being "embedded" in the cover means that the sensor is entirely contained within the cover, and a sensor being "embedded" in a particular layer or set of layers of the cover means that the sensor is entirely contained within that layer or set of layers. The sensing system 26 also includes a processor 32 that processes signals produced by the sensors 30. The core 22 is typically formed of a metallic material, such as steel or cast iron. The core 22 can be solid or hollow, and if hollow may include devices that can vary pressure or roll profile. The cover 24 can take any form and can be formed of any polymeric and/or elastomeric material recognized by those skilled in this art to be suitable for use with a roll. Exemplary materials include natural rubber, synthetic rubbers such as neoprene, styrenebutadiene (SBR), nitrile rubber, chlorosulfonated polyethylene ("CSPE" - also known under the trade name HYPALON), EDPM (the name given to an ethylene-propylene terpolymer formed of ethylene-propylene diene monomer), epoxy, and polyurethane. The cover 24 may also include reinforcing and filler materials, additives, and the like. Exemplary additional materials are discussed in U.S. Patent Nos. 6,328,681 to Stephens, 6,375,602 to Jones, and 6,981,935 to Gustafson. The roll 20 can be manufactured in the manner described, for example, in U.S. Patent Application Publication No. 2005/0261115 to Moore et al. and co-pending U.S. Patent Application No. 12/489,711 to Pak. As described in these applications, the cover 24 may comprise multiple layers. For example, the core 22 may be covered with an inner base layer, and the signal carrying member 28 and sensors 30 may then be positioned and adhered in place. An outer base layer may then be applied and a topstock layer may be applied over the outer base layer. The present invention is intended to include rolls having covers 24 that include only a base layer and top stock layer as well as rolls having covers with additional intermediate layers. Any intermediate layers may be applied over the outer base layer prior to the application of the topstock layer. In some embodiments, the sensors 30 may be at least partially embedded in a layer. In some other embodiments, the sensors 30 may be between two layers such that the sensors 30 are on top of one layer and covered by a second, different layer. The completed roll 20 and cover 24 can then be used in, for example, a papermaking machine. In some embodiments, the roll 20 is part of a nip press, wherein one or more rolls or pressing devices are positioned adjacent the roll 20 to form one or more nips through which a forming paper web can pass. In such environments, it can be important to monitor the pressure experienced by the cover 24, particularly in the nip area(s). The sensing system 26 can provide pressure information for different axial locations along the cover 24, with each of the sensors 30 providing pressure information about a different axial location on the roll 20. In some other embodiments, the roll 20 is part of a calendering section to provide a finish to the paper product. It is noted that, in calendering applications, the roll cover may be polymeric, cotton, or chilled iron, with the sensors at least partially embedded in the cover. Still referring to Figure 1, the sensors 30 of the sensing system 26 are suitable for detecting an operating parameter of the roll 20, such as pressure. The sensors 30 can take any shape or form recognized by those skilled in this art, including piezoelectric sensors, optical sensors, and the like. Exemplary sensors are discussed in U.S. Patent Nos. 5,562,027 to Moore; 5,699,729 to Moschel et al.; 6,429,421 to Meller; 6,981,935 to Gustafson; and 7,572,214 to Gustafson, U.S. Patent Application Publication No. 2005/0261115 to Moore et al., and co-pending U.S. Patent Application Nos. 12/488,753 to Pak and 12/489,711 to Pak. The signal carrying member 28 of the sensing system 26 can be any signal-carrying member recognized by those skilled in this art as being suitable for the passage of electrical signals in a roll. In some embodiments, the signal carrying member 28 may comprise a pair of leads, each one contacting a different portion of each sensor 30, as described, for example, in the aforementioned U.S. Patent Application No. 12/489,711 to Pak. The sensing system 26 includes a multiplexer 31 or other data collection device mounted to the end of the roll 20. The multiplexer 31 receives and collects signals from the sensors 30 and transmits them to a processor 32. The processor 32 is typically a personal computer or similar data exchange device, such as the distributive control system of a paper mill, that is operatively associated with the sensors 30 and that can process signals from the sensors 30 into useful, easily understood information. In some embodiments, a wireless communication mode, such as RF signaling, is used to transmit the data collected from the sensors 30 from the multiplexer 31 to the processor 32. Other alternative configurations include slip ring connectors that enable the signals to be transmitted from the sensors 30 to the processor 32. Suitable exemplary processing units are discussed in U.S. Patent Nos. 5,562,027 and 7,392,715 to Moore, 5,699,729 to Moschel et al., and 6,752,908 to Gustafson et al. In operation, the roll 20 and cover 24 rotate about the axis of the roll 20 at very high speeds. Each time one of the sensors 30 passes through a nip created by the roll 20 and a mating roll or press, the sensor 30 will transmit a pulse generated by the pressure the mating roll exerts on the area of the roll 20 above the sensor 30. When no sensor 30 is present in the nip, no significant pulses beyond the level of general noise are generated. Thus, as the roll 20 rotates, each sensor 30 travels through the nip and provides pulses representative of the pressure at its corresponding location. Consequently, data in the form of pulses is generated by the sensors 30, transmitted along the signal carrying member 28, and received in the multiplexer 31. In a typical data retrieval session, 10-30 pulses are received per sensor 30; these individual pulses can be stored and processed into representative pressure signals for each sensor 30. Once the raw sensor data is collected, it is sent from the multiplexer 31 to the processor 32 for processing into an easily understood form, such as a pressure profile of the roll 20 along its length. Figure 3 illustrates a portion of the roll 20 including the sensors 30 serially connected by the signal carrying member 28. The sensors 30 are typically evenly spaced axially (although in some applications, such as rolls used in the production of tissue, the sensors may be more concentrated near the ends of the roll). Typically, one helix curves fully around the roll 20 such that each sensor 30 is positioned at a unique axial and circumferential position, thereby allowing an operating parameter to be measured at each position. Helical sensor configurations are described in more detail in the aforementioned U.S. Patent No. 5,699,729 to Moschel et al. and the aforementioned U.S. Patent Application Publication No. 2005/0261115 to Moore et al. Figure 4 is a graph illustrating an exemplary signal transmitted from the signal carrying member 28. As each sensor 30 enters a nip, it becomes loaded and emits a pulse represented by one of the inverted peaks P in the signal. Each sensor 30 becomes unloaded as it leaves the nip. A baseline B is established between the inverted peaks P. Nip pressure is determined by pulse height or amplitude, which is the difference between the inverted peaks P and the baseline B. Ideally, and as illustrated in Figure 4, all sensors 30 will be unloaded such that a consistent baseline B is established between the peaks P. However, this will not be the case when the roll 20 is used in certain applications in which more than one sensor 30 is partially or fully loaded at the same time. Because the signal carrying member 28 serially connects the sensors 30, there is only one signal which is the sum of the output from all the sensors 30. Figure 5 is a graph illustrating another exemplary signal transmitted by the signal carrying member 28 in which the pulses P overlap. In this example, adjacent sensors 30 are partially loaded at the same time. This alters the baseline B (i.e., shifts the baseline downward) and therefore reduces the pulse height, resulting in erroneous measurements. This problem may occur in extended or wide nip applications. The sensor system of the roll 20 illustrated in Figures 1 and 3 may be appropriate for nips approximately 1 inch wide, such as some nips formed between two rolls in a press section. However, extended or wide nips, such as those formed when the roll mates with a shoe of a shoe press, can be up to 10 inches wide, and can sometimes be even wider. As a result, in these applications, pulses from at least two adjacent sensors 30 can overlap. The angular or circumferential spacing between adjacent sensors 30 could be increased; however, this would result in a reduced total number of sensors 30 and a profile with large void spaces between measurement locations (sensor positions). Figure 6 illustrates an embodiment that can overcome the problems encountered in wide nip applications. A roll 120 includes a sensing system including a first set of sensors 1301 and a second set of sensors 1302. The sensors 1301 of the first set are distinct from the sensors 1302 of the second set. The sensors 1301, 1302 are arranged in helical configurations around the roll 120. Each sensor 1301, 1302 is configured to sense an operating parameter (e.g., pressure) experienced by the roll 120 and provide signals related to the operating parameter. The sensing system also includes first and second signal carrying members 1281, 1282. The first signal carrying member 1281 serially connects the first set of sensors 1301 and the second signal carrying member 1282 serially connects the second set of sensors 1302. In the illustrated embodiment, the axial distance between adjacent sensors 1301 of the first set is increased (e.g., doubled) as compared to the axial distance between adjacent sensors 30 of the roll 20 illustrated in Figures 1 and 3. Likewise, the axial distance between adjacent sensors 1302 of the second set is increased (e.g., doubled) as compared to axial distance between adjacent sensors 30 of the roll 20. This configuration can increase the time between the signal peaks from adjacent sensors of an individual signal carrying member 1281, 1282. These increased durations can eliminate the overlapping signals that can be encountered from sensors serially connected by a single signal carrying member. The sensing system also includes a signal processing unit or device that is operatively associated with the first signal carrying member 1281 (and therefore the first set of sensors 1301) and the second signal carrying member 1282 (and therefore the second set of sensors 1302). The signal processing unit or device is configured to selectively monitor (or receive data from) the signals provided by the first and second set of sensors 1301, 1302. In some embodiments, the signal processing unit or device is configured to alternately monitor (or receive data from) the first signal carrying member 1281 and the second signal carrying member 1282. The signal processing unit or device is described in more detail below. In some embodiments, and as illustrated in Figure 6, the sensors 1301 of the first set and the sensors 1302 of the second set alternate within the helical configuration. The first signal carrying member 1281 can bypass the sensors 1302 of the second set and the second signal carrying member 1282 can bypass the sensors 1301 of the first set. As used herein, a signal carrying member "bypassing" one or more sensors means that the signal carrying member docs not contact the one or more sensors. The signal carrying member may bypass a sensor by passing above, below, and/or around the sensor. The signal carrying member may be at least partially embedded at a different depth in the cover of the roll as the particular sensor being bypassed (e.g., in the case of a signal carrying member passing above or below the sensor) or may be at least partially embedded at the same or substantially the same depth in the cover of the roll as the particular sensor being bypassed (e.g., in the case of a signal carrying member passing around the sensor). As illustrated, the first signal carrying member 1281 may "curve" around the sensors 1302 of the second set and the second signal carrying member 1282 may "curve" around the sensors 1301 of the first set. Figures 13 and 14 are graphs illustrating exemplary signals transmitted from signal carrying members 1281 and 1282, respectively. As described above, and as shown in Figure 13, the time between pulses P1 from adjacent sensors 1301 increases due to the increased axial spacing of sensors 1301. This helps to ensure that the pulses P1 do not overlap, and likewise helps to ensure that a proper baseline B1 is established. Similarly, as shown in Figure 14, the time between pulses P2 from adjacent sensors 1301 increases due to the increased axial spacing of sensors 1302, and this helps to ensure that the pulses P2 do not overlap and helps to ensure that a proper baseline B2 is established. After monitoring the signal from the first set of sensors 1301 (e.g., after the pulse P1 but before the pulse P3), the processor 132 can switch and monitor the signal from the second set of sensors 1302 (e.g., the pulse P2 illustrated in Figure 10). The processor 132 may switch between monitoring the first and second set of sensors 1301, 1302 in various ways. In some embodiments, the processor 132 is configured to alternately monitor the signals from the first set of sensors 1301 and the second set of sensors 1302. Therefore, by employing multiple sets of sensors that can be selectively monitored, erroneous measurements due to pulse overlapping can be minimized or prevented and sensor coverage on the roll is not compromised, thereby allowing for an accurate and comprehensive roll profile. As described above, the roll 120 can be particularly useful when positioned relative to a mating structure to form a relatively wide nip therewith. To illustrate, Figure 7 shows mating structure 150 (for example, a shoe of a shoe press) positioned relative to the roll 120 to form a relatively wide nip 152 therewith. The sensing system described above can be configured such that no more than one sensor 1301 of the first sensor set and no more than one sensor 1302 of the second sensor set is positioned in the nip 152 simultaneously. Although two sets of sensors and two signal carrying members have been described in detail above and illustrated in Figure 6, it is envisioned that more than two sensor sets could be employed as needed, with each sensor set connected by an individual signal carrying member. More than two sensor sets may be needed, for example, in applications involving particularly wide nips. Rolls and sensing systems such as the one illustrated in Figures 1 and 3 can also be incompatible with multiple nip configurations. Examples of such configurations are grouped rolls in a press section (Figure 9) and calender sections (Figure 10). In Figure 9, press rolls 202, 203 are positioned relative to press roll 201 to form nips N1, N2 therewith. Similarly, in Figure 10, calender rolls 802, 803 are positioned relative to calender roll 801 to form nips N4, N5 therewith. If the roll 20 (as illustrated in Figures 1 and 3) were used in place of roll 201 (or roll 801), at least one sensor 30 may be at least partially loaded in each nip N1, N2 (or each nip N4, N5) at a particular time during operation. This can result in at least two signals overlapping or being superimposed because the sensors 30 are all serially connected by the signal carrying member 28. In the case of overlapping signals, the baseline may be altered as described in more detail above. Moreover, superimposed signals can lead to confusion as to which signal corresponds to which nip. To overcome the problem of at least one sensor being loaded in more than one nip simultaneously, the angular or circumferential spacing of the sensors 30 shown in Figures 1 and 3 could be reduced. This would in turn reduce the helix angle defined by sensors 30 such that the helix formed by the sensors 30 would not wrap completely around the roll 20. However, to maintain the same number of sensors, the axial spacing between adjacent sensors would need to be reduced. This may lead to the same problems described above with regard to extended or wide nip applications, i.e., more than one sensor could be positioned in a single nip at the same time and signals may overlap. Figure 8 illustrates an embodiment that can overcome these problems associated with multiple nip configurations. A roll 220 includes sensing system including a first signal carrying member 2281 serially connecting a first set of sensors 2301. The sensors 2301 are configured to sense an operating parameter (e.g., pressure) experienced by the roll 220 and provide signals related to the operating parameter. The first signal carrying member 2281 is arranged in a first helical configuration defined by a first helix angle θ1 around the roll 220. The first helix angle θ1 is defined by an angle between an angular or circumferential position of a first endmost sensor 2301A and an angular or circunferential position of a second endmost sensor 2301B relative to the axis of rotation R of the roll 220. The sensing system of the roll 220 also includes a second signal carrying member 2282 spaced apart from the first signal carrying member 2281. The second signal carrying member 2282 serially connects a second set of sensors 2302. The sensors 2302 are configured to sense an operating parameter (e.g., pressure) experienced by the roll 220 and provide signals related to the operating parameter. The first signal carrying member 2282 is arranged in a second helical configuration defined by a second helix angle θ2 around the roll 220. The second helix angle θ2 is defined by an angle between an angular or circumferential position of a first endmost sensor 2302A and an angular or circumferential position of a second endmost sensor 2302B relative to the axis of rotation R of the roll 220. The sensing system of the roll 220 also includes a signal processing unit or device operatively associated with the first and second signal carrying members 2281, 2282, The signal processing unit or device is configured to selectively monitor the signals transmitted by the first signal carrying member 2281 (and therefore provided by the first set of sensors 2301) and the signals transmitted by the second signal carrying member 2282 (and therefore provided by the second set of sensors 2302). In some embodiments, the signal processing unit or device is configured to alternately monitor the signals transmitted by the first signal carrying member 2281 and the signals transmitted by the second signal carrying member 2282. The signal processing unit or device is described in more detail below. In the illustrated embodiment, the angular spacing between adjacent sensors 2301 of the first sensor set is reduced and the angular spacing between adjacent sensors 2302 of the second sensor set is reduced. This configuration may prevent more than one sensor associated with a particular signal carrying member 2281, 2281 from being positioned in more than one nip simultaneously. Furthermore, the axial spacing between adjacent sensors 2301 of the first sensor set is increased and the axial spacing between adjacent sensors 2302 of the second sensor set is increased. This may prevent more than one sensor associated with a particular signal carrying member 2281, 2282 from being positioned in more the same nip simultaneously. It is noted that only nine sensors (five sensors 2301 of the first sensor set and four sensors 2302 of the second sensor set) have been illustrated in Figure 9 to provide clarity. It is envisioned that fewer or more sensors could be used. For example, there may be 11 sensors 2301 and 10 sensors 2302. There may also be an equal number of sensors 2301, 2302. Furthermore, it is envisioned that the helix angles θ1, θ2 may be less than or greater than as illustrated. For example, one or both of the helix angles θ1, θ2 may be greater than illustrated such that the respective signal carrying members 2281, 2282 "curve around" the roll 220 more than as illustrated. Moreover, although two sets of sensors and two signal carrying members are described in detail herein and illustrated in Figure 8, it is envisioned that more than two sensor sets could be employed as needed, with each sensor set connected by an individual signal carrying member. The sensors 2301 and the sensors 2302 can be axially staggered relative to one another to prevent any "voids" in a roll profile and therefore allow for a comprehensive profile. For example, the sensors 2302 of the second set can have an axial position midway or approximately midway between the sensors 2301 of the first set. In some embodiments, the first and second helix angles θ1, θ2 may be substantially equal. Thus, the signal carrying members 2281, 2282 may be substantially parallel. The spacing between the signal carrying members 2281, 2282 may vary depending on the helix angles θ1,θ2 employed. In some embodiments, the helix angles θ1, θ2 do not overlap; therefore, the sensors 2301 of the first sensor set span a first circumferential portion of the roll 220 and the sensors 2302 of the second sensor set span a second, different circumferential portion of the roll 220. As described above, the roll 220 may be particularly useful when positioned relative to more than one mating structure to form more than one nip therewith. In some embodiments, a first mating structure is positioned relative to the industrial roll 220 to form a first nip therewith and a second mating structure is positioned relative to the industrial roll 220 to form a second nip therewith. The sensing system can be configured such that no more than one sensor 2301 of the first sensor set is positioned in the first nip and the second nip simultaneously and no more than one sensor 2302 of the second sensor set is positioned in the first nip and the second nip simultaneously. By way of example, and referring to Figure 9, press rolls 201 and 203 can be positioned relative to press roll 201 to form respective nips N1, N2 therewith. Roll 201 may assume the configuration of roll 220 illustrated in Figure 8 such that no more than one sensor 2301 is positioned in the nip N1 and the nip N2 at the same time and no more than one sensor 2302 is positioned in the nip N1 and the nip N2 at the same time. By way of further example, and referring to Figure 10, calender rolls 802 and 803 can be positioned relative to calender roll 801 to form respective nips N4, N5 therewith. Roll 801 may assume the configuration of roll 220 illustrated in Figure 8 such that no more than one sensor 2301 is positioned in the nip N4 and the nip N5 at the same time and no more than one sensor 2302 is positioned in the nip N4 and the nip N5 at the same time. In some embodiments, the first and second helix angles θ1, θ2 are less than or equal to an angle defined by the first and second nips. Referring to Figure 9, for example, the nip N1 and the N2 define an angle β1 therebetween. The angle β1 is measured relative to the axis of rotation R of roll 201, which is normal to the page. The first and second helix angles θ1, θ2 may be less than or equal to the angle β1 to help ensure that no more than one sensor 2301 of the first sensor set is positioned in the nips N1 and N2 simultaneously and no more than one sensor 2302 of the second sensor set is positioned in the nips N1 and N2 simultaneously. Still referring to Figure 9, it is noted that groups of press rolls may include one or more additional rolls, such as roll 204. In this regard, press rolls 201 and 204 may be positioned relative to press roll 202 to form respective nips N1, N3 therewith. Roll 202 may then assume the configuration of roll 220 illustrated in Figure 8 such that no more than one sensor 2301 is positioned in the nip N1 and the nip N3 at the same time and no more than one sensor 2302 is positioned in the nip N1 and the nip N3 at the same time. The use of more than one sensor array may also be advantageous in that monitoring may continue even if one (or more) of the arrays stops functioning. For example, if one of the signal carrying members 1281,1282 illustrated in Figure 6 breaks, the sensors connected by the other of the signal carrying members 1281, 1282 may still provide signals. The same may apply for the signal carrying members 2281, 2282 illustrated in Figure 8. Turning now to Figure 11, system components for use with the rolls 120, 220 arc illustrated. In particular, Figure 11 illustrates how data may flow from the sensors (or the signal carrying members) to a user. As described above, the rolls 120, 220 can include a plurality of signal carrying members (e.g., 1281, 1282, 1283, 128N). The signal carrying members may be electrically coupled to one or more multiplexers 131. The one or more multiplexers 131 may be electrically coupled to a signal conditioning unit 84. The signal conditioning unit 84 may transmit conditioned signals representing the measured operating parameter (e.g., pressure) to the processor 32. The link between the signal conditioning unit 84 and the processor 32 may be a wireless data transmitter 86. Alternatively, the signal conditioning unit 84 and the processor 32 may be hardwired. The processor 32 may transmit data to a user interface unit 88. For example, the user interface unit 88 may include a display, a printer, and the like. The user interface unit 88 may be configured to present data in a user-friendly manner (e.g., a roll pressure profile may be displayed to the user). The processor 32 may be hardwired to the user interface unit 88 or data may be transmitted wireressly. It is noted that, although not shown, there may be an amplifier and/or an analog-to-digital converter after the multiplexer(s) 131 and before data is stored to memory. Data may be stored to memory because data may be created faster than it can be wirelessly transmitted. For example, where used, the signal conditioning unit 84 may include a microprocessor buffer in which data is stored before it is transmitted to the processor 32. In some embodiments, the buffer is partitioned such that a certain amount of space is reserved for each signal carrying member. For example, if there are two signal carrying members 1281, 1282, the buffer may be partitioned such that one-half or about one-half of the buffer is reserved for data transmitted from the first signal carrying member 1281 and one-half or about one-half of the buffer is reserved for data transmitted from the second signal carrying member 1282. A user may send a command to collect data at the user interface unit 88. The multiplexer 131 (or a first multiplexers 131) may be set to receive signals transmitted from the first signal carrying member 1281 and one-half or about one-half the buffer may be filled with data from the first signal carrying member 1281. The multiplexer 31 may then switch (or a second multiplexer 131 may be set) to receive signals transmitted from the second signal carrying member 1282 and the remainder of the buffer may be filled with data from the second signal carrying member 1282. At this point, all the data may be transmitted to the processor 132. The data may then be sent to the user interface 88 in an appropriate format. In some other embodiments, the buffer can be filled with data from one signal carrying member at a time. For example, if there are two signal carrying members 1281, 1282, upon command from a user, the data processor 32 may first request data from the first signal carrying member 1281. The multiplexer 131 (or a first multiplexer 131) may be set to receive signals transmitted from the first signal carrying member 1281 and the buffer may be filled with data from the first signal carrying member 1281. The data from the first signal carrying member 1281 may then transmitted to the processor 32. Before providing the data to the user interface 88, the multiplexer 131 may then switch (or a second multiplexer 131 may be set) to receive signals transmitted from the second signal carrying member 1282 and the buffer may be filled with data from the second signal carrying member 1282. The data from the second signal carrying member 1282 may then transmitted to the data processor 32, at which point the processor 32 may combine the two sets of data to create a pressure profile at the user interface 88, for example. As described above, the sensing systems of the rolls 120, 220 include a signal processing unit or device operatively associated with the signal carrying members and configured to selectively monitor the signals transmitted from the signal carrying members (or provided by the sensors associated therewith). In various embodiments, the signal processing unit or device may include one or more of the components illustrated in Figure 11, such as the multiplexer(s) 131, the signal conditioning unit 84, the wireless data transmitter 86, the processor 32, and/or the user interface device 88. Methods of measuring an operating parameter experienced by an industrial roll according to some embodiments of the invention are illustrated in Figure 12. A roll is provided including at least a first signal carrying member serially connecting a first set of sensors and a second signal carrying member serially connecting a second set of sensors (Block 300). The roll may take the form of either of rolls 120, 220 described above. In particular, the roll can include any of the features described above in reference to rolls 120, 220. In some embodiments, the roll is rotated with a mating structure positioned relative to the roll to form a nip therewith such that no more than one sensor of the first sensor set and no more than one sensor of the second sensor set is positioned in the nip simultaneously (Block 305). In some other embodiments, the roll is rotated with a first mating structure positioned relative to the roll to form a first nip therewith and with a second mating structure positioned relative to the roll to form a second nip therewith such that no more than one sensor of the first sensor set is positioned in the first nip and the second nip simultaneously and no more than one sensor of the second sensor set is positioned in the first nip and the second nip simultaneously (Block 310). In some embodiments, the signals from the first sensor set and the signals from the second sensor set can be alternately monitored and/or transmitted. The data from the first set of sensors and the second set of sensors can be transmitted to create an operating parameter (e.g., pressure) profile. 





<- Previous Patent (Method and device fo...)   |   Next Patent (Belt assembly and me...) ->










Home


Search


Services


Communities


Help


Contact us

Advertise on this Site










            © 2004-2017 FreePatentsOnline.com. All rights reserved.
            Privacy Policy
                & Terms of Use.
A SumoBrain Solutions Company


 


















     Stowe Woodward Licensco LLC
 – Material Contracts     – BamSEC


































Toggle navigation

















                                Product 


Features
Product Details
Help Center
Pricing


Contact

Log In


Free Trial








            Stowe Woodward Licensco LLC
        


 Watch 








Warning: Large portions of this site require JavaScript enabled in order to function properly. Please make sure JavaScript is enabled in your browser.
Please let us know at support@bamsec.com if you have any questions or concerns.





 Categorized
            

 Chronological
            

 Ownership by Owner
            

 Transcripts
            

 Your Highlights
            

Search in Documents









Key Exhibits

Articles of Inc. & Bylaws
Credit Agreements
Indentures
Material Contracts
Plans of Reorganization
Underwriting Agreements

External Links



                    SEC EDGAR
                    






        Material Contracts
            

Filter












            EX-10.56
        


                    from S-4
                

                            2 pages                    
            Amendment #[ ] to Employment Agreement
        

12/34/56





            EX-10.41
        


                    from S-4
                

                            10 pages                    
            Amendment No. 3 to Employment Agreement
        

12/34/56





See an issue? Let us know.







×
Report an Issue




What is the issue?



Your email

Optional. Fill in if you would like to receive a reply from us.




Cancel
Report Issue










×
Report Submitted


Thank you for reporting the issue. If you have provided an email address, we will be in touch shortly.



Close









×
Report Not Submitted


Sorry, your submission did not go through. This could be due to a network error or, if you are at an investment bank, your company disallowing issue report submissions.



Cancel
Try again?










Free Trial


Features


© 2017 BamSEC, Inc.
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Browse
















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











 QuickCorps.Com | Form an LLC or incorporate for business online today
































Incorporate Now















Launch Your Business 
With Speed And Value


Packages starting at $39 plus state filing fees.
Free 1st Year Registered Agent. 
All orders include free shipping.

Get Started











Start Your Business In 3 Easy Steps






1


Select a Package
We provide a side by side comparison of each of our packages. Select the package that is most suitable to your business needs.






2


Complete Order Form
Provide information about your company based on the selected state of incorporation.






3


Receive Your Documents
We do the work for you to draft your articles and work with the state to file your company. Upon completion we will mail your filed company formation documents to the address you provide.






What's included in each package?
See Plans & Pricing









How Does it Work

Once your order is placed we will begin processing the formation of your company. If additional information is required we will contact you for the necessary information. We handle your formation from beginning to end and make sure that your formation is filed quickly and correctly.





Review  Order Details

Every new order is reviewed for accuracy and conformity to state filing guidelines.



Name  Availability Search

A thorough name search is conducted with the state to ascertain the availability of the company name.



Prepare  and File Documents

Articles of Incorporation / Organization are prepared and delivered to the governing state agency.



Deliver  Filed Documents

The filed articles along with any additional services are mailed to the client.












Get a Quick Quote







Select Entity Type
LLC
S-Corporation
C-Corporation
Nonprofit






Select State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
Washington DC
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming








Get Started Now














How can we help you?



Client Support 





Name *



Email Address *



Phone Number *



Message *





Send Message



Thanks for your message! We'll get back to you as soon as we can.

Send Other











Incorporate Your Business Online  | incorporate.com










































































                        






    
    	877.583.4570
    
	


                    

                        






    
    	800.818.6082
    
	


                    





Click to call

                        






    
    	866.514.1346
    
	


                    






It's amazing what three letters can do.
Adding "Inc." or "LLC" to your business' name is more than a good look. It protects your personal assets, creates tax advantages, and much more.












Let's get to it.



Where are you incorporating?
AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming




How are you incorporating?
LLC
S Corporation
C Corporation
Non-Profit Corporation


get started



									Is your shipping address outside the U.S.? 
								










Get Started
Form your business in a few simple steps. Choose the entity type for your company, conduct a business name search and start your new business today!


Stay on Track
Our Registered Agent Service is a lot like having a reliable employee dedicated to keeping your company compliant. You can count on us to monitor your company's status and ensure that you meet critical time-sensitive deadlines.


Rely on Us As You Grow
We're in the business to help your business grow. Our teams are well-versed in the needs of business owners and can help address common challenges throughout the lifecycle of your company.






Proud to be Featured in













Get the download on corporations, LLCs, and more.
download the free guide





Destination: Delaware  No matter where you're headquartered, incorporating in Delaware could be a great move for your balance sheet.
find out more








One,


two,


three,


incorporated.






Pick a business type.
Decide how you want to incorporate.



LLC 



The Perfect First Step. A great way to start out, protect your personal assets, and potentially grow if you aren't interested in offering stock. Get more information.
get incorporated





C Corporation 



Hello, Wall Street. In addition to personal asset protection, the C Corporation structure creates unlimited growth potential by allowing for the issue of any class of stock to any number of investors. Get more information.
get incorporated





S Corporation 



One Big Perk. Lots of Strings. This structure allows your company to become exempt from federal income taxes, but at the cost of additional rules and limitations. Get more information.
get incorporated





Nonprofit 



You Know Who You Are. When you're in business to do good, a nonprofit offers rock-solid personal asset protection, tax benefits, and more. Get more information.
get incorporated








get incorporated





Share some details.
Our application process is as simple and seamless as they come. Just give us the vital info about yourself and your business, and then our knowledgeable business experts will take it from there. And if you have any questions during the process, we're here day or night to talk it out.
get incorporated









Become official.
After handling all the filing and legwork, we'll let you know the instant your business is officially incorporated. Plus, our Registered Agents are available for the long haul, ready to help however they can.
get incorporated










•
•
•








Don't take it from us.






"Your company made it very easy for me to get an LLC and it saved me a lot of time and frustration."

Terri McLeanWoodbridge, VA 2014





"The process was very simple and the price was great!"

Marilyn FieldsMiddletown, NY 2014





"TCC has been the easiest and most complete service I've used. Great customer support and an amazing range of services offered at the best prices. Add to that the Compliance Watch service and it just can't be beat."

Ashton E. SmithFairfield, CT 2015



















Let's get to it.



Where are you incorporating?
AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming




How are you incorporating?
LLC
S Corporation
C Corporation
Non-Profit Corporation


get started














Learn
Startup Wizard
Incorporate 101
Forming an LLC
LLC vs. Corporation
Business Licenses
Business Coaching




About Us
Our Story
Contact
Site Map




Events & Programs
International
Webinars
Affiliate Program











incorporate-logo-white-tcc

















































No dumb questions.
          We know there's a lot to consider when incorporating. That's why our business experts are here to help from 





8 a.m. to 8 p.m. ET, Monday through Thursday, and 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. ET, Friday. Call 
          
              
              
                  
                      






    
    	866.514.1346
    
	


                  

                      






    
    	800.818.6082
    
	


                  


contact us



























©  incorporate.com. All rights reserved. Privacy | Legal
incorporate.com is a service company and does not offer legal or financial advice.









LOADING







×
Want a free Business Formation Guide?
















By entering your telephone number and clicking "Grab Your Free Guide," you agree to let us follow up with you at this phone number regarding this and other services, or simply call us at 800.818.6082 to speak to someone who can help you.




Grab Your Free Guide













































LLC vs. Inc | Differences Between LLC & Inc  | incorporate.com

































































                        






    
    	877.583.4570
    
	


                    

                        






    
    	800.818.6082
    
	


                    




LLC vs. Corporation: What's the Difference?


Getting Started


Incorporate Now


Business Startup Wizard


Limited Liability Company(LLC)


S Corporation


C Corporation


Comparison Chart


Business Licenses


Employer ID Number (EIN)


Learn More


Benefits of Incorporating


Start-up Tasks


Corporation vs LLC


Bylaws & Operating Agreements


State Guides


eBooks


Business Coaching


Annual Report


Contact Us











You can think of these as two different company structures with very different tax requirements. Whichever way you choose to go, you're going to look more legit than the other guys. So just take a minute to consider your short-and long-term business goals to figure out which structure is best for you.
Advantages and Disadvantages
A limited liability company is a type of business structure that offers personal liability protections and a few tax advantages to boot. The "LL" in LLC is what protects your personal assets in the event of a judgment against your company. Corporations offer limited liability as well, so we're going to focus on the structural and taxation differences in the chart below.



Advantages of an LLC
Advantages of a Corporation




 No limit on the number of owners
 May issue shares of stock to attract investors


 Profit and loss are passed through to the owners' individual tax returns
 Corporate income splitting may help lower overall tax liability


 No annual meeting or minute book requirements
 






Disadvantages of an LLC
Disadvantages of a Corporation




 Cannot engage in corporate income splitting to lower tax liability
 C corp tax structure requires double taxation of corporate profits (s corp's does not)


 Cannot issue stock
 Must hold annual meetings and record minutes


 
 S corporations have restrictions on the number of owners



LLC or Corporation: Which One Is Right for Me?
Business goals aren't one size fits all, and neither is incorporating. When deciding which kind of corporation fits your business strategy, consider some of the differences that each kind offers. And take a deeper dive with our comprehensive comparison chart.
Find out which corporation is right for your business with our business wizard!
Learn More About Legal Business Structures
Regardless of which business structure you choose, incorporate.com can help you incorporate or form an LLC online or by phone in minutes.

Limited Liability Company (LLC) 
C Corporation 
S Corporation
Nonprofit Corporation
Professional Corporation 
Series LLC
Limited Partnership


Ready to Form Your Business?
get started





Let's get to it.

Incorporate in any state, starting as low as

$79

plus state fees

Get Started






Download a Free Business Formation Guide




First Name



Last Name



Email






Primary Phone






By entering your telephone number and clicking "Continue," you agree to let us follow up with you at this phone number regarding this and other services, or simply call us at 800-818-6082 to speak to someone who can help you. Your personal information will remain private.


















Let's get to it.



Where are you incorporating?
AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming




How are you incorporating?
LLC
S Corporation
C Corporation
Non-Profit Corporation


get started














Learn
Startup Wizard
Incorporate 101
Forming an LLC
LLC vs. Corporation
Business Licenses
Business Coaching




About Us
Our Story
Contact
Site Map




Events & Programs
International
Webinars
Affiliate Program











incorporate-logo-white-tcc

















































No dumb questions.
          We know there's a lot to consider when incorporating. That's why our business experts are here to help from 





8 a.m. to 8 p.m. ET, Monday through Thursday, and 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. ET, Friday. Call 
          
              
              
                  
                      






    
    	866.514.1346
    
	


                  

                      






    
    	800.818.6082
    
	


                  


contact us



























©  incorporate.com. All rights reserved. Privacy | Legal
incorporate.com is a service company and does not offer legal or financial advice.









LOADING






































Incorporate Your Business Online  | incorporate.com










































































                        






    
    	877.583.4570
    
	


                    

                        






    
    	800.818.6082
    
	


                    





Click to call

                        






    
    	866.514.1346
    
	


                    






It's amazing what three letters can do.
Adding "Inc." or "LLC" to your business' name is more than a good look. It protects your personal assets, creates tax advantages, and much more.












Let's get to it.



Where are you incorporating?
AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming




How are you incorporating?
LLC
S Corporation
C Corporation
Non-Profit Corporation


get started



									Is your shipping address outside the U.S.? 
								










Get Started
Form your business in a few simple steps. Choose the entity type for your company, conduct a business name search and start your new business today!


Stay on Track
Our Registered Agent Service is a lot like having a reliable employee dedicated to keeping your company compliant. You can count on us to monitor your company's status and ensure that you meet critical time-sensitive deadlines.


Rely on Us As You Grow
We're in the business to help your business grow. Our teams are well-versed in the needs of business owners and can help address common challenges throughout the lifecycle of your company.






Proud to be Featured in













Get the download on corporations, LLCs, and more.
download the free guide





Destination: Delaware  No matter where you're headquartered, incorporating in Delaware could be a great move for your balance sheet.
find out more








One,


two,


three,


incorporated.






Pick a business type.
Decide how you want to incorporate.



LLC 



The Perfect First Step. A great way to start out, protect your personal assets, and potentially grow if you aren't interested in offering stock. Get more information.
get incorporated





C Corporation 



Hello, Wall Street. In addition to personal asset protection, the C Corporation structure creates unlimited growth potential by allowing for the issue of any class of stock to any number of investors. Get more information.
get incorporated





S Corporation 



One Big Perk. Lots of Strings. This structure allows your company to become exempt from federal income taxes, but at the cost of additional rules and limitations. Get more information.
get incorporated





Nonprofit 



You Know Who You Are. When you're in business to do good, a nonprofit offers rock-solid personal asset protection, tax benefits, and more. Get more information.
get incorporated








get incorporated





Share some details.
Our application process is as simple and seamless as they come. Just give us the vital info about yourself and your business, and then our knowledgeable business experts will take it from there. And if you have any questions during the process, we're here day or night to talk it out.
get incorporated









Become official.
After handling all the filing and legwork, we'll let you know the instant your business is officially incorporated. Plus, our Registered Agents are available for the long haul, ready to help however they can.
get incorporated










•
•
•








Don't take it from us.






"Your company made it very easy for me to get an LLC and it saved me a lot of time and frustration."

Terri McLeanWoodbridge, VA 2014





"The process was very simple and the price was great!"

Marilyn FieldsMiddletown, NY 2014





"TCC has been the easiest and most complete service I've used. Great customer support and an amazing range of services offered at the best prices. Add to that the Compliance Watch service and it just can't be beat."

Ashton E. SmithFairfield, CT 2015



















Let's get to it.



Where are you incorporating?
AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming




How are you incorporating?
LLC
S Corporation
C Corporation
Non-Profit Corporation


get started














Learn
Startup Wizard
Incorporate 101
Forming an LLC
LLC vs. Corporation
Business Licenses
Business Coaching




About Us
Our Story
Contact
Site Map




Events & Programs
International
Webinars
Affiliate Program











incorporate-logo-white-tcc

















































No dumb questions.
          We know there's a lot to consider when incorporating. That's why our business experts are here to help from 





8 a.m. to 8 p.m. ET, Monday through Thursday, and 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. ET, Friday. Call 
          
              
              
                  
                      






    
    	866.514.1346
    
	


                  

                      






    
    	800.818.6082
    
	


                  


contact us



























©  incorporate.com. All rights reserved. Privacy | Legal
incorporate.com is a service company and does not offer legal or financial advice.









LOADING







×
Want a free Business Formation Guide?
















By entering your telephone number and clicking "Grab Your Free Guide," you agree to let us follow up with you at this phone number regarding this and other services, or simply call us at 800.818.6082 to speak to someone who can help you.




Grab Your Free Guide













































Get Started in Any State  | incorporate.com




















































 Click to Complete by Phone



				CLOSE
				

















                        






    
    	877.583.4570
    
	


                    

                        






    
    	800.818.6082
    
	


                    












Select a State for Your New Business Entity
Select a State
Many businesses incorporate in their home states, but there are advantages to selecting other states.




Please Select
AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming




										Is your shipping address outside the U.S.? 
									



Continue





Choose the Type of Entity You'd Like to Form
Choose an Entity Type
LLC is the most popular entity type for small businesses, but it's not for everyone. We've provided descriptions of some common entity types to help you choose.










{{entity.type}}







{{ entity.type }}
{{ entity.description }}

 {{list}}

Frequently Asked Questions 


Packages starting at

${{entity.price | numberTwoDecimalsUnlessTrailingZeros}}
$

Plus State Fees

{{entity.discountCode}}
{{entity.intlDiscountCode}}

Select














								Need help selecting a state for your new business entity?
							

Choosing Your Home State
Why Delaware is the 'Best'



Top States to incorporate in



27% of customers select
										Delaware
									


12% of customers select
										California
									


10% of customers select
										Florida
									


6% of customers select
										New York
									


5% of customers select
										Nevada
									


5% of customers select
										Texas
									








 






        incorporate.com keeps my deadlines organized. The customer service is outstanding and those who have helped me have been nice, professional, and incredibly helpful. 
        
Susan C. – Washington, DC – 4/14/2015














 


The Corporate Veil Guarantee is not available to residents of North Carolina.
©2017 incorporate.com. All rights reserved. 
incorporate.com is a service company and does not offer legal or financial advice. 



Legal
Privacy










LOADING







×





Create









×




Along with picking the right entity type for your business, it's important to consider which state to incorporate in.
For most small business owners, the choice is simple: they incorporate in the state where their company is physically located, known as 'home state incorporation.' However, there are good reasons to consider forming your corporation or LLC in certain other states, including tax advantages, streamlined judicial processes, and easier business filing requirements.
For example, many business owners choose to incorporate in Delaware, which is a favored business jurisdiction for the previously mentioned and other reasons.

Delaware is widely considered to be one of the nation's most business-friendly jurisdictions. There are a number of reasons to incorporate your small business in Delaware, including:

Well-established and flexible business laws
Low franchise tax on small businesses
No tax on capital stock or assets
No state sales tax
A special business court (Court of Chancery) that minimizes the time and cost of commercial litigation
No residency requirement for shareholders, directors, and officers of a corporation or members or managers of an LLC























×
Just a few details and we'll get you started.

















By entering your telephone number and clicking "continue," you agree to let us follow up with you at this phone number regarding this and other services, or simply call us at 800.818.6082 to speak to someone who can help you.






Close


Continue














We just need a few details.
Is this the correct email address?

Thanks! Check your inbox for an email from incorporate.com. When you're ready to continue your order, simply click the link and it will be here waiting.





										Fill out the form below and click "save & send". Then check your inbox for an email with your quote details and a link to resume your order at a later time.
									

										If you would like to change your email address, edit it below and click "save & send". Then check your inbox for an email with your quote details and a link to resume your order at a later time.
									















Please Select Country
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua And Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Bahamas
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Croatia
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
East Timor
Ecuador
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard And Mc Donald Islands
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Korea, Republic of
Latvia
Lesotho
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova, Republic Of
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
Neutral Zone
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Niue
Norfolk Island
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Palau
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Reunion
Romania
Saint Kitts And Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Vincent And The Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome And Principe
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
South Africa
Spain
Sri Lanka
St. Helena
St. Pierre And Miquelon
Suriname
Svalbard And Jan Mayen Islands
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Tanzania, United Republic Of
Thailand
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad And Tobago
Tunisia
Turks And Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
United Kingdom
United States
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Uruguay
Vatican City State (Holy See)
Viet Nam
Virgin Islands (British)
Virgin Islands (U.S.)
Wallis And Futuna Islands
Western Sahara
Zaire
Zambia












											By providing your telephone number(s) and clicking save and send, you expressly authorize incorporate.com to contact you at the telephone number(s) above, regarding any order(s) or to introduce marketing offers, using automated telephone dialing systems. You are not required to provide this consent in order to purchase goods or services.
										



Close
Save & Send





Close
start new order











































Starting a Business - Forming an LLC or Corporation  | incorporate.com

































































                        






    
    	877.583.4570
    
	


                    

                        






    
    	800.818.6082
    
	


                    




Starting a Business


Getting Started


Incorporate Now


Business Startup Wizard


Limited Liability Company(LLC)


S Corporation


C Corporation


Comparison Chart


Business Licenses


Employer ID Number (EIN)


Learn More


Benefits of Incorporating


Start-up Tasks


Corporation vs LLC


Bylaws & Operating Agreements


State Guides


eBooks


Business Coaching


Annual Report


Contact Us











Take that first step.
Starting a business can be scary, but knowing what you need to make it happen makes things easier.
Getting Started





Business Formation Wizard






Not Sure Whether Incorporating or Forming an LLC is Right for You? Want to find out what others in your industry are doing? Let our wizard help. More…







Business Entity Types






To get the most out of your small business, choose the right structure. Selecting the right type of company for your new business helps maximize your chances of financial and operational success. More…







Employer Identification Number (EIN)






Corporations, most LLCs, and all businesses with employees must have this IRS-issued identifier. Much like a Social Security Number, an Employer Identification Number (EIN) is a federal nine-digit number that identifies a business entity. More…







Business Licenses & Permits






Most state, county, and local governments require companies to have the right licenses and permits in place before they open their doors. More…







Name Reservations






A name reservation lets you hold a particular business name for later use and prevents other companies from registering that name without notice to you. Get a free corporate name check today. More…







Register a Business Name






Many state and local governments require companies to register any alternate names under which they conduct business. Registering a DBA name alerts the public that your business intends to use that name. More…







Registered Agent Service






Corporations and Limited Liability Companies (LLCs) are required by state law to have an address where they can receive important legal and tax documents during all business hours. The person or firm receiving these documents is known as the company's "Registered Agent." More…




Business Entities





Limited Liability Company (LLC)






An LLC is a great choice for businesses that want the liability protection of a corporation with less paperwork. More…







C Corporation






A C Corporation is the most common business entity. An ideal choice for businesses that want to attract investors. More…







S Corporation






An S Corporation is a great choice for small businesses that want to avoid double taxation on business profits. More…







Nonprofit Corporation






A Non Profit business structure is the right choice for scientific, religious, educational or charitable endeavors. More…







Professional Corporation






Some states allow Professional LLCs for licensed professionals, including doctors, accountants, lawyers, engineers, architects and realtors. More…







Series LLC






A Series LLCs permits multiple members, managers and business lines. Allowed in some states. More…







Limited Partnership






A Limited Partnership provides some protection from liability for certain partners. More…




No Dumb Questions
Get your questions answered and learn more about starting your business by calling 800.818.6082.












Let's get to it.



Where are you incorporating?
AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming




How are you incorporating?
LLC
S Corporation
C Corporation
Non-Profit Corporation


get started














Learn
Startup Wizard
Incorporate 101
Forming an LLC
LLC vs. Corporation
Business Licenses
Business Coaching




About Us
Our Story
Contact
Site Map




Events & Programs
International
Webinars
Affiliate Program











incorporate-logo-white-tcc

















































No dumb questions.
          We know there's a lot to consider when incorporating. That's why our business experts are here to help from 





8 a.m. to 8 p.m. ET, Monday through Thursday, and 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. ET, Friday. Call 
          
              
              
                  
                      






    
    	866.514.1346
    
	


                  

                      






    
    	800.818.6082
    
	


                  


contact us



























©  incorporate.com. All rights reserved. Privacy | Legal
incorporate.com is a service company and does not offer legal or financial advice.









LOADING




























