










 







Strategic Value Investors LP - Pooled Investment Fund- Adams  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









Strategic Value Investors LP

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    2000 Auburn Drive Suite 300 
    Beachwood, OH, 44122Phone: 216-282-6190 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-11-23


Amended


$90,000,000


$90,000,000


Other


06c 3C 3C.1


SEC link




	2015-10-23


New


Yet to Sell


$0


Other


06c 3C 3C.1


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Marty Adams 
 Director, Executive, Promoter 


 Umberto Fedeli 
 Director, Executive, Promoter 


 Ben Mackovak 
 Director, Executive, Promoter 


 None Strategic Value Bank Partners Llc 
 Promoter 










 

none Strategic Value Bank Partners LLC's involvement in venture capital (via Strategic Value Investors Lp)































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/people/231600-none-strategic-value-bank-partners-llcsection=people&subsection=detail&id=231600




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


noneStrategic Value Bank Partners LLCGet alertedif none Strategic Value Bank Partners LLC gets funded!none Strategic Value Bank Partners LLCStrategic Value Investors Lp - PromoterDeals involving none Strategic Value Bank Partners LLCUndisclosed raised with Strategic Value Investors Lp on October, 2015Please note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Some of the profile information was collected using the Crunchbase API. For more details on the profile, please check none Strategic Value... on Crunchbase.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment!

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version
















BRIEF-Strategic Value Investors LP reports 5.4 pct stake in United Security Bancshares - Business Insider


























 





 




































































































Reuters























BI Intelligence
Events


 


















                                Trending                            



                                Tech Insider                            



                                Finance                            



                                Politics                            



                                Strategy                            



                                Life                            



                                Sports                            



                                Video                            



                                All                            






















 







×








From





To





 











          You have successfully emailed the post.
        







×




     








BRIEF-Strategic Value Investors LP reports 5.4 pct stake in United Security Bancshares












Reuters






May 16, 2017, 11:39 AM



2




 








facebook





linkedin





twitter





email





print





 






May 16 (Reuters) - United Security Bancshares
* Strategic Value Investors LP reports 5.4 percent stake in
United Security Bancshares as of May 8 - sec filing
* Strategic Value Investors LP- purchased shares of United
Security Bancshares based on belief that shares, at time of
purchase, were "undervalued "
Source text : http://bit.ly/2pSY11q
Further company coverage:
Read the original article on Reuters.  Copyright 2017. Follow Reuters on Twitter.




            More:

                                                        Reuters Company News
BRIEF-Strategic Value Investors LP reports 5.4 pct stake in Unit
















facebook





linkedin





twitter





email





print















×





                    Recommended For You
        
        
Powered by Sailthru





























BRIEF-Strategic Value Investors LP reports 5.4 pct stake in United Security Bancshares
BRIEF-Strategic Value Investors LP reports 5.4 pct stake in United Security Bancshares

May 16 (Reuters) - United Security Bancshares*...




















Recommended For You







 














Disclaimer




























Featured






Apple is lagging the market as iPhone 8 woes mount


More "The Bottom Line" » 






Here's how much you need to save for college every year depending on when you start


More "Year by Year" » 




 





Reuters Emails & Alerts
            
Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day.
Sign-Up







Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital


 
 
Read Business Insider On The Go
Available on iOS or Android
  







Find A Job




Tech Jobs


C-Level Jobs




Media Jobs


Design Jobs




Finance Jobs


Sales Jobs




See All Jobs »





Thanks to our partners






























Follow us on:












Also check out:






* Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our
                                                                Terms of Service                                and
                                                                                                Privacy Policy.

Disclaimer
Commerce Policy
Made in NYC




Stock quotes by finanzen.net



International Editions:
UKDEAUSINMYSGPLSENLFRITJP 









































Outsourced CIO (OCIO) - Strategic Investment Group
























Skip to main content

















Enter your keywords 




 










  
 Why Strategic?
A true partner is one who
helps you shoulder the burden
of accountability.
 

  
 Strategic Investment Group
Pioneer in dedicated
Outsourced CIO (OCIO)
solutions since 1987.
 

  
 Why Outsource?
We function as our clients’
investment partner and
co-fiduciary, effectively
becoming an extension
of their resources.
 

  
 Our Leadership
Our mission is to empower
investors through experience,
innovation, and excellence.
 

  
 Our Thinking
The greatest success is
bestowed not on those who
follow trends, but on those
who anticipate them.
 

  
 Strategic Research Forum
"For people who love to explore what's best in investing with the best investors in the business, there's nothing like it."
-Ray Dalio, Bridgewater Associates
 


 








  
 Brief overview
Strategic Investment Group, a pioneer in dedicated Outsourced CIO (OCIO) solutions since 1987, offers a comprehensive service platform for managing customized portfolios for institutional and private investors. Our proprietary process combines active portfolio management, rigorous risk management, and open architecture manager selection.
  

 




News




 Jun 27, 2017 
 Newly Published "Endowment Management for Higher Education" Co-authored by Nikki Kraus and Hilda Ochoa-Brillembourg  

 Jun 19, 2017 
 New FocusPoint Webinar: Clearing the Fog: The Role of GIPS Compliance in Promoting OCIO Performance Transparency  

 May 11, 2017 
 Nikki Kraus and David Ordoobadi Conducted a Roundtable Discussion at The Health Management Academy’s “The Academy” Spring CFO Forum  

 












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












STRATEGIC VALUE INVESTORS LP Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      STRATEGIC VALUE INVESTORS LP
                    

•   BEACHWOOD, OH
                          • Hedge Fund
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Strategic Value Investors is based out of Beachwood.    WhaleWisdom has at least 5 13D/G filings in our database for Strategic Value Investors. The firm last filed a Form D notice of exempt offering of securities on 2016-11-23. The filing was for a pooled investment fund:  hedge fund The notice  included securities offered of Pooled Investment Fund Interests
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)
Form D 2



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from STRATEGIC VALUE INVESTORS LP, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




strategic value investors lp


2000 AUBURN DRIVE

BEACHWOOD
OH
                                                        
                                                    44122


              Business Phone:
              216-282-6190







Recent SEC Filings




SC 13D filed on 05/16/2017
SC 13G/A filed on 02/08/2017
SC 13G filed on 01/04/2017
D/A filed on 11/23/2016
SC 13G filed on 06/03/2016
SC 13G filed on 03/18/2016
D filed on 10/23/2015











Current 13D/G Holdings


Stock
Sector
Shares Held
Market Value
Rank
Source
Source Date





Unknown (unknown)




      842,105
    

      41,692,618.55
    

      1
    

      13G
    

      2016-12-19
    



United Security Bank NA (UBFO)


      FINANCE
    

      925,452
    

      7,605,198.70
    

      2
    

      13D
    

      2017-05-08
    



Wellesley Bancorp, Inc. (WEBK)


      FINANCE
    

      203,189
    

      5,638,494.75
    

      3
    

      13G
    

      2016-12-31
    



HCSB Financial Corp (HCFB)


      FINANCE
    

      30,100,000
    

      4,816,000.00
    

      4
    

      13G
    

      2016-04-14
    











Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...



Form D Filings

  Form D is a form to be used to file a notice of an exempt offering of securities with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
  Form D contains basic information about the offering and the company.


Form D Filings


Filing Date
Form Type
Industry Group
Securities Offered
Total Offering Amount
Total Amount Sold
Total Remaining




2016-11-23
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
90,000,000
INDEFINITE


2015-10-23
D
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
0
INDEFINITE




Other Issuers in Filings


Name
Address





  No Other Issuers
  




Related Parties included in filings


Name
Address
Relationship




BEN   MACKOVAK

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
          DIRECTOR
          PROMOTER
      



MARTY   ADAMS

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
          DIRECTOR
          PROMOTER
      



NONE   STRATEGIC VALUE BANK PARTNERS LLC

          subscription required
    


          PROMOTER
      



UMBERTO   FEDELI

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
          DIRECTOR
          PROMOTER
      











Elevate your investments
Try it for free





















Strategic Value Investors LP  - Current Holdings - Fintel.io

































Strategic Value Investors LP 







Current Holdings (from 13F, 13D)


InvestorStrategic Value Investors LP 
Current Positions4


Strategic Value Investors LP  has disclosed 4 total holdings in their latest SEC filings.
        
        
            
                This investor has not filed a 13F, which indicates it has under $100M in Assets Under Management (AUM).
            
        
        
            This investor has filed 1 activist 13D filings recently, which suggests it
            takes an active role in influencing management.

        
        
        
        
            Strategic Value Investors LP 's top industries are
            
                "Depository Institutions" (sic 60)
                
                
            .
        
    

Overview
SEC Filings
13D/13G
Predictive Value









All Strategic Value Investors LP  holdings are listed in the following table.
                This data is sourced from 13D/13G, and 13F filings. Green rows indicate new positions. Red rows indicate closed positions.



Add This Fundto your dashboard



This is a list of 13D and 13G filings made since the last quarterly 13F report (if any).



File DateFormSecurity

PrevShares
CurrentShares
Change(Percent)
Prev Value(x$1000)
Current Value(x$1000)
Change(Percent)




2017‑05‑16
SC 13D
USBI / United Security Bancshares, Inc.

*

916,289






2017‑02‑08
SC 13G/A
WEBK / Wellesley Bancorp, Inc.

*
186,752
203,189
8.80





2017‑01‑04
SC 13G
TRC / TRINITY CAPITAL PLC

*

842,105






2016‑06‑03
SC 13G
HCFB / HCSB Financial Corp.

*

30,100,000
















Fintel IR - Find the Right Investors for Your Company, Instantly!
        Fintel IR combines the comprehensive Fintel ownership database with machine learning to
        provide advanced tools to make investor outreach fast and easy.
        Learn more now!
















Become a power user!

 Join our private investing channel!
Request Membership

























 

Strategic Value Investors Lp - Funding history, company info, news ...































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/companies/215054-strategic-value-investors-lpsection=companies&subsection=detail&id=215054  




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


Strategic Value Investors LpCompany DetailsGet alertedif Strategic Value Investors Lp gets funded!Strategic Value Investors LpFunding history Key peopleCountry:State:City:United StatesOhioBeachwoodIndustry:Finance Funding history DateDeal sizeInvestors October 23rd, 2015Undisclosed-View DealCreate alertManage your alerts in accountWant to know when Strategic Value Investors Lp gets funded?Key peopleMarty AdamsDirector, Executive Officer, PromoterUmberto FedeliDirector, Executive Officer, PromoterBen MackovakDirector, Executive Officer, Promoternone Strategic Value Bank Partners LLCPromoterPlease note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment!