






























Emerson Electric Company (EMR) Shares Sold by Strategic Advisors LLC - Stock Observer













































 















 



  
 
  





















Daily Ratings & News for Emerson Electric Company
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Emerson Electric Company with our free daily email newsletter:



 





Follow @StormInvestor







Recent Posts

Aspen Technology (AZPN) Earns Media Impact Rating of 0.05
MORG STAN ASIA (APF) Given Daily News Sentiment Score of 0.46
Allete (ALE) Receives Daily Coverage Optimism Score of 0.02
Renew Holdings Plc (RNWH) Insider John Bishop Sells 2,500 Shares
Intec Pharma (NTEC) Given Media Sentiment Score of 0.22
Northwest Bancshares (NWBI) Receives Daily News Impact Rating of -0.12
AEGON N.V. Perp. Cap. Secs. Floating Rate (Netherlands) (AEB) Given Media Sentiment Score of 0.45
The Advisory Board (ABCO) Receives Daily News Sentiment Rating of 0.24
Shake Shack (SHAK) Receives Media Impact Score of 0.11
California Public Employees Retirement System Acquires 600 Shares of Domtar Corporation (NYSE:UFS)
Clark Capital Management Group Inc. Sells 115,880 Shares of T. Rowe Price Group Inc (TROW)
Applied Materials, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMAT) Shares Sold by Cadence Capital Management LLC
Alliancebernstein L.P. Has $89.90 Million Stake in Applied Materials, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMAT)
Conning Inc. Increases Position in Amgen Inc. (AMGN)
California Public Employees Retirement System Cuts Position in Prudential Financial, Inc. (NYSE:PRU)
Marshall Wace North America L.P. Acquires Shares of 40,572 BroadSoft, Inc. (BSFT)
MARSHALL WACE ASIA Ltd Invests $1.65 Million in Veritiv Corporation (VRTV)
Marshall Wace North America L.P. Purchases New Stake in Myokardia Inc (MYOK)
Del Frisco’s Restaurant Group, Inc. (DFRG) Shares Bought by Menta Capital LLC
Church & Dwight Company, Inc. (CHD) Shares Sold by Menta Capital LLC



 


Emerson Electric Company (EMR) Shares Sold by Strategic Advisors LLC

					Posted by Geri Gentry on Jul 22nd, 2017 // No Comments 



Strategic Advisors LLC decreased its stake in  Emerson Electric Company (NYSE:EMR) by 0.7% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 14,920 shares of the industrial products company’s stock after selling 101 shares during the period. Strategic Advisors LLC’s holdings in Emerson Electric were worth $893,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. 
Other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Elgethun Capital Management purchased a new position in  Emerson Electric during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $114,000.  Syntal Capital Partners LLC bought a new position in  Emerson Electric during the fourth quarter worth about $420,000.  State Street Corp raised its position in  Emerson Electric by 3.4% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 32,271,263 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $1,799,131,000 after buying an additional 1,049,578 shares during the last quarter.  Van ECK Associates Corp raised its position in  Emerson Electric by 5.6% in the fourth quarter. Van ECK Associates Corp now owns 391,717 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $21,838,000 after buying an additional 20,876 shares during the last quarter.  Finally, Abbrea Capital LLC bought a new position in  Emerson Electric during the fourth quarter worth about $537,000. 68.87% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. 


 Get Emerson Electric Company alerts:



Emerson Electric Company (NYSE EMR) traded down 0.43% on Friday, reaching $60.04. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 2,280,835 shares. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $59.68 and its 200-day moving average is $59.54. The firm has a market capitalization of $38.69 billion, a PE ratio of 25.65 and a beta of 1.20. Emerson Electric Company has a 52 week low of $49.22 and a 52 week high of $64.36. 




Emerson Electric (NYSE:EMR) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, May 2nd. The industrial products company reported $0.58 EPS for the quarter, hitting the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.58. Emerson Electric had a net margin of 8.72% and a return on equity of 23.37%. The company had revenue of $3.57 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $3.49 billion. During the same period in the prior year, the business posted $0.57 EPS. The company’s quarterly revenue was down .1% on a year-over-year basis.  Analysts predict that  Emerson Electric Company will post $2.60 EPS for the current year. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This news story was originally  reported by Stock Observer and is the sole property of of Stock Observer. If you are accessing this news story on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of US and international trademark & copyright law. The original version of this news story can be accessed at https://www.thestockobserver.com/2017/07/22/strategic-advisors-llc-sells-101-shares-of-emerson-electric-company-emr-updated-updated-updated.html. 
A number of analysts recently weighed in on EMR shares. JMP Securities started coverage on Emerson Electric in a research note on Monday, June 19th. They issued an “outperform” rating and a $70.00 price target on the stock. Cowen and Company  reiterated a “hold” rating and set a $62.00 target price on shares of Emerson Electric in a research report on Tuesday, May 2nd. BidaskClub upgraded Emerson Electric from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Friday, June 16th. Stifel Nicolaus  reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $68.00 target price on shares of Emerson Electric in a research report on Wednesday. Finally, Morgan Stanley  restated an “overweight” rating on shares of Emerson Electric in a research report on Tuesday, July 11th. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, fifteen have given a hold rating and three have assigned  a buy rating to the company. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $56.96.
Emerson Electric Company Profile
Emerson Electric Co is a diversified global manufacturing company, which provides solutions to customers by bringing technology and engineering together in the industrial, commercial and consumer markets around the world. The Company operates through four segments based on the nature of the products and services rendered: Process Management, Industrial Automation, Climate Technologies and Commercial & Residential Solutions.







Receive News & Ratings for Emerson Electric Company Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Emerson Electric Company and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 



 























Latest News




Aspen Technology  Earns Media Impact Rating of 0.05





MORG STAN ASIA  Given Daily News Sentiment Score of 0.46





Allete  Receives Daily Coverage Optimism Score of 0.02





Renew Holdings Plc  Insider John Bishop Sells 2,500 Shares





Northwest Bancshares  Receives Daily News Impact Rating of -0.12





Intec Pharma  Given Media Sentiment Score of 0.22






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website








 


 

 

















































Home - Diamond Strategic Advisors, LLC








































































Contact us today!info@diamondstrategicadvisors.com 





































 





Hire top-tier finance talent for project-based work 

CONTACT US 


 



 









Diamond Strategic Advisors

We are a financial consulting services firm that collaborates with executives and their teams to create value. Our expertise in corporate finance and M&A transactions, coupled with broad industry knowledge, enables us to support clients to pursue strategic and financial initiatives to maximize growth.SERVICES

Our corporate finance and M&A transaction experience covers a wide range of services and support:Marketing and Board-level Presentations
Financial Modeling and Analysis
Valuation Analyses
Transaction Process Management

Potential Buyer Selection & Outreach
Data Room and Due Diligence Support
Industry, Market and Business Analyses
Executive Introductions 
WHY DSA?Diamond Strategic Advisors focuses on providing flexible and superior finance support to clients for M&A transactions and other strategic and financial projects. We can work side-by-side with executives during any or every part of a project to provide additional capabilities. Our goal is to maximize a successful outcome, offering reliable support in an efficient and seamless manner.SupportThe finance support can be tailored based upon your firm’s needs and timeline.
IntegrationThe goal is to plug-in to your current team and integrate seamlessly, providing additional horsepower and experience to complete the project.
CommunicationDSA is committed to providing excellent communication and high-quality work, with a productive and smooth ramp-up period.
EXPERIENCE

Our transaction experience includes mergers and acquisitions, divestitures, and private financing transactions. We have worked with privately-owned businesses, public corporations, and private equity-backed companies to identify, evaluate, and execute strategic transactions to increase shareholder value.Our broad industry knowledge enables us to be more effective as we partner with clients to drive growth. Selected sectors of expertise are listed below.


Building Products & Construction
Business Services
Consumer
E-discovery
Government Services




Healthcare
Manufacturing
Retail
Transportation & Logistics



WHO WE ARE


Katie Kieran, Owner
Katie Kieran has over seven years of experience as an investment banking professional, with a total of 12 years of experience in the financial services industry. Katie founded Diamond Strategic Advisors to provide clients with support on M&A transactions and other strategic and financial projects.
Prior to becoming a freelance professional in 2014, Katie served as a Vice President at Sagent Advisors, a boutique investment bank, originating and executing sell-side, buy-side, and private financing transactions. During her five-year tenure, she worked on eight deals that closed for a combined transaction value of $1.2 billion. Additionally, Katie spent three years at Sagent in a business development role, cultivating relationships with private equity firms. She was responsible for building a network of middle market private equity firms to source new business opportunities. Before joining Sagent, Katie spent five years working in operational and financial roles at Fidelity Investments.
Katie graduated cum laude from The Carroll School of Management of Boston College with a Bachelor of Science in Business Administration and earned a Master of Business Administration with Honors from The Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania. Katie has a passion for running, spending time outdoors, and reading.
TESTIMONIALS

Katie Kieran has consistently performed at a high-level to add value and deliver top-notch project materials for her clients. Katie has used SpareHire as a source for client leads and holds a five-star rating on SpareHire’s website based upon her work product. Selected feedback is below.Client Pre-Marketing Due Diligence"Katie continues to be an important asset for our firm. I would consider us regular customers at this point. She's extremely detail oriented and able to grasp all things investment banking-related."

- Caroline S.
Divestiture Analysis"Another great job by Katie. She is timely, responsive, detailed and adds value to the project."

- Sandy T.
Fairness Opinion and Investment Banking Support"Katie was great on my investment banking project. She is thorough, efficient, responsive, knowledgeable, and adds value. I'd hire her again in an instant."

- Robert A.
Confidential Information Memorandum"Extremely detail and task-oriented individual who took our complicated project from start to finish. We'll be hiring her again."

- Alex C.
CONTACT USinfo@diamondstrategicadvisors.comReady to learn more about how Diamond Strategic Advisors can augment your firm’s capabilities? Contact us today!










 
 

What is 3+5? 
















































Strategic Advisors














 




Strategic Advisors







HOME


ABOUT US



PROFESSIONALS


WHY SA




SERVICES


TRANSACTIONS


PUBLICATIONS


PRESENTATIONS


CONTACT US





































Strategic Advisors is a middle market investment banking firm that provides merger and acquisition (M&A), corporate finance and strategic advisory services to business owners. Through years of practical experience, Strategic Advisors has found that there are many pathways to creating, building and realizing shareholder wealth and we have the expertise, resources and relationships to ensure that business owners maximize their wealth.  In the process, our seasoned professionals will employ sophisticated transaction processes, innovative techniques, and deal experience in a range of industry sectors to achieve exceptional results. We are results driven and deliver unparalleled service, straight forward strategies and premium results. Our clients have told us that we meet or exceed their expectations. 










MERGERS & ACQUISITIONS
CORPORATE FINANCE
STRATEGIC CONSULTING




















 








 

















 NEWS





June 2017
Strategic Advisors Publishes its Mergers and Acquisitions Report for Q1 2017. ...Continued



April 2017
Strategic Advisors Publishes its Mergers and Acquisitions Report for Q4 2016. ...Continued



April 2017
Advisors Publishes its Regional M&A Report for the first Quarter of 2017. ...Continued



January, 2017
Strategic Advisors Publishes its Regional M&A Report for the Second Half of 2016. ...Continued



January, 2017
Strategic Advisors Publishes its Mergers and Acquisitions Report for Q3 2017. ...Continued


January, 2016
Strategic Advisors Announces the Recapitalization of Insight Pipe Contracting ...Continued


June, 2015
Strategic Advisors Announces Sale of Gateway Fasteners ...Continued


May, 2015
Strategic Advisors Announces Sale of LTS Scale ...Continued


March, 2015
Strategic Advisors Welcomes New Directors ...Continued


December, 2014
Strategic Advisors Announces the Closing of the Sale of Cortina Leathers ...Continued


November, 2014
Strategic Advisors Announces the Closing of the Sale of PCN Network Closings ...Continued


May, 2013
2013 First Quarter Update: Pittsburgh Regional M&A Report ...Continued


March, 2013
2012 Fourth Quarter Update: M&A and Corporate Finance Overview ...Continued


December, 2012
Strategic Advisors Announces Closing of Acquisition by Elk Lake Capital ...Continued


December, 2012
2012 Fourth Quarter Update: Pittsburgh Regional M&A Report ...Continued


December, 2012
Strategic Advisors Announces the closing of the Sale of M&J Erosion ...Continued


December, 2012
2012 Third Quarter Update: M&A and Corporate Finance Overview ...Continued


October, 2012
2012 Third Quarter Update: Pittsburgh Regional M&A Report ...Continued


September, 2012
Strategic Advisors Serves as Financial Advisor to Dell Fastener Corporation ...Continued


September, 2012
2012 Second Quarter Update: M&A and Corporate Finance Overview ...Continued


July, 2012
2012 Second Quarter Update: Pittsburgh Regional M&A Report ...Continued


June, 2012
2012 First Quarter Update: M&A and Corporate Finance Overview ...Continued


April, 2012
2012 First Quarter Update: Pittsburgh Regional M&A Report ...Continued


February, 2012
2011 Fourth Quarter Update: M&A and Corporate Finance Overview ...Continued


February, 2012
Strategic Advisors 2011 Year in Review ...Continued


February, 2012
Strategic Advisors Assists in the Formation of Elk Lake Capital ...Continued


January, 2012
Strategic Advisors Serves as Financial Advisor to the Management of Armada Supply Chain Solutions ...Continued


January, 2012
2011 Fourth Quarter Update:  Pittsburgh  Regional M&A Report ...Continued


January, 2012
Strategic Advisors Announces the Closing of the Sale of Interface Solutions ...Continued


December, 2011
2011 Third Quarter Update:  M&A and Corporate Finance Overview ...Continued


October, 2011
2011 3rd Quarter Update: Pittsburgh Regional M&A Report ...Continued


August, 2011
2011 EMS Industry Update: Second Quarter ...Continued


August, 2011
2011 Second Quarter Update:  M&A and Corporate Finance Overview ...Continued


July, 2011
Pittsburgh Regional M&A Report ...Continued


June, 2011
2011 EMS Industry Update:
                                                  First Quarter ...Continued


May, 2011
2011 First Quarter Update:  M&A and Corporate Finance Overview ...Continued


April, 2011
2011 First Quarter Update:  Pittsburgh Regional M&A Report ...Continued


April, 2011
Strategic Advisors Announces the Closing of the Sale of Pyott-Boone Electronics, Inc. ...Continued


February, 2011
2010 Fourth Quarter Update: M&A and Corporate Finance Overview ...Continued


January, 2011
2010 Fourth Quarter and Year-in-Review: Pittsburgh Regional M&A Report ...Continued


November, 2010
2010 EMS Industry Update:
                                                  Third Quarter ...Continued


November, 2010
2010 Third Quarter Update: M & A Corporate Finance ...Continued


October, 2010
Strategic Advisors Pittsburgh
                                                  Regional M&A Report featured in Pittsburgh Tribune-Review  October 16, 2010 ...Continued


October, 2010
2010 Third Quarter Update: Pittsburgh Regional M&A Report ...Continued


August, 2010
2010 Second Quarter Update: M & A Corporate Finance ...Continued


August, 2010
2010 EMS Industry Update:
                                                  Second Quarter ...Continued


July, 2010
Strategic Advisors Pittsburgh
                                                  Regional M&A Report featured in Pittsburgh Tribune-Review July 15, 2010 ...Continued  


July, 2010
2010 Second Quarter Update: Pittsburgh Regional M&A Report ...Continued


May, 2010
Strategic Advisors' Pittsburgh
                                                  Regional M&A Report featured in Pittsburgh Tribune-Review May 13, 2010 ...Continued  


May, 2010
2010 First Quarter Update: M & A Corporate Finance ...Continued


May, 2010
2010 EMS Industry Update:
                                                  First  Quarter ...Continued


April, 2010
2010 First Quarter Update: Pittsburgh Regional M&A Report ...Continued


February, 2010
EMS Industry Update: 
                                                  2009 Year In Review ...Continued


February, 2010
2009 Fourth Quarter Update: M&A and Corporate Finance Overview ...Continued


February, 2010
Strategic Advisors is pleased to be a sponsor of Pittsburgh's Association for Corporate Growth's 2010 Annual Conference ...Continued


January, 2010
2009 Fourth Quarter Update: Pittsburgh Regional M&A Report ...Continued


November. 2009
2009 Third Quarter Update: M&A and Corporate Finance Overview ...Continued




























October. 2009
Strategic Advisors Announces the Closing of the Sale of
                                                  OmniTech ...Continued


October. 2009
Strategic Advisors announces first edition of regional & sector M&A overview ...Continued


October. 2009
Pittsburgh Business Times Article Featuring Strategic Advisors Associate, Matthew Steve ...Continued


May. 2009
Strategic Advisors Welcomes New Associates ...Continued


November. 2008
Strategic Advisors is pleased to announce the closing of the sale of North Penn Pipe & Supply, Inc ...Continued


November. 2008
Strategic Advisors is pleased to announce the closing of the sale of Asset Auctions ...Continued


June. 2008
Andrew Hays Judge for Ernst & Young Award ...Continued


January. 2008
                                                  Strategic Advisors Announces the Closing of the Sale of Camalloy, Inc.
                                                                       ...Continued


August. 2007
                                                  Strategic Advisors Announces the Closing of the Sale of The Lion Brewery
                                                                       ...Continued


August. 2007
                                                  Strategic Advisors Serves as Advisor for Sale of Coining of America
                                                                         ...Continued


July. 2007
                                                  Strategic Advisors Closes Recapitalization for Copperhead Chemical Company, Inc.

 ...Continued


June. 2007
                                                  Firms find synergy, increase sales with merger...

 ...Continued


December. 2006
                                                  Strategic Advisors Completes Divestiture Transaction

 ...Continued


June. 2006
                                                  All-Pak Completes Recapitalization; Strategic Advisors Serves as Advisor

 ...Continued


June. 2006
                                                  Strategic Advisors Serves as Financial Advisor to Amerinet Central

 ...Continued


April. 2006
                                                  Connecticut firm acquires Cygnus Manufacturing; Strategic Advisors Serves as Financial Advisor

 ...Continued


April. 2006
                                                  Glen O. Hawbaker Closes Accquisition; Strategic Advisors Serves as Financial Advisor

 ...Continued


December. 2005
                                                  Strategic Advisors Closes InterFace Solutions Transaction

 ...Continued


January. 2005
                                                  Strategic Advisors Principals Awarded Certification Mergers & Acquisitions Designation

 ...Continued


January. 2005
                                                  Strategic Advisors served as financial advisor to Susquehanna Capital's acquisition of Cooper Manufacturing Company

 ...Continued


December. 2004
                                                  Strategic Advisors LLC completed its sixth deal this year and arguably its most volatile to date.

 ...Continued


September. 2004
                                                  Firm assembles atypical financing

 ...Continued


June. 2004
                                                  Strategic Advisors introduces �The Strategic Alternatives Review�...

 ...Continued


May. 2004
                                                  Strategic Advisors sees opportunities in middle market...

 ...Continued


December. 2002
                                                  Understanding Management�s Leverage in a Divestiture Process...

 ...Continued

























                                Securities And Advisory Services Are Offered Through BPU Investment Management, Inc., 301 Grant Street, Suite 3300, Pittsburgh, PA 15219 - Member FINRA/ SIPC And an SEC-Registered Investment Advisor.

	                              Check the background of this firm on FINRA's BrokerCheck.
                                Copyright © 2017 Strategic Advisors - All Rights Reserved 



















Bringing Efficiency to Inefficient Markets


 









Your Investment Team








































Print
 Email


Email








Send to (Separate multiple email addresses with commas)


Please enter a valid email address


Your email address

Please enter a valid email address


Message (Optional)








Important legal information about the email you will be sending. By using this service, you agree to input your real email address and only send it to people you know. It is a violation of law in some jurisdictions to falsely identify yourself in an email. All information you provide will be used by Fidelity solely for the purpose of sending the email on your behalf. The subject line of the email you send will be "Fidelity.com: "




Email




Your email has been sent.


Share


Share





Mutual Funds and Mutual Fund Investing - Fidelity Investments
Clicking a link will open a new window.

Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Google+



 
















Your Investment Team
Fidelity's registered investment adviser, Strategic Advisers, Inc., will manage your account, putting our knowledge, experience, and resources to work for you.
Get Started








Overview


About Our Service


How It Works


Your Investment Team


Strategies & Pricing







                    
                    
                
                Overview

                    
                    
                
                About Our Service

                    
                    
                
                How It Works

                    
                    
                
                Your Investment Team

                    
                    
                
                Strategies & Pricing


Go






Your money is in good hands
As an integral part of Fidelity, Strategic Advisers brings the strength and security of a firm with a track record of managing money for all types of investors, through all kinds of market conditions.




In-depth research and analysis
Over 100 analysts and portfolio managers evaluate the full universe of investments.

A portfolio for your needs
Whether you're investing $5,000 or $5 million, we offer a portfolio to fit your needs and budget.

Ongoing attention
We evaluate the markets and make ongoing adjustments to keep your portfolio aligned with your goals.

Focus on taxes*
We evaluate your investments and use strategies all year round to help reduce the impact of taxes.






Brian Enyeart, CFA® (left), CHIEF INVESTMENT OFFICER,

Strategic Advisers, Inc., Joined Fidelity in 2006

Bruce T Herring, CFA® (right), PRESIDENT,

Strategic Advisers, Inc., Joined Fidelity in 1987



Meet the Strategic Advisers team 




Collaborating with leading firms to help you meet your goals

Our relationships with some of the industry's top asset managers let us offer exclusive pricing and specialized investment strategies.












Geode Capital Management, LLC


Brings experience in index investing strategies offered through Fidelity Go®








BlackRock® Investment Management, LLC


Brings experience in global research and evaluating and identifying a broad range of income-producing investments








Breckinridge Capital Advisors, Inc.


Brings experience in the municipal bond market, providing deeper credit research and greater access to bond issues













Tell us how you want to work with us





Talk to an investment professional

Call 800-544-1766





Visit us in person

Find an Investor Center





Have a representative contact me

Let's connect you with the right person














Learn about our managed investment strategy where everything's online

Explore Fidelity Go®















          *Fidelity® Tax-Managed U.S. Equity Index Strategy and Fidelity® Personalized Portfolios apply tax-sensitive investment management techniques (including tax-loss harvesting) on a limited basis, at its discretion, primarily with respect to determining when assets in a client's account should be bought or sold. As a discretionary investment management service, any assets contributed to an investor's account which Fidelity Tax-Managed U.S. Equity Index Strategy and/or Fidelity® Personalized Portfolios does not elect to retain may be sold at any time after contribution. An investor may have a gain or loss when assets are sold.
	
    


Keep in mind that investing involves risk. The value of your investment will fluctuate over time, and you may gain or lose money.



Stock markets are volatile and can fluctuate significantly in response to company, industry, political, regulatory, market, or economic developments. Investing in stock involves risks, including the loss of principal.


          Investors considering investments in bond funds should know that, generally speaking, the bond market is volatile, and fixed income securities carry interest rate risk. (As interest rates rise, bond prices usually fall, and vice versa. This effect is usually more pronounced for longer-term securities.) Fixed income securities also carry inflation risk and credit and default risks for both issuers and counterparties. Unlike individual bonds, most bond funds, do not have a maturity date, so holding them until maturity to avoid losses caused by price volatility is not possible.
	
    

          Fidelity Portfolio Advisory Service®, Fidelity® Strategic Disciplines, Fidelity® Wealth Management AdvisorySM, and BlackRock® Diversified Income Portfolio are services provided by Strategic Advisers, Inc., a registered investment adviser and a Fidelity Investments company. Fidelity® Strategic Disciplines includes the Breckinridge Intermediate Municipal Separately Managed Account, the Fidelity® Equity-Income Strategy, and the Fidelity® Tax-Managed U.S. Equity Index Strategy. Fidelity Go® is a service provided by Strategic Advisers, Inc., and by Geode Capital Management, LLC, an unaffiliated registered investment adviser. Fidelity® Personalized Portfolios may be offered through Strategic Advisers, Inc., or Fidelity Personal Trust Company, FSB (FPTC), a federal savings bank. Nondeposit investment products and trust services offered through FPTC and its affiliates are not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency, are not obligations of any bank, and are subject to risk, including possible loss of principal. These advisory services are provided for a fee.


Brokerage services are provided by Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC. Custody and other services are provided by National Financial Services LLC. Both are Fidelity Investments companies and members of NYSE and SIPC.
	
    

Strategic Advisers, Inc., and BlackRock Investment Management, LLC, are independent entities and are not legally affiliated. Strategic Advisers, Inc., is the investment manager for client accounts and implements trades for the accounts based on the model portfolio of investments it receives from BlackRock Investment Management, LLC. Strategic Advisers may select investments for an account that differ from BlackRock Investment Management's model.


          The CFA designation is offered by the CFA Institute. To obtain the CFA charter, candidates must pass three exams demonstrating their competence, integrity, and extensive knowledge in accounting, ethical and professional standards, economics, portfolio management, and security analysis, and must also have at least three years of qualifying work experience, among other requirements.
	
    


779417.2.2











Mutual Funds


ETFs


Fixed Income


Bonds


CDs


Options

Active Trader Pro



Stocks


Online Trading


Annuities


Life Insurance & Long Term Care

Small Business Retirement Plans



IRAs


Retirement Products


Retirement Planning


529 Plans

FINRA's BrokerCheck
Guest Access






Stay Connected 




			                Locate an Investor Center by ZIP Code
					








							 
							   Please enter a valid ZIP code
							
						  












Facebook





Twitter





LinkedIn





Google+





YouTube





Fidelity Mobile®













Careers


News Releases


About Fidelity


International






Copyright 1998-2017 FMR LLC. All Rights Reserved.


Terms of Use


Privacy


Security


Site Map

Accessibility

This is for persons in the U.S. only.









close


Tell us how you want to work with us






Talk to an investment professional


Call 800-544-1766






Visit us

in person
Find an Investor Center







Have a representative contact me
Let's connect you with the right person





Discover our managed solution, where everything's online.
Explore Fidelity Go®















 



Zagros Strategic Advisors






































SCALE NEW PEAKS


Zagros Strategic Advisors is dedicated to helping investment managers access untapped markets around the globe. 










MORE










We Advise & Support:

- Hedge Funds
- Mutual Funds
- Global Wealth Managers
- Insurance Companies
- Structured Product Providers​







YOUR GUIDE TO INTERNATIONAL MARKETS & DISTRIBUTION


Zagros provides clients with the guidance and on-the-ground support needed to build their global distribution and marketing capabilities, and enter some of the most attractive wealth and asset management markets in the world.      






MORE >

















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Catamount Strategic Advisors LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 6:00 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Catamount Strategic Advisors LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Catamount Strategic Advisors LLC is out of business. Catamount Strategic Advisors LLC is a research firm. It focuses on the technology institutional equity business. The firm specializes in networking and telecom equipment and communications components and semiconductors sectors. It employs fundamental research, qualitative and quantitative data surrounding competition, product cycles, product pricing and other trends. The firm leverages its network of technology industry contacts to examine distributor, sub-component supplier, contract manufacturer and private company universes to seek out the knowledge necessary to make an informed investment decision. The firm creates an investment strate...
Catamount Strategic Advisors LLC is out of business. Catamount Strategic Advisors LLC is a research firm. It focuses on the technology institutional equity business. The firm specializes in networking and telecom equipment and communications components and semiconductors sectors. It employs fundamental research, qualitative and quantitative data surrounding competition, product cycles, product pricing and other trends. The firm leverages its network of technology industry contacts to examine distributor, sub-component supplier, contract manufacturer and private company universes to seek out the knowledge necessary to make an informed investment decision. The firm creates an investment strategy for a particular sector and individual names within that sector, adjust that thesis as dictated by the results of intense data point mining and measure the impact of any data points on the likely performance of that investment. Then  it offers raw data and stock calls based on interpretations and its impact on operating metrics, valuation metrics, and stock price. The firm produces CatQuicks, Data Squawks, Earning Previews, Custom Research products for its clients. It caters to a selected group of institutional investors. Catamount Strategic Advisors LLC was founded in February, 2009 and is based in San Francisco, California.
Detailed Description


One Bush Street12th FloorSan Francisco, CA 94104United StatesFounded in 2009



Phone: 415-240-4222

Fax: 415-814-7528








Key Executives for Catamount Strategic Advisors LLC


Catamount Strategic Advisors LLC does not have any Key Executives recorded. 





Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Catamount Strategic Advisors LLC, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close































Public relations, digital media, and public affairs services since 2009.Strategic Advisers, LLC




























































About
Services
Team
Clients
News
Contact





Home
About
Services
Team
Clients
News
Contact









Your story. Our expertise. Strategic success.



Founded by two former award-winning journalists, our team at Strategic Advisers has a better inside knowledge of the factors that motivate journalists than almost any other PR or public affairs agency. We speak the language of reporters and editors, but we complement this hard-earned knowledge with carefully constructed messaging plans built to ensure your story has legs.
To effectively tell our clients’ stories we must first gain a deep understanding of your unique mission, needs, and goals. This allows us to create compelling and inspiring messages which can then be distributed through targeted communication channels that are uniquely suited for your chosen audiences.
Strategic Advisers is best equipped to work with clients who operate at the intersection of public relations, public policy, and politics. We can help you cut through the crowd, make needed introductions, and to tell your story in a way that leads to success or achievement of your goals.
Clients often hire us because of our connections and our experience with the media, but they retain us because we are responsive to their needs, easy to work with, and we because can develop big ideas while still paying attention the smallest details.
 
 



	   		Public Relations



	   		Public Affairs



	   		Interactive & Digital Media



	   		Crisis Management




 View All Services + 
 































 
 



Strategic Advisers
(859) 360-3185
View Address +
535 Madison Ave., Suite 500
Covington, Ky 41011




















Schonfeld Strategic Advisors LLC: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback





























schonfeld strategic advisors llc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Wealth Management
Schonfeld Strategic Advisors LLC operates as an investment advisory company. The Company offers wealth management, fundamental equities, trading, investment strategies, financial planning, ad advisory services. Schonfeld Strategic Advisors serves customers in the State of New York.




Corporate Information
Address:

460 Park Avenue
19th Floor
New York, NY 10022
United States


Phone:
1-646-735-9604


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.schonfeld.com























From The Web











Key Executives


Andrew Mark Fishman


President




Maria Sakellis


Chief Financial Officer




Peters Mark


Chief Operating Officer




Ryan Tolkin


Chief Investment Officer




Thomas Loor Wynn


Chief Compliance Officer




Mark Harry Peckman


General Counsel







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data









































Asia Strategic Advisors LLC



































































Write me: 


Navigating Japan's Business Culture








Select menu item










 





Corporate Advisory Services 

Learn more 

How well do your executives understand the dynamics that govern negotiating, management, relationship building and sales in Asia? 







International Business Experience 

Learn more 

How are market challenges and culture-based differences in business practices limiting your bottom line success in Asia? 







Decades of Experience in Asia 

Learn more 

There are more than twenty ways to say “no” in Japanese, including the word “yes.” How on track are your understandings and agreements? 







International Advisory Expertise 

Learn more 

Are your company’s results in Asia not in line with expectations? 

Does something often seem lost in translation? 
 







Experts In Intercultural Management™ 

Learn more 

Confucius, Asia’s greatest philosopher, stated: “Human beings draw close to one another by their common nature, but habits and customs keep them apart."
 



 




 

Robert Azar is a US-Asia business and cultural expert with thirty-five years of executive level success. As a strategy advisor, he specializes in achieving excellence in global business development, intercultural management and problem resolution.
R. Azar previously lived in the Far East for seven years; worked in Japanese corporations for ten years; and developed and managed U.S. businesses in Asian markets for twenty-five years. He is fluent in the Japanese language – including reading, writing, and speaking – and familiar with Korean.
Read Full Bio





What’s New





November 2016 – Global Spotlight: Meet the Members of the N.C. Coalition for Global Competitiveness

The 40-plus members of the N.C. Coalition for Global Competitiveness are an impressive group of North Carolina leaders with diverse talents and expertise in the global arena. Global Spotlight is a space to introduce you to Coalition members and their work helping to make North Carolina the most globally engaged state in the nation.
View Original Global Spotlight Article





November 2016 – Memo to US execs: Doing business in Japan demands a company be the very best it can be

Editor’s note, November 17, 2016: Analysis: As Japan’s Prime Minister Shinzo Abe meets with President-elect Donald Trump in New York, it’s a good time to look at trade relations between the two countries. Note to U.S. executives: Better understanding the requirements of the world’s third largest economy and better preparing for them will enable more American companies to succeed in conducting business in Japan.
View Original TechWire Article





August 2016 – Roundtable Discussion with Mr. Robert Azar on Bridging Japanese and American Business Cultures
On August 29, 2016, Keidanren USA hosted Mr. Robert Azar, President & CEO of Asia Strategic Advisors LLC, for a roundtable event titled “Improving Workplace Productivity & Relations by Bridging Japanese and American Business Cultures.”  Mr. Azar gave a presentation based on his new book, “Navigating Japan’s Business Culture – A Practical Guide to Succeeding in the Japanese Market.”  The Q&A session featured a lively exchange regarding such issues as the recent changes Japanese culture has been undergoing, differences with Chinese and Korean business culture, and the quest to find universal business values.
View Original Keidanren Article






See Book Information 
It has been my distinct privilege to work with Robert Azar on many different projects and in many different capacities off and on over the past 30 years. The depth and breadth of Mr. Azar's experience in doing business in Asia is truly staggering. I cannot think of any non-Japanese person who understands the language and culture of Japan better than Mr. Azar. It is this ...unique and thorough understanding of culture that enables Mr. Azar to help his clients and business partners to succeed in Japan and other Asian markets.
Paul Taylor, Esq. Vice President & General Counsel Ajinomoto North America, Inc.

 
The depth of understanding in Navigating Japan’s Business Culture is unprecedented. As a Japanese reader, I was surprised to learn the cultural dynamics that govern management and communication in Japanese business. Azar’s book is informative, practical, and strategic, and will help you achieve your goals in Japan via effective strategies and correct cultural understanding. I recommend this book to everyone who engages in Japanese business, even to Japanese businessmen.
Koyama TomohisaExecutive Advisor to the President, Nagoya University / Former Deputy Director, New and Renewable Energy Division, Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry of Japan

 
Robert Azar's book is essential reading for foreign businessmen looking for success in the Japanese market. He has had over 35 years practical experience in Japanese business, academic training about Japan, and is fluent in Japanese, a rare and invaluable combination. You will profit from reading this book.
Prof. Gerald Curtis BurgessProfessor Emeritus of Japanese Government, Columbia University

 
Navigating Japan’s Business Culture consists of tons of useful tips as well as actual examples in the Japanese business world. I was most impressed by Robert Azar’s understanding of Japan’s historical background as well as the intricacies of Japan’s actual business practices. (He sometimes knows Japanese culture more than I do!) This book provides deep insight based on his broad business experience and his scholarly study. I highly recommend this book as a practical guide to those who want to really understand and overcome the cultural gap and succeed in the Japanese market.
Matsuo TakashiDirector, Sumitomo Electric Lightwave Corporation

 
My architectural/engineering firm has navigated the intricacies and challenges of doing business with Japanese companies since 1985. I only wish Robert Azar’s book had been available when we started this journey. Azar provides keen insight into the business culture of Japanese companies and describes strategies and tactics to be successful. If one is doing business with Japanese this is required reading.
John L. Atkins, IIIHonorary General Consul of Japan in Raleigh, North Carolina 2009–2014

 
Robert Azar is a gifted global communicator with astounding insight into the enigmatic and opaque business practices of the Japanese executive. Whether you are looking to invest in Japan or develop an import relationship with a Japanese company, Robert’s insights will be instrumental to your success.
Rick Van Sant, Ph.D.Executive Director, Center for International Understanding Chapel Hill, North Carolina

 
Robert Azar is an accomplished businessman, consultant and commentator with vast experience in Asia – and particularly in Japan. His fluency in Japanese, his deep understanding of the culture and how it shapes Japanese business practices and his academic training in East Asian political, economic and cultural affairs make his insights a valuable resource for those doing business with this valued strategic and economic partner.
James T. Fain IIIFormer North Carolina Commerce Secretary, 2001–2009

 
Knowing ‘what’ is good, but knowing ‘why’ is critical. Robert Azar's 35 years of living and doing business in Japan sheds valuable insight into why some companies succeed and others fail in Japan. His business experiences combined with his deep cultural understandings make this book an essential tool.
Elaine MarshallNorth Carolina Secretary of State, 1997–present

 
This book is a must read by all who engage in international economic development. The North Carolina and Japanese economies are hugely important to each other. Understanding each other better; understanding how to better collaborate; ...honoring each other's culture – all extremely important. Robert Azar understands... all this better than most. Read his book; enjoy his depth and most importantly LEARN from him. He's made it all work.
Norris TolsonFormer North Carolina Commerce Secretary 

For Complimentary Consultation & Speaking Engagements Contact Us

Subscribe To Our Mailing List Here:


















   
  
 
 



Copyright © 2016 Asia Strategic Advisors LLC™ / Web Design by VistaWorks
 
Corporate Services | Book Information | Client Testimonials | About the President | Company Contact Information | Media Inteviews



 
 



 
























Working with TM Strategic « TM Strategic Advisors, LLC




































Working with TM Strategic Our mission at TM Strategic Advisors is to build long term relationships with our clients by delivering significant value and service. We want to be easy to work with and are highly flexible in the way we structure client relationships.
Representative engagement models include:

Retainer-based engagements – This is often used for long term projects or advisory relationships where the time frame needs to be flexible. We most commonly employ a monthly retainer in these situations
Project-based engagements – For engagements such as market opportunity assessments that involve a predictable amount of work, we can provide you with a committed time and budget
Transaction support consulting – Depending on the situation, we are open to structuring these relationships as either fixed or flexible, depending on your needs

Composition of engagement teams is also highly flexible to suit your project’s needs.  We routinely pull together large or small virtual teams comprising management, clinical and/or technical subject-matter experts.  We also enjoy rolling our sleeves up and doing the work ourselves when this best fits your needs.
At the end of the day, we want to work with successful clients with innovative technologies, who appreciate our collaborative approach.  Please contact us to discuss your needs.
 






Recent Posts


Blogroll

Documentation
Feedback
Plugins
Support Forums
Themes
WordPress Blog
WordPress Planet



Meta


Log in

    		WordPress













Trevor Moody « TM Strategic Advisors, LLC




































Trevor Moody Trevor Moody has a broad experience with over 25 years in the development, commercialization and funding of innovative, growth-oriented medical technologies. He was most recently a General Partner at Frazier Healthcare Ventures, a leading healthcare venture capital and private equity investment firm with $1.8 billion under management. For 8 of his 10 years at Frazier, Mr. Moody co-led the medical device team and became known as an active and well-regarded investor with particular depth in medical subsectors including:

Cardiology – Specifically cardiac rhythm management, heart failure, hypertension and structural heart disease
Orthopedics and sports medicine
Radiation oncology
Patient monitoring
Healthcare IT
Neurostimulation
Aesthetics and plastic surgery

While at Frazier, he held board positions in 10 emerging and established medical technology companies.  Representative investments where he was responsible for deal sourcing, due diligence and board representation included: Ascension Orthopedics (extremity orthopedics), Calypso Medical (radiation oncology), Cardiac Dimensions (percutaneous valve repair), CVRx (hypertension and heart failure), EBR Systems (leadless cardiac resynchronization therapy), PatientKeeper (healthcare IT), Pivot Medical (arthroscopy), and Primaeva Medical (minimally-invasive aesthetics). In the case of Calypso Medical, EBR Systems, Pivot Medical and Primaeva, Mr. Moody was also a founder and/or founding investor.
Mr. Moody has led and/or syndicated 37 equity financings of approximately $722 million. 26 of these financings (approximately $630 million) represented follow-on financings in existing portfolio companies. In the vast majority of these companies, Mr. Moody was very active working with management teams to identify and close on a wide range of follow-on investors including other venture funds, hedge funds, and corporate investors.
Prior to Frazier Healthcare, Mr. Moody was a Senior Consultant at The Wilkerson Group. Representative engagements in which he took a leading role include:

Developed the concept and business case for a patient data management system which, 10 years later, is now the standard of care in the Cardiac Rhythm Management industry
Evaluated the impact of emerging group purchasing activity in high-margin, physician-preferred devices for a large interventional cardiology medical device manufacturer
Developed a new technology screening methodology for a leading minimally-invasive surgical products company
Conducted numerous market assessment engagements in markets including:

Cardiac Rhythm Management
Interventional Cardiology
General and Minimally Invasive Surgery
Orthopedics


Conducted numerous company due-diligence engagements for venture capital, private equity and corporate clients

Trained as a Biomedical Engineer with an electrical focus, Mr. Moody held product development and product marketing roles at Telectronics Pacing Systems and Ventritex, both in the Cardiac Rhythm Management market.  He has lead large cross-functional teams and been a key contributor to securing FDA approval for three new medical devices and is a named inventor on five US patents.  Mr. Moody graduated from the University of Southern Queensland, Australia with a Bachelor of Engineering, and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology with a Masters of Science in Management (Sloan School).
Mr. Moody is Board Chair of Seattle BioMed (formerly known as SBRI), one of the largest independent, non-profit research institutes focused on diseases of the developing world. Mr. Moody is also a director at electroCore LLC, a leading neurostimulation company developing therapies that directly, and non-invasively, target nerve signal imbalances and restore normal neurological function.
 
 






Recent Posts


Blogroll

Documentation
Feedback
Plugins
Support Forums
Themes
WordPress Blog
WordPress Planet



Meta


Log in

    		WordPress













Contact « TM Strategic Advisors, LLC




































Contact 
Our office is beside Lake Union in Seattle’s Fremont neighborhood:
999 N. Northlake Way, Suite 308
Seattle WA 98103
Office 206-547-5513
trevor@tmstrategic.com
 
 
 
Used with permission Long B. Nguyen
 
 






Recent Posts


Blogroll

Documentation
Feedback
Plugins
Support Forums
Themes
WordPress Blog
WordPress Planet



Meta


Log in

    		WordPress













TM Strategic Advisors, LLC




































About TM Strategic Advisors LLC is a management consultancy serving the boards, investors and senior management of both emerging and established medical technology companies. We provide a combination of senior-executive perspective and hands-on execution in areas including:

Business development advisory
New product and market opportunity assessment
Strategy development
US and OUS commercialization planning

Trevor Moody, President of TM Strategic Advisors, brings over 25 years of unparalleled experience developing and commercializing innovative medical technologies.  These experiences range from leading teams developing new cardiac rhythm management devices, strategic consulting for many of the top companies and executives in our industry, and as a General Partner at Frazier Healthcare, a large healthcare focused venture capital/private equity firm with over $1.8 billion under management.
 






Recent Posts


Blogroll

Documentation
Feedback
Plugins
Support Forums
Themes
WordPress Blog
WordPress Planet



Meta


Log in

    		WordPress













Strategic Planning « TM Strategic Advisors, LLC




































Strategic Planning Strategic planning is a critical aspect of any business planning process.  A great strategic plan provides an organization’s employees with both “True North” guidance but also provides very specific guidance on tactical decisions.  As important as the strategic plan is, we also recognize that the process of its development is as important as the result.  Nothing can replace the power of having the organization’s team members deeply involved in the plan’s development.  We always emphasize significant engagement with a wide range of organizational stakeholders. Every strategic planning exercise is carefully crafted to the client organization’s needs.  An illustrative approach is included here:

Situational assessment – A series of interviews with internal and external stakeholders are conducted to build an accurate and independent view of the organization.  A SWOT (Strengths, weaknesses, opportunities and threats) analysis is an effective way to summarize this information.  Clients often find the output of this first step to be immensely valuable on its own. It can provide a shared assessment of the organization with that might not have been communicated broadly in the past.  An independent environmental/market assessment is also often conducted at this stage
Identification and evaluation of strategic opportunities – Most companies have a number of potential opportunities facing them.  An important – and usually exciting aspect – of strategic planning, is working with stakeholders to identify them.  In addition, our depth of expertise in the healthcare industry allows us efficiently provide a detailed analysis of these opportunities
Strategic decisions – Strategic planning is all about making decisions and trade-offs.  Through a rigorous combination of independent analysis and facilitated meetings with client stakeholders, we enable rapidly arriving at these decisions while maximizing buy-in from multiple stakeholders
Strategic plan presentation– Writing a great strategic plan is hard work but we can help.  It is important that the leadership team is deeply involved in its development but an experienced advisor like TM Strategic can make the process much more efficient. The strategic plan itself and a summary presentation will typically address topics including:

Future vision of success of the organization
Key strategic initiatives
Execution plans



 
 






Recent Posts


Blogroll

Documentation
Feedback
Plugins
Support Forums
Themes
WordPress Blog
WordPress Planet



Meta


Log in

    		WordPress










